New blood sugar monitor for diabetes -- with a Chicago...0
"Because guess what? When we can look inside my son, who wears a continuous glucose monitor, we can also tell other things like, 'Hey, you're going to be sick tomorrow.' We know that because there are a lot of white blood cells in your body.
"Once we capture that drop of blood, there's a lot more we can tell you about you."
Livongo is an outgrowth of EosHealth, a Houston-based company in which Tullman and Lee Shapiro's venture capital fund, 7wire Ventures, invested in last year. Eos, which developed the technology, is now being folded into Livongo, whose name comes from "living on the go."
Tullman offered to draw some blood and show me how the device works. No need for a demonstration. My uncle has Type 1 diabetes. But it did make me think to call my uncle for his opinion.
"I think it's a good idea, especially for people who don't control or don't take ownership of the situation," he said. "Or minors. Kids going away to college. People who are busy and so involved in work."
One thing this device isn't going to solve is the discrepancy in pricing, which is determined by each person's health insurance policy. To win market share, the company only needs to ensure its device costs less than existing ones.
The 7wire fund has more than a 20 percent stake in the company. General Catalyst Partners, founded in Cambridge, Mass., 7wire and other venture capital firms invested $15 million into the company. The device was built in a leased facility in Silicon Valley, while the sales and business operations are out of Chicago.
"It turns out, people don't want to be more engaged in their health care," Tullman said. "If you have a chronic disease ... the last thing you want to do is spend more time focusing on it.
"We're trying to go for a more consumer experience ... having them do less."

High-end condos point to rebounding market in downtown ChicagoChicago's downtown condo market rebounding
Apartment construction still hot in Chicago, but high-end units could spark condo revival
Most condo projects aimed at affluent consumers
Tuesday's ceremonial groundbreaking for a condominium building in Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood was a long-awaited sight and sign, even if the project will have just 35 units.
The $80 million project, named 4 East Elm, is the first high-rise condo building to start marketing units on the city's Near North Side since 2007. What's more, just under half of the building, where the prices for half-floor and full-floor units range from $2.1 million to $7 million, is under contract.
Other developments are moving into the marketing phase as well: midsize, high-end projects north of the Chicago River and in the West Loop. A more affordably priced condo tower also is underway in the city's South Loop neighborhood.
  Open link
Their starts are encouraging signs that the downtown condo market is rebounding after several years in which developers focused on apartment buildings.
But make no mistake, the return of for-sale development is baby step by baby step, and most of the projects cater to the less-risky, affluent consumer. Industry watchers predict it will be at least another three to four years before condo projects aimed at entry-level and midmarket buyers gain in popularity with developers and their lenders.
Apartment construction remains hot, although worries are starting to creep in that a bubble is forming. In the past four years, apartment developers have added more than 1,700 units to an area roughly bordered by North Avenue, Cermak Road, parts of the Chicago River and Ashland Avenue, and Lake Michigan, according Appraisal Research Counselors. That compares with 133 condo units in the same time.
8
Some downtown rental towers have seen exceptional demand, despite dizzyingly rents. Most of the units are aimed at young professionals who can't or don't want to buy but can afford rents that start at about $2,000 for small units and plush amenities.
On the opposite end of the building spectrum are some of the latest crop of condos, large lavishly appointed units with high price tags. They're catering to older, more established consumers who can pay cash or qualify for a mortgage, and are looking to move out of smaller downtown condos or are downsizing from the suburbs and want something new.
"There's always been demand for high-end, luxury units," said Jim Letchinger, president of JDL Development Corp., which next week will begin taking reservations for a 70-unit project planned for 21 W. Walton St. where prices will run from just under $2 million to more than $10 million. "It did get quiet because people weren't interested in spending money. Now the demand has come back but there's no product."
In fact, developers are finding they can't build product fast enough.
Belgravia Group Ltd., which took over unfinished West Loop projects before starting its own, has found success with larger, three-bedroom units. Despite raising its prices, its most recent project was sold out shortly after its groundbreaking.
Now Belgravia is trying to acquire a site in the city's River North neighborhood that could become home to 50 condos in a 12- to 14-story building.
"We keep getting calls all the time," said Alan Lev, Belgravia's president and CEO. "Something less than 50 units appears to be the sweet spot."
@mcn4165. Pay the Rush Limbaugh bunch no mind. They're stuck on stupid and will never be fixed.
ronrager
13
DRW Real Estate Holdings' Convexity Properties, which is developing 4 East Elm, was nervous about putting no more than two units on a floor. But marketing partner @properties pushed for larger, more luxurious units, according to @properties co-founder Michael Golden. Originally, prices ran from $500 to $1,000 a square foot. Based on buyer interest, they now range from more than $700 to $1,200 a square foot.
A price tag hovering around $1 million is popular. Related Realty will soon start marketing a 28-unit condo project at 100 W. Huron St. where the smallest, 1,700-square-foot units will start at just under $1 million, according to Related Realty president David Wolf.
Eventually, once the apartment boom runs its course, some apartment towers possibly convert to condos, and there are enough entry-level buyers to satisfy lenders' pre-sale requirements for construction financing, lower-priced condo projects will start taking shape.
"It's a gradual process," said Gail Lissner, a vice president at Appraisal Research. "It reminds me of the '90s. Developers are testing the waters and it's very logical. You don't start out with 500 units."
For current condo owners, the market's dynamics represent a conundrum. If owners bought during the market's run-up, they may be underwater on their mortgage and unable to sell but easily able to exit their unit by turning it into a rental. If owners bought a dozen years ago or more ago, their units look dated.
"Right now, unless you have some vision and some work, (buyers) have to catch it right when it comes on the market," said Joanne Nemerovski, an agent with Berkshire HathawayHomeServices KoenigRubloff. "There's almost nothing on the market for buyers."
That lack of supply is helping push up existing condo prices. For example, during the first seven months of the year, condo sales on the city's Near West Side were down 5.2 percent from a year ago, but the median price rose 8.3 percent, according to Midwest Real Estate Data, the local multiple listing provider
"For the most part, it's a good thing that we haven't been bloated with new construction in the condo market because it has allowed for (price) stabilization," noted Matthew Farrell, managing partner of Urban Real Estate.
When like-new units do come on the market, they don't last long.
Coldwell Banker agent Samuel Ciochon on Wednesday listed a two-bedroom, two-bath condo in a 15-year-old building on Chicago's Near North Side, a unit in which the owner just completed a complete rehab. Listed for $600,000, Ciochon conducted an open house for the unit Sunday, even though the property received an offer Saturday that is now being negotiated.
"I knew it was going to sell really quickly," he said. "It'll set a new price point for the building."

Audi gets first permit to test self-driving cars in CaliforniaCalifornia is the fourth state to grant permits for automakers testing self-driving cars on state roads.
Audi gets first self-driving car permit in California, the car capital of the world.
Think twice next time you tailgate that new Audi in front of you; there might not be a human driving it.
Audi announced Tuesday that it is the first automaker to get a permit from the state of California to test self-driving cars on public roads. New state regulations took effect the same day specifically allowing such testing for the first time in California, per a law signed by Gov. Jerry Brown in 2012.
Caption Self-driving Lexus
Lexus
Lexus showed off this self-driving LS sedan in early 2013. The car uses 360-degree LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) sensing technology on the roof to scan for objects around the car for nearly 230 feet.
Lexus showed off this self-driving LS sedan in early 2013. The car uses 360-degree LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) sensing technology on the roof to scan for objects around the car for nearly 230 feet. (Lexus)
Caption Self-driving Lexus
Lexus
Lexus showed off this self-driving LS sedan in early 2013. The car uses 360-degree LIDAR on the roof to scan for objects around the car for nearly 230 feet.
Lexus showed off this self-driving LS sedan in early 2013. The car uses 360-degree LIDAR on the roof to scan for objects around the car for nearly 230 feet. (Lexus)
Caption Self-driving Lexus
Lexus
Lexus showed off this self-driving LS sedan in early 2013. The car uses 360-degree LIDAR on the roof to scan for objects around the car for nearly 230 feet.
Lexus showed off this self-driving LS sedan in early 2013. The car uses 360-degree LIDAR on the roof to scan for objects around the car for nearly 230 feet. (Lexus)
Caption GM tests autonomous cars
Chevrolet
GM's Opel Insignia research vehicle, right, sold as the Buick Regal in the U.S., is capable of automated driving in urban areas and on highways. The Insignia demonstrates intersection collision avoidance with a Chevrolet EN-V 2.0 electric networked vehicle on Sept. 8.
GM's Opel Insignia research vehicle, right, sold as the Buick Regal in the U.S., is capable of automated driving in urban areas and on highways. The Insignia demonstrates intersection collision avoidance with a Chevrolet EN-V 2.0 electric networked vehicle on Sept. 8. (Chevrolet)
Caption Autonomous Nissan Leaf
Nissan / Wieck
Nissan announced in 2013 that the company would be ready with multiple, commercially viable Autonomous Drive vehicles by 2020.
Nissan announced in 2013 that the company would be ready with multiple, commercially viable Autonomous Drive vehicles by 2020. (Nissan / Wieck)
See more galleries
“Audi is a driving force behind the research taking automated driving from science fiction to pre-production readiness,” Scott Keogh, president of Audi of America, said in a statement. “Obtaining the first permit issued by the state of California shows that we intend to remain the leader in this vital technology frontier.”
The German automaker is one of many that have already started testing self-driving technology elsewhere. Others include Nissan, Mercedes-Benz, Toyota, Ford, GM; many expect to have such vehicles on the road by 2020.

Mark Mobius: Stay away from AlibabaMark Mobius: Stay away from Alibaba
By Andrew Stevens   @CNNMoneyInvest September 17, 2014: 5:01 AM ET
 
Mobius: Alibaba's structure is 'dangerous'
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
One of the world's best-known fund managers has hit out at Alibaba's corporate structure in the lead-up to the Chinese e-commerce giant's IPO on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mark Mobius, emerging market chief for Franklin Templeton Investments, cautioned that Alibaba's structure will leave shareholders with almost no influence over management -- and little legal recourse should problems emerge at the company.
He described the combination as a "very dangerous situation" for shareholders.
Analysts have expressed concern about Alibaba's structure on two fronts. The first is that the company's partners have control over the makeup of the board of directors. Shareholders are left without much of a voice.
Related: 5 risks for investors buying Alibaba shares
The other concern is that Alibaba is listing as a variable interest entity (VIE). Necessary to get around China's strict foreign investment rules, the arrangement produces a complicated ownership structure that could mean major headaches for investors seeking to take legal action against the company.
"You'd have to go to a Chinese court and it would be very difficult, maybe even impossible," Mobius said. "The founders have control of the key assets of the company and if something goes wrong there's nothing you can do about it. This is the bottom line."
 
Alibaba jumpstarts small fashion brand
Alibaba's corporate structure was rejected by the Hong Kong stock exchange during initial talks about a possible listing amid worries over shareholder protections. Alibaba then went to New York where it was cleared for an IPO.
But does Alibaba's stranglehold on the Chinese e-commerce market make it irresistible? Not for Mobius, who cautioned against buying into the IPO.
"My advice for investors is to be very, very cautious and look at the fine print, and don't ... get involved in these things if [you're] not going to have any recourse," he said.
Concerns over the structure of Alibaba do not appear to have dampened investor appetite, though. On Tuesday, during its global roadshow, Alibaba increased the price range for the stock to $66 to $68 a share from $60 to $66, a sign that demand is high.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 4:07 AM ET
Most Popular

Saradha scam: Ex-Assam DGP under probe commits suicideComments
A former Assam director general of police, who was under the CBI scanner in connection with the Saradha scam, allegedly committed suicide at his residence on Wednesday.
Shankar Barua, 63, shot himself in the head minutes after being discharged from a local hospital where he was admitted for four days with an undisclosed ailment, said a police officer who did not wish to be identified.
Barua was taken ill after Sadananda Gogoi, an Assamese singer and filmmaker, was arrested by the CBI on September 12 in Kolkata for his alleged involvement in the scam.
“Doctors declared him dead. An investigation is on,” said AP Tiwari, senior superintendent of police in Guwahati. Following a post-mortem examination the body was cremated last evening.
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities.
Saradha chief Sudipta Sen suggested in a letter to the CBI last year that Barua, the then DGP of Assam police, was paid protection money through Gogoi to run the consortium’s business in the state, sources said.
The CBI raided several locations in the city on August 28, including Barua’s house, and took him to a State Bank of India branch to verify some documents.
A CBI spokesperson, however, said the agency had not launched a formal investigation against Barua. “Reports in certain sections of the media that the ex-DGP, Assam was examined by the CBI are not correct.  He had not been summoned as yet,” the official said.
Barua, a 1974-batch Indian Police Service (IPS) officer, was the director general of Assam police from July 28, 2009 to December 31, 2012. He is survived by his wife, two sons and mother.
“He was an upright and efficient police officer who discharged his duties conscientiously and assiduously,” said Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who stands accused of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of Saradha’s slush funds. A Rajya Sabha MP from her Trinamool Congress party is now in judicial custody and several other leaders are also being investigated in the fraud.
The probe also spread to neighbouring Assam and Odisha, where Saradha ran its Ponzi scheme and had either invested or had planned to invest heavily in a range of business, including the media.

25 Reasons Why Small Businesses Are Betterreddit
Corporate is going out of style. There, I said it. Ask any 18-25 year old where they'd prefer to work; a stuffy, corporate office or an up-and-coming, fresh new start-up. They'd choose the trendy start-up because it's more exciting, it's more interesting and of course, when you're young, you're more likely to take chances in your career.
So why should you work in a start-up and what makes this dynamic so appealing? Here are 25 reasons that I could think of in list form:
1. When working in a small business, you're not just another number on the payroll, you're part of the growth of a company meaning not only is your input absolutely necessary, it's recognised
2. Everybody knows that starting a business comes with some tough lessons. Managers of SMEs and start-ups tend to be more open to suggestions and criticisms than those of established corporations
3. Better lines of communication- that guy you've been desperately trying to get hold of isn't 10 emails and 5 missed calls away, he's at the other side of the office
4. In a start-up, you're more likely to be a jack of all trades which is as educational as it is exciting. A new job from day to day means there'd be no room for feeling bored
5. Less bureaucracy - start-ups and small businesses are of course still bureaucratic but they're not yet at the cold, unwavering level
6. You have the opportunity to see how your contribution fits into the business
7. Challenging - small businesses adapt fast
8. You're in good company - "SMEs accounted for 99.9 per cent of all private sector businesses in the UK"
9. The sky really is the limit and there are plenty of success stories to aspire to. Google, Amazon and Tesco all started out as SME's
10. Working within a smaller workforce means there's opportunity for a more diverse network. You'll be on first name, talking terms with everyone from the IT guy to the CEO
11. Many start-ups and small businesses have great, inspiring cultures that encourage education and growth across the board
12. Due to the passion for growth and learning, there is plenty of opportunity and enthusiasm surrounding exploring other departments
13. There are enhanced opportunities for promotion
15. SMEs have a high level of satisfied employees (Source: University of Kent )
16. There is an exciting range of start-ups out there so even if one doesn't fit as you imagined, there's a lot of encouraging room for improvement career-wise
17. If you have a dream of starting your own business, there's no better place to inspire, educate and motivate you than somewhere that's taking those first footsteps as and when you're working there
18. Passion for the product or service - with so few people in the team, enthusiasm is infectious!
19. Environment - it's often easier for a smaller business to look towards sustainability
20. Networking - the number of inspiring start-ups/SMEs you can connect with is huge
21. It's a very positive working environment- a recent study found that 80% of SMEs are overall optimistic! (Source: AXA )
22. It's an inspiring opportunity to be part of something brand new and it's an investment into your career!
23. There's a lot of space for fun, some start-ups allow flexible working hours and others even have office dogs!
24. Start-ups are hiring, there has never been a better time to get involved
25.  It's a valuable life experience. Not every job you have and leave can be considered as valuable in the long-term but in a start-up you learn patience, you learn to be frugal and you learn the staples of building a business. These are invaluable lessons that can be carried through
If you'd like to keep up-to-date with my posts, then you can check out my blog here .
Follow Emily McLaren on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BordersBurpees
More:

Ready for the Fed Watch these two wordsBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 17, 2014: 8:10 AM ET
 
What the Fed is really saying
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
"Two Words" is a track on Kanye West's debut album. It might as well be the theme song for the market and Federal Reserve too.
When the Fed issues its policy statement on Wednesday afternoon at 2 p.m. ET, the only two words that may matter to Wall Street are "considerable time." Here's why.
The Fed has used these words to describe how long it will be before it starts to raise interest rates again.
The central bank cut its key short-term rate to near zero at the height of the credit crisis/Great Recession in December 2008. Rates have been at those historic lows ever since.
And even though the economic recovery has been painfully slow and inconsistent for many, it still is a recovery.
So are rate hikes coming soon? The answer to that question is also the name of Kanye's collaborator on "Two Words" -- Mos Def. It's just a matter of when.
There will be a lot of words in the Fed's statement. But Wall Street only cares about two.
If "considerable time" remains in the statement, Fed watchers will assume that the central bank is likely to keep rates near zero until next summer.
That's what Wall Street is hoping for right now. Stocks rose on Tuesday after the Wall Street Journal's Fed reporter suggested that "considerable time" is going to stay in the statement.
But if those words are removed, there will be instant speculation (and probably a lot of market jitters) about the Fed possibly moving to raise rates as soon as next spring.
"If the Fed wants to leave the door open for a March interest rate hike, it will need to drop the 'considerable time' language," said Zach Pandl, senior portfolio manager and interest rate strategist at Columbia Management.
"This indecision's bugging me" Pandl thinks the Fed will probably keep those two words in the statement Wednesday.
But obsessing about if they should stay or should they go now may be a moot point. (If they go, there will be trouble?) Pandl said it is a "virtual certainty" that the "considerable time" language will be cut from the Fed's next statement in October.
That makes sense. The Fed is expected to announce Wednesday that it is going to cut, or taper, the size of its monthly bond purchases one last time before ending the program, dubbed quantitative easing or QE, altogether in October. So it will be more appropriate then for the Fed to begin discussing the timing of interest rate hikes.
Related: Market hopes the Fed doesn't fumble interest rates
But not everyone agrees. Steve Van Order, fixed income strategist for Calvert Investments, argues that the Fed should hold off on changing the statement until December. He thinks QE should officially end first before the Fed worries about rate hikes.
Van Order added that the problem with the "considerable time" language is that there is really no consensus on what it exactly means. Janet Yellen goofed in her first press conference as Fed chair back in March when she said it could be six months after QE was over.
But couldn't a "considerable time" be three months? Or nine?
"How much time does the Fed really need to set the market up for a rate hike that is still months away?" Van Order asked.
Rate hikes are coming. Get used to it. Fortunately, it appears that investors are already prepared for the inevitable rate hike.
Bond yields have ticked higher lately, and that's usually what happens when the Fed is getting ready to raise rates. Stocks have been more volatile too.
But investors should also not lose sight of the fact that a rate hike is sorely needed and should be welcomed. It means the economy is finally strong enough to handle higher rates.
The Fed has been in fire-fighting mode for nearly six years. The flames are out. The Fed can put down the hose.
 
Yellen on human toll of unemployment
But the Fed also knows that it shouldn't move so quickly and risk killing the recovery either. That's why it has to continue to focus on the data.
"Yellen will not want to make the mistake of tightening too soon. If they are going to make a mistake, it will be waiting a little too long to raise rates," said Sam Wardwell, investment strategist at Pioneer Investments.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 7:39 AM ET
Most Popular

New IS video warns US over IraqdeploymentThe slick 52-second video entitled "Flames of War" shows militants blowing up tanks and images of wounded US soldiers. Source: AP photo
AP | Beirut | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:05 pm
The militant Islamic State group released a video warning the United States that its fighters are waiting for it in Iraq if President Barack Obama sends troops there, as his top general said may happen if the current strategy of airstrikes fails.
The slick 52-second video entitled “Flames of War” shows militants blowing up tanks and images of wounded US soldiers. It then shows a clip of Obama saying that combat troops will not be returning to Iraq, ending with a text overlay that reads “fighting has just begun.”
The video’s timing, released yesterday, suggested it was a response to Gen Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who said in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee that if the current Iraq strategy doesn’tprevail, he may recommend the use of ground troops.
“To be clear, if we reach the point where I believe our advisers should accompany Iraqi troops on attacks against specific ISIL targets, I will recommend that to the president,” Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, declared in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee. He referred to the militants by an alternative name.
The video was released by the Islamic State group’s Al Hayat media center and was portrayed as a trailer for a longer video to follow. The group operates a sophisticated propaganda machine with slick production techniques, using social media to broadcast a stream of battles, bombings and beheadings to a global audience.
The strategy is aimed at terrorizing opponents at home and winning recruits abroad. The group recently released three videos showing the beheading of two American journalists and a British aid worker.

Kerala migration survey 2014: States youth still fly abroad forlivelhoodPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:54 pm
The Kerala Migration Survey-2014 has found that flow of Keralites to abroad still continues mainly because of the state’s inability to provide suitable jobs for the increasing number of educated youths and the glamour associated with Gulf emigration was still strong among the state’s youth.
The study was conducted by Profs K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released here on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.
“Kerala is not able to create enough jobs suitable for an increasingly larger number of youngsters with a secondary or higher level of education. As long as the employment conditions in Kerala (among the educated youths) does not improve, more of the Kerala youngsters could be expected to try their luck abroad,’’ said the study.
Besides, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still very strong among the Kerala youngsters. This is an important positive factor in their decision to emigrate instead of working in the state.
The sample size of the survey was 14,575 households distributed across Kerala. The reference point in the study is taken as March1, 2014, which is three years after the previous study in 2011.
The number of Kerala emigrants as estimated by the migration survey in 2014 is 23.63 lakhs. The corresponding number was 22.81 lakhs in 2011, 21.93 lakhs in 2008, 18.38 lakhs in 2003 and 13.62 lakhs in 1998. These numbers indicate that emigration from Kerala has been increasing since 1998. Between 2011 and 2014, the total number of emigrants from Kerala increased by about 81,000.
The report said remittances to Kerala have continued to grow ever since Keralites started migrating to the Gulf region. Total remittances to Kerala during the 12-month period ending in  March 1, 2014 were Rs 72,680 crores.
This amount is about 46 percent higher than the remittances in 2011. These numbers indicate that the rate of growth of remittances has accelerated in recent years in spite of the slowing down of the annual increase of emigration from the state since 2008.
The total of all the household remittances in Kerala during the 12 month period prior to 1st March 2014 was Rs 15,129 crores. The corresponding remittance in 2008 was Rs 12, 511 crores.
Out of the total remittances of Rs 15,129 crores, Rs 7029 crores were received by the Muslim community alone. This amounts to about 46.5 percent of the total remittances. This percentage is higher than the per cent of Muslim emigrants which was only 43.5 percent.
In the total population of Kerala, Muslim population is only about 26.5 percent and Muslim households are only 21.8 percent of the total households in the state. According to both per capita-wise and household-wise analysis, Muslims in Kerala receive a much higher continued…
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.

Manhunt continues for man suspected of shooting Pennsylvania state troopersBy Mark Berman September 17 Follow @markberman
Pennsylvania State Police troopers block a highway in Blooming Grove, Pa. (Michael J. Mullen/The Times-Tribune via AP )
Hundreds of law enforcement officers continue to search for the man police say ambushed and shot two Pennsylvania state troopers last week, killing one and seriously injuring the other. As the search for the suspected shooter entered its sixth day Wednesday, schools in the area announced that they were canceling classes in response.
Shooting suspect Eric Matthew Frein (Pennsylvania State Police via European Pressphoto Agency)
Police in Pennsylvania on Tuesday identified Eric Matthew Frein, 31, as  the suspect they had charged with the shootings . Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said that Frein is “armed and extremely dangerous,” describing him as a highly-trained survivalist who has expressed a desire to kill police officers and other people.
“He has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder,” Noonan said during a news conference. “What his reasons are, we don’t know. But he has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society.”
Cpl. Bryon Dickson was killed in the shooting, which occurred Friday night near a police barracks in Blooming Grove, Pa., in the northeastern part of the state. Alex Douglass, the other trooper, was seriously wounded. State police say they were shot without warning while Dickson was leaving the barracks and Douglass was arriving.
Two school districts not far from the barracks were closed on Wednesday as law enforcement officers continued to search the region.
The Pocono Mountain School District announced that its 10 schools would be closed Wednesday. This was “due to safety concerns for our students at bus stops with an armed and dangerous gunman still on the loose in the area,” the district said in a statement. In addition, all school athletic events and practices were also canceled. The Wallenpaupack Area School District also announced that it would close, although no explanation was given.
Police say that they were able to identify Frein after a Jeep was found partially submerged in a pond near the barracks. After a man discovered the vehicle Monday, police found shell casings inside that matched those found near the barracks. They also found Frein’s driver’s license, Social Security card and empty rifle casings in the car.
A police affidavit released Tuesday said that Frein’s father, a retired Army major, described his son as a skilled marksman who “doesn’t miss,” according to the Associated Press .
 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Flipkart  Amazon  Snapdeal s low prices irk tradersLow prices at Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal irk traders
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 23:18 IST
IT and telecom products traders' association ADCTA on Wednesday asked its about 25,000 members across country to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals and retailers if they sell any product below the price at which they have originally purchased it.
"A few companies namely Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon etc are selling the goods through Internet. In most of the cases, these companies are selling fast moving goods at a much lesser price than purchase price. ADCTA advises dealers/distributors/suppliers to stop supplying goods to online companies in case these companies offer the same product less than purchase price," ADCTA said in statement.
Many technology products such as mobile phones, tablet are available online at lesser price than in retail stores, impacting adversely their business by traders.
When contacted an Amazon India spokesperson said: "We are a marketplace. We do not determine prices. Our sellers decide what to sell on our platform and at what price points."
A Flipkart spokesperson said: "The prices on our site are decided by our sellers. As a marketplace, we simply facilitate a platform where the sellers can connect with potential customers."
The All Delhi Computer Traders Association Joint Secretary Swarn Singh alleged that some of the retailers have partnered with e-commerce firms to supply them product at prices lesser than product's landing cost in the country and e-commerce firms bear the differential cost.
"We are channel partners. Almost all sales in retail market happens through us. We are aware of landing price of product at customs. ADCTA has written to government agencies to investigate in the matter," Singh said.
No comments could be obtained from Snapdeal.

Patel would have kept all Kashmir with India: AmitShahPrint
Written by Harsha Raj Gatty | Gorta (bidar) | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:56 pm
BJP president Amit Shah said on Wednesday that all of Kashmir would have been under India’s control — with no need for Article 370 — if only Vallabhbhai Patel, and not Jawaharlal Nehru, had been in charge of the situation after independence.
“Even today, a big part of Kashmir is under Pakistan. I don’t have any hesitation in saying that if the Kashmir issue had been handled by Sardar Patel instead of Jawaharlal Nehru, then a part of Kashmir would not have gone under Pakistan, and Article 370 too would not have been required, because Kashmir would then have been like any other territory of India,” Shah said.
There would also have been no question of UN intervention in Kashmir had Patel, who oversaw the unification of Hyderabad, had been in charge of assimilating Kashmir as well, he said.
The BJP president was speaking in the north Karnataka district of Bidar, at an event to mark the 66th anniversary of the unification of the former princely, Nizam-ruled province of Hyderabad with India. This was Shah’s first visit to Karnataka after taking charge of the BJP.
He laid the foundation for a statue of the Sardar and a “memorial to martyrs” in the tiny village of Gorta, which was formerly a part of the princely Hyderabad state. The BJP is building the memorial in memory of villagers who were killed, allegedly by the Nizam’s irregular army of Razakars, for raising the national flag in the village on May 9, 1948. A few months later, Sardar Patel launched ‘Operation Polo’ against the Nizam, during which Indian forces defeated the Razakars and completed the annexation of Hyderabad.
The Sardar’s action prevented the alignment of Hyderabad with Pakistan, Shah said.
“If today this former Nizam state is part of India, the credit must go to Sardar Patel. It is because of his determination and his ability that we are all together, we have to always remember this,” Shah said. “On this day of liberation from the old Nizam state, I pay rich tributes to Sardar Patel on behalf of all countrymen.” And yet, Patel had died poor, and his family remained invisible in independent India — in sharp contrast to Nehru’s family, Shah said.
“Have you ever heard of the whereabouts of Sardar Patel’s family? Despite being a visionary and the unifier of India, the former advocate died with barely a few hundred rupees in his possession,” he said.
The princely state of Hyderabad was spread over parts of what are today Karnataka, Telangana and Maharashtra. The BJP under Shah seeks to use the narrative of the Gorta resistance in its campaign to expand its base in election bound Maharashtra, as well as in Telangana and Karnataka. Despite uncertain historical evidence, the BJP has labelled the alleged killings at Gorta the “Jallianwala Bagh of South India”. The “martyrs memorial”, scheduled to be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 17, 2015, will cost Rs 27 lakh, contributed by young BJP workers from 54,000 polling booths in Karnataka.
Shah described the losses suffered continued…
There would also have been no question of UN intervention in Kashmir had Patel, who oversaw the unification of Hyderabad, had been in charge of assimilating Kashmir as well, he said.

Former McKinsey India chief is Modi govts first corporaterecruitNarendra Modi has appointed former McKinsey India chairman Adil Zainulbhai as the chief of the Quality Council of India (QCI). (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:53 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 4:13 am
In the first major lateral hire by the NDA government, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has appointed former McKinsey India chairman Adil Zainulbhai as the chief of the Quality Council of India (QCI). His appointment comes at a time when Modi has announced his vision of making India a global manufacturing hub with international standards in production and quality, an area where the QCI is expected to play a key role.
Zainulbhai’s appointment for a three-year term, which, according to sources was done by the Prime Minister, marks the first such hiring from the private sector by the NDA government. The UPA government had earlier roped in a number of experts from the private sector, including former TCS chief S Ramadorai and HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh, in advisory roles to help in policy making.
“The QCI has done a very good job of establishing quality benchmarks in India. But in order to fulfil the nation’s plan and create more manufacturing in India, or as the PM said ‘Make in India’, we will have to do more to imbibe the quality culture in Indian manufacturing,” Zainulbhai told The Indian Express.
Zainulbhai, who is currently serving as a senior adviser with McKinsey India, is also on the boards of Reliance Industries, the American India Foundation, Saifee Hospital, Saifee Burhani Upliftment Trust, Network 18 as well as on the advisory board of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.
According to sources, in keeping with the Prime Minister’s vision of turning India into a global manufacturing hub, the QCI is expected to focus on creating further quality benchmarks in the sector and will also expand its focus to look at more service sectors.
Zainulbhai succeeds former Planning Commission member Arun Maira as the full-time chief of QCI. Maira’s term ended in late 2013, after which the DIPP Secretary served as the officiating chairman.
Established in 1997, the QCI is a non-profit autonomous body jointly set up by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion and the three industry chambers — Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) — to establish and implement the national accreditation structure and promote quality through National Quality Campaign.
Since inception, the council has been led by India Inc heads, including former Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata and TVS Motors CMD Venu Srinivasan.
The government is also understood to have appointed R P Singh, IGNOU regional director, as Secretary-General of the QCI. According to sources, the governing council of the QCI, which has 38 members including industry representatives as well as government ministries, is expected to meet soon to discuss its new role and responsibilities. Apart from continued…

Meeting between Xi and Modi a courtesy discussion:MEAPrime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:37 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:47 pm
The brief talk between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping, on the first day of his India visit here on Wednesday, was a “courtesy discussion” and a formal summit meeting between the two leaders will be held in Delhi tomorrow, according to Ministry of External Affairs (MEA).
“This is just a get-together. No formal talks were held. He (Modi) has welcomed him (Xi) as his guest, has appreciated his (Xi’s) coming here in Ahmedabad and thanked him (Xi),” MEA Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin informed.
“It was just a courtesy discussion and formal talks will be held tomorrow in Delhi,” he said in response to a query on the issues discussed between Modi and Xi during their brief one-to-one talk before signing of three MoUs between State of Gujarat and China.
The Chinese President, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, started his three-day India visit from Ahmedabad on Wednesday and has left to Delhi late in the evening.
State authorities rolled out the red carpet as Xi, the first Chinese leader to visit Gujarat, was given a warm welcome after an Air China special aircraft carrying him and his delegation landed at the airport in the afternoon where he was accorded a police guard of honour.
Giant billboards in Mandarin, Gujarati and English were put up at various places here to welcome the Chinese leader. The three pacts signed today include making Guangzhou city in China and Ahmedabad as sister cities, setting up of industrial parks in this state and an agreement between Guangdong province and the Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, officials said.
The agreement, aimed at developing industrial parks, was signed between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat Government. It envisages promoting the bilateral trade and setting up of industrial parks in the state, especially for electronics and electrical goods.
While an agreement was signed between Guangdong province and Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, another MoU was inked between Guangzhou city and Ahmedabad, to make them sister cities.

Let the Fed word games beginLet the Fed word games begin
By: Adam Shell September 17, 2014 6:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen will square off with reporters today in a press conference, and the focus will be on interest rate policy. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) ORG XMIT: DCPM106)
After all the debate and handwringing this week over the words “considerable time,” it’s almost time to find out if the wordsmiths at the Federal Reserve will throw Wall Street a curve ball or a fat pitch down the middle of the plate that bullish investors can hit out of the New York Stock Exchange.
At 2 p.m. ET today, the financial world will finally know if the Fed keeps in its market-friendly language and sticks to its earlier pledge of not raising short-term interest rates for a “considerable time” after it ends its bond-buying program this fall.
Fed sleuths will quickly canvass the Fed statement to see if the infamous phrase is still spelled out in black ink.
If the two words are included — even if they come with qualifiers — investors will likely interpret that as meaning the Janet Yellen-led Fed is in not as much of a rush to raise rates as some pundits suggest. A 100-point rally for the Dow Jones industrial average Tuesday suggests the bulls are betting that Yellen lives up to her dovish, or market friendly, reputation — preferring to make sure the economy is able to sustain its recovery on its own before the Fed starts hiking rates.
But, if the Fed deletes those two words it will force financial markets to read the new Fed script ever more closely in search of new hints pertaining to when and how fast the inevitable rate hikes will come next year. Wall Street is now betting on mid-2015, but the fear is the Fed moves earlier in response to a better economy and job market.

Mice given human brain gene learned tasks faster: studyresearch
In a study designed to assess how partially 'humanising' brains of a different species affects key cognitive functions, scientists reported that mice carrying a human gene associated with language learned new ways to find food in mazes faster than normal mice.
By isolating the effects of one gene, the work sheds light on its function and hints at the evolutionary changes that led to the unique capabilities of the human brain.
For the study, scientists used hundreds of mice genetically engineered to carry the human version of Foxp2, a gene linked to speech and language. In a 2009 study, mice carrying human Foxp2 developed more-complex neurons and more-efficient brain circuits.
Building on that, neuroscientists led by Christiane Schreiweis and Prof. Ann Graybiel of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) trained mice to find chocolate in a maze. The animals had two options: use landmarks like lab equipment and furniture visible from the maze or by the feel of the floor.
Mice with the human gene learned the route as well by seven days as regular mice did by 11, scientists reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Surprisingly, however, when the scientists removed all the landmarks in the room, so mice could only learn by the feel-of-the-floor rule, the regular rodents did as well as the humanized ones. They also did just as well when the landmarks were present but the floor textiles were removed.
It was only when mice could use both learning techniques that those with the human brain gene excelled.
That suggested, Prof. Graybiel said, that what the human gene does is increase cognitive flexibility: it lets the brain segue from remembering consciously in what's called declarative learning to remembering unconsciously.
Unconscious, or procedural, learning is the kind the feel-of-the-floor cue produced - the mice didn't have to consciously think about the meaning of rough or smooth. They felt, they turned - much as people stop consciously thinking about directions on a regular route and navigate automatically.
"No one knows how the brain makes transitions from thinking about something consciously to doing it unconsciously," Prof. Graybiel said. "But mice with the human form of Foxp2 did much better."
If Foxp2 produces the cognitive flexibility to switch between forms of learning, that may help explain its role in speech and language.
When children learn to speak, they transition from consciously mimicking words they hear to speaking automatically. That suggests that switching from declarative to procedural memory, as the humanised mice did so well thanks to Foxp2, "is a crucial part of the process," Prof. Graybiel said.

Pelosi: 49ers Should Have Benched McDonaldpelosi: 49ers should have benched mcdonald
Prosecutors in Ty Warner tax evasion case grilled by appeals court judges2
Warner pleaded guilty last year to one count of tax evasion for failing to report more than $24 million in income and skirting $5.5 million in federal taxes on millions of dollars he hid for more than a decade at two Swiss banks. Prosecutors had been pushing for a sentence of at least one year in prison, partly to deter others from committing the same crime. Sentencing guidelines had called for a prison sentence of up to 57 months. His defense lawyers  had argued that many tax evaders were allowed to join an amnesty program and that, even among those criminally charged and convicted, more than half who had been sentenced received probation.
Ilana Rovner, a U.S. appeals court judge for the seventh circuit, said Wednesday that she had a problem reconciling why the government was seeking to throw out Warner’s sentence when many tax evaders get probation or might not be prosecuted at all. Also, the amount of tax he evaded was a fraction of what he has paid in taxes, she noted.
Warner has already paid a civil penalty for not reporting the offshore accounts and restitution for what he owed in back taxes and interest.
“He has paid a great deal in taxes,” Michelle Petersen, assistant U.S. attorney, acknowledged to Rovner. But Petersen said that $5.5 million was a lot of money to be missing from the Treasury Department.
Rovner also noted that prosecutors seem to be ignoring the “considerable discretion” of the district judge, Charles Kocoras, has in imposing a sentence. He is a “veteran” judge who “obviously agonized” over the decision, she said. 
Responded Petersen: “Judges make mistakes from time to time.”
Judge Michael Kanne noted that Warner’s guilty plea “saved the government some money” and that the appeals court “shouldn’t be the sentencing court.”
Judge Joel Flaum wondered why, if Warner’s conduct was so egregious, he was charged with only one count of tax evasion and why the government was seeking at minimum at least a year in prison.
Rovner chimed in, addressing Petersen: “You agreed to this.”
Judge Kanne noted that one count of tax evasion and a minimum prison sentence of a year “doesn’t sound like deterrence to me.”
Petersen responded that probation is a far more lenient sentence than the minimum of one year the government was seeking.
Responded Kanne: And “a year and a day is less than 57 months.”
Any prison sentence would have been a better deterrent than probation, Petersen said.
byerak@tribune.com

How to Get the Best Deals on Airline Ticketshow to get the best deals on airline tickets
India can become major export hub by 2030: HSBCComments
India has the potential to become the world’s fifth-largest exporter of goods by 2030 with the textile industry set to regain its place as the global garment hub, an HSBC report said.
“Despite struggling with a number of structural impediments to growth, prospects for medium-term growth in trade remain strong,” the HSBC report said.
“The economic potential for India remains strong, with the growing population and rapidly expanding middle class — it presents opportunities for business. India is forecast to emerge as the world’s largest middle-class market, surpassing both China and US,” said Sandeep Uppal, MD and head, commercial banking, HSBC India.
The report comes barely a fortnight before the government’s planned unveiling of a new five-year Foreign Trade Policy that will likely include sops to spur export and incentives for domestic value-added products — the proportion of exports truly produced in India, which will be dovetailed with the “Make in India” programme that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will unveil later this month.
A higher DVA component in exports is important for creatting jobs and boosting domestic manufacturing. “The DVA component in Indian exports has been declining — alternatively the foreign value-added (FVA) portion of exports has been on the rise,” Crisil said in a recent research report.
The HSBC report said that the UAE is likely to remain India’s top export destination by 2030, and China is forecast to emerge as the second-largest export market, displacing the US.

Considerable Time : Why These Two Words Matter for MarketsYou are here: Home Market
Financial Markets Awaiting Any Fed Signal On Rates
Associated Press | Updated On: September 17, 2014 12:24 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Washington: Financial markets are awaiting the end of a Federal Reserve meeting later today to see whether the Fed sends any clearer signal about the timing of an interest rate increase.
The phrase that investors will be alert for is "considerable time." The presence or absence of those two words is viewed as key to the Fed's timetable for a change in its key short-term rate. The Fed has kept that rate at a record low since December 2008.
Since March, the Fed has said it expects to keep this rate near zero for a "considerable time" after it stops buying Treasurys and mortgage bonds. The bond purchases have been intended to keep long-term rates down to support the economy.
But the purchases are set to end in November. So the Fed may soon want to use some phrasing other than "considerable time" to signify when it might start raising rates. It could sub out that phrase in this week's statement. Or it could wait until its next meeting in October.
Whatever the statement says when the Fed's two-day meeting ends, Chair Janet Yellen will be pressed when she meets with reporters later to clarify the Fed's intentions.
Investors will also parse updated economic forecasts that the Fed will release later today for any further clues to a rate increase.
Most economists think the Fed will raise rates starting around mid-2015. But as the US economy has strengthened, speculation has intensified about whether it might do so sooner, perhaps by March.
With job growth solid, manufacturing and construction growing and unemployment at a near-normal 6.1 per cent, many analysts think the Fed is edging closer to a rate increase to prevent a rising economy from igniting inflation. If so, it might send such a signal by dropping "considerable time" and substituting other language to suggest a likely rate hike by early 2015.
On the other hand, the Fed could drop "considerable time" but substitute vaguer language suggesting it might wait longer to raise rates than many expect. Yellen has cautioned that the drop in unemployment may overstate the job market's improvement. She has said the Fed also takes into account the number of people unemployed for more than six months; the number of part-timers who want full-time work; and average wages. Those measures remain less than healthy.
Some economists think the Fed is not inclined to make major changes in its policy statement at the moment.
"All the trend lines for the economy look pretty good right now," said Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics. "I don't think the Fed wants to upset the apple cart."
Over the past several years, the Fed's ultra-low rates have helped the economy, cheered the stock market and shrunk mortgage rates. A rate increase could threaten to reverse those trends.
In August, US employers added just 142,000 jobs, well below the 212,000 average of the previous 12 months. The slowdown was seen as likely temporary. But some analysts say it underscored that the economic outlook may remain too hazy for the Fed to signal an earlier-than-expected rate hike.
The Fed was reminded last year that markets are highly sensitive to signals about the end of a prolonged period of low rates. In June 2013, when Chairman Ben Bernanke suggested that the Fed might start slowing its bond purchases before year's end, the stock market plunged over two days. And bond rates headed up, slowing the housing recovery and jolting developing countries that had benefited from ultra-low U.S. rates.
"The adverse market reaction last year really did scare the Fed," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial. "For that reason, they are treading cautiously now."
 

Will not to invest in any domestic airline: EmiratesAP Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, Prime Minister of UAE and ruler of Dubai (centre) descends the stairs of an Emirates A380.
TOPICS
air transport
Dubai-based Emirates Airline on Wednesday said that it will not invest in any of the Indian domestic passenger carriers and that it will grow its operational organically in India.
“We at Emirates believe in growing our business organically,” Essa Sulaiman Ahmad, vice president, India and Nepal for Emirates said adding that there are no plans to invest in any of the Indian passenger carriers by the Dubai-based airline. Currently, the Dubai-based airline flies to 10 Indian destinations with a frequency of 185 flights per week.
Emirates decision not to invest in any of the Indian passenger carriers assumes significance as last year, Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways invested in Jet Airways by buying out a 24 per cent stake for Rs. 2,069 crore.
After the transaction Etihad has been expanding its operations in India and giving tough competition to other airlines with its partner Jet Airways. Both the airlines are doling out offers to attract flyers.
Apart from Jet Airways, Air India too has joined global interline network of Star Alliance to provide more destinations and seamless travel connectivity to its passengers.
Interestingly, according to Airport Authority of India (AAI) data, Emirates market share stands at the third position as the largest outbound airline at 10.8 percent. It is preceded by Jet at second place and Air India as the largest carrier of Indians abroad.
In terms of bring the jumbo A380 in to Delhi, Mr. Ahmad said that there are no plans as such. In July the Dubai-based airlines started daily flights between Mumbai and Dubai with the Airbus A380.
The airline becomes the second international passenger carrier to operate into India with Airbus A380. The super jumbo can accommodate up to 853 passengers in a single-class configuration and a capacity of 525 passengers in a three-class configuration.
A unique feature on the Emirates A380 is the on-board shower spas for first class passengers.

ICVL for recasting itself  moves Steel MinNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 16:48 IST
ICVL for recasting itself, moves Steel Min
PTI
coal
International Coal Ventures has approached the Steel Ministry with a proposal to restructure itself as NTPC and CIL are no longer willing to stay put in the special purpose vehicle as promoters.
Government sources said the proposal would be taken up soon for consideration and if the “inevitable” happens SAIL, RINL and NMDC, three firms under Steel Ministry, would share among themselves NTPC’s and CIL’s combined 42 per cent stake in ICVL.
International Coal Ventures Ltd (ICVL) was set up in 2009 for acquiring coal mines abroad with an initial authorised capital of about Rs. 10,000 crore. SAIL and CIL each hold 28 per cent stake in the venture while RINL, NMDC and NTPC have 14 per cent each.
“The Steel Ministry has been requested for restructuring ICVL in view of CIL and NTPC not evincing interest in the company as promoters,” the source said.
Justifying the “inevitability” of restructuring, he said after showing initial interests, NTPC and CIL grew an apathy on their continuing as promoters as their interests were in direct contrast to that of ICVL, which is more keen on buying coking coal assets used for steel making.
“NTPC and CIL have already expressed their reluctance to remain associated with ICVL. It is better to take a call now than keeping the issue hanging in the balance. The Ministry of Steel will take a call soon,” the source said.
The matter came into the spotlight once again in recent times following ICVL’s acquisition of Rio Tinto’s Mozambique coal assets. NTPC and CIL against showed their reservations on taking part in ICVL’s maiden deal, announced in July. SAIL, RINL and NMDC then formed an SPV for buying the assets.
“The reluctance of NTPC and CIL in buying assets together have perhaps irked the management of ICVL and its key members.
Writing to the Steel Ministry for restructuring itself could perhaps be a fall out of that,” the source said.
The $50 million Mozambique deal of ICVL involves 65 per cent stake buy in Benga and 100 per cent each in Zambeze and Tete East coal assets. Tata Steel has the remaining 35 per cent stake in the operating Benga mine.
These assets have an estimated reserve of 2.6 billion tonnes in which 70 per cent deposits are coking coal and the remaining 30 per cent are of thermal coal.

Emami declares 400% interim dividend for FY15New Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 17:19 IST
Emami declares 400% interim dividend for FY‘15
PTI
consumer goods
FMCG firm Emami on Wednesday approved a 400 per cent interim dividend for its shareholders for 2014-15 fiscal.
The Kolkata-based company’s board, which met on Wednesday, recommended an interim dividend of 400 per cent or Rs. 4 per share for FY 2014-15, Emami Ltd said in a statement. “The Board of Directors has declared this interim dividend in view of the continuing strong financial performance by the company,” Emami Ltd’s director Mohan Goenka said.
The consolidated net sales of the company grew by over 25 per cent during the first quarter of FY 2014-15 with 27 per cent growth in EBIDTA, he added. “Our power brands continue to perform strongly, impacting market sentiments positively and enhancing shareholder value. Our new launches also continue to perform well, meeting our expectations,” Emami Ltd director Harsha V. Agarwal said.
Emami shares on Wednesday closed at Rs. 704.10 apiece on the BSE, down 1.33 per cent from its previous close.

 US Consumer Prices Post 1st Drop in Nearly 1-1/2 YearsE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Washington: US consumer prices fell for the first time in nearly 1-1/2 years in August and underlying inflation pressures were muted, potentially reducing the urgency for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates.
The Labor Department on Wednesday said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.2 per cent last month as a broad decline in energy prices offset increases in food and shelter costs.
It was the first decline since April last year and followed a 0.1 per cent gain in July.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast consumer prices being flat in August. The CPI increased 1.7 per cent in the 12 months through August, the smallest advance in five months, after rising 2.0 per cent in July.
Inflation has cooled somewhat after an acceleration in the second quarter, which had fanned speculation of an early interest rate hike from the Fed.
Stripping out food and energy prices, the so-called core CPI was unchanged last month for the first time since October 2010 after nudging up 0.1 per cent in July.
In the 12 months through August, the core CPI rose 1.7 per cent, slowing down from July's 1.9 per cent increase. It was also the smallest gain since March.
The Fed targets 2 per cent inflation and it tracks an index that is running even lower than the CPI.
The dollar fell against a basket of currencies on the data, while prices for US government debt rose.
The CPI report was released ahead of the conclusion of the US central bank's two-day policy meeting. The Fed is scheduled to release its policy statement at 1800 GMT (11:30 p.m. in India), which will be watched for signals on the timing of the first interest rate increase.
Many economists expect the US central bank to tighten monetary policy in the second half of 2015. It has kept its benchmark overnight lending rate near zero since December 2008.
In August, energy prices fell for a second straight month and recorded their biggest decline since March 2013. There were broad declines in energy prices, with gasoline plunging 4.1 per cent after declining 0.3 per cent in July.
Food prices rose 0.2 per cent after advancing 0.4 per cent in July as the effects of a drought in California linger.
The core CPI was dampened by a second straight month of sharp declines in airline fares. Falling apparel and used car prices also weighed. Recreation prices recorded their largest drop since December 2009, while household furnishings declined.
Rents increased 0.2 per cent last month after rising 0.3 per cent in July. Prices for alcoholic beverages posted their largest increase since January 2007.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 19:45 (IST)

India  China sign three Gujarat-specific pactsUpdated: September 20, 2014 08:19 IST
Government to aid land acquisition for Chinese industrial parks in Gujarat
Rahi Gaikwad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping watch a cultural performance as they walk on the Sabarmati river front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with President of China Xi Jinping watch Gujarati folk dance. Photo: Vivek Bendre
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping witness the signing of three Gujarat-specific agreements in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chines President Xi Jinping wave before their meeting in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Courtesy: DIPR, Gujarat Prime Minister Narendra Modi recieves Chinese President Xi Jinping at Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Mr. Xi's wife, Peng Liyuan, is also seen.
Reuters Chinese President Xi Jinping is the first high-profile foreign dignitary to begin his India visit from Gujarat. File photo
TOPICS
India-China
China will set up industrial parks in several areas in Gujarat
Trade and cooperation were in focus on the first day of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit on Wednesday as provincial officials of the two nations inked agreements in the areas of governance and industry.
The agreements were signed at a function in the presence of Mr. Xi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and dignitaries from China, Gujarat and leading industrialists.
Adani Group chairman Gautam Adani and heads of Gujarat-based businesses were among the special invitees for the occasion.
One MoU was signed between China Development Bank and iNDEXTb (Industrial Extension Bureau) – a State government body for facilitating investments — to encourage Chinese investment in Gujarat, especially in the manufacturing sector. As per the understanding China will set up industrial parks in several areas in Gujarat beginning from Vadodara. The Gujarat government will facilitate land acquisition and provide requisite clearances for these parks so that Chinese manufacturers, chiefly in electrical, electronics, plastics and plastic processing are able to set up their units in Gujarat. The MoU will be in force for three years.
The event also saw the signing of a State-to-State agreement between the governments of Gujarat and Guangdong Province in south China for cooperation in trade, education, culture, urban planning and infrastructure . Another agreement was signed to establish sister city relations between Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong and the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. Both the agreements will be in force for five years.
“We hope the agreements will be a new beginning in the relationship between India and China and Gujarat. In general, Chinese investment in India is not much, but the country is looking to increase its investment starting with Gujarat,” D.J. Pandian, Additional Chief Secretary (Industries & Mines), Gujarat, said.

A downed U.S. aircraft in Iraq or Syria could mean boots on the groundBy Thomas Gibbons-Neff September 17 Follow @Tmgneff
A U.S. Marine Corps MV-22 Osprey aircraft with Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron (VMM) 263 (Reinforced), 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU), departs the flight deck of the USS Mesa Verde in August. If a U.S. aircraft were to crash in Iraq or Syria, the U.S. military would potentially send in Marines as part of a search-and-rescue mission, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told Congress on Tuesday. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Staff Sgt. Lukas Atwell)
As the air war over Iraq intensifies and the Obama administration considers striking Islamic State targets in Syria, the possibility of an American aircraft going down over enemy territory is growing rapidly, and with it the potential to put American troops in direct combat in the event they are deployed to recover lost pilots.
On Tuesday Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) proposed a hypothetical question to Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, regarding his willingness to conduct a search and rescue operation and subsequently put “boots on the ground” if an American plane were to be shot down.
“Yes and yes,” said Dempsey, the military’s top officer.
While the Pentagon has remained silent on whether U.S. aircraft operating over Iraq have been hit by hostile fire, U.S. Central Command did confirm that two jets have been forced to make landings in Turkey due to mechanical problems. Though there were no injuries, but those instances illustrate the real risk of an aircraft crashing absent of hostile action.
If a sortie were to go awry for whatever reason, U.S. or friendly forces would launch a Tactical Recovery of Aircraft and Personnel (TRAP) mission, similar to one conducted during the Libyan conflict in 2011 when an Air Force F-15E crashed east of Benghazi.
The mission, carried out by aircraft and 30 Marines from the 26th Marine Expeditionary unit, reached the downed aircraft’s pilot relatively soon after he had ejected, while Libyan rebels protected the co-pilot in a hotel.
Because of the Marine unit’s position just over 100 nautical miles off the Libyan coast and the relative security at the F-15’s crash site, the TRAP mission went without incident. Yet, the operation still required multiple platoons of Marines, two CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters, two MV-22 Ospreys, two AV-8B Harriers and a refueling tanker, according to Marine Corps Times .
In the event that an aircraft goes down over Islamic State controlled territory in say, Syria, the recovery mission would be exponentially harder said an active duty Force Reconnaissance Marine who was deployed with the 26th MEU in 2011.
“You never know what’s going to happen when you hit the ground,” he said.
The Marine, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not permitted to speak to the media, elaborated on the amount of equipment and resources needed to recover pilots from a downed aircraft.
“You have at least two aircraft that you’re going out on,” the Marine said, referring to the amount of transport helicopters needed to move a minimum of 30 Marines to the downed aircraft.
The 30 would be split into two sections, he said. Half would provide security, while the other half would recover the pilots and destroy or recover sensitive material left at the crash site.
“While it’s a relatively small footprint on the ground, we always had an infantry unit nearby and a number of support aircraft in the overhead,” he said, referring to jets and other aircraft that could provide covering fire if the mission met any resistance.
Staff Sgt. John Strobridge, a Force Reconnaissance Marine who had extensive training in TRAP missions before he left the service, highlighted the probable difficulty of getting recovery personnel deep into Syria in the event of a shoot-down.
“What type of aircraft has that kind of range and how available is it?” asked Strobridge, adding that airfields would need to be set up close to the Syrian border in order to facilitate recovery missions.
“Not to mention you need to think about the support for them.”
While American forces have gone into Syria before, most notably in a failed attempt to rescue captured journalist James Foley, it is unclear where those helicopters launched from and how much material was needed to support the mission.
“It’s not as easy as it sounds,” Strobridge said.
Craig Whitlock contributed to this report.
Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a Washington Post contributor and a former U.S. infantry Marine.

Why no CBI probe against 93 other blacklisted NGOs: Khurshid s wife to CentreAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Coalgate: Court to hear case against two government servants on October 16
0
New Delhi: A special court on Wednesday fixed October 1 for hearing a coal block allocation case, in which the Delhi High Court recently quashed charges against Chhattisgarh-based Prakash Industries Ltd and its director.
The matter was fixed for October 1 after CBI said that it required time to examine as to which of the alleged offences against the two remaining accused, who were public servants, should sustain and what evidence was to be led now.
"Senior public prosecutors for CBI, however, stated that as they have been appointed (recently), before proceeding further for recording of prosecution evidence they would first like to go through the file to examine for which of the offences the trial against the two public servants shall continue and what evidence is to be led now," Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar said.
The court also asked the CBI prosecutor and investigating officer to prepare a fresh list of witnesses and also mention the reason for examining them.
#coalgate #coal sca #coal #cbi
The court also asked the CBI prosecutor and investigating officer to prepare a fresh list of witnesses and also mention the reason for examining them. The High Court on September 5 had quashed the charges of cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy framed against Prakash Industries Ltd (PIL) and its Director (Corporate Affairs) AK Chaturvedi.
The trial court had earlier framed charges of cheating, forgery and corruption against Executive Secretary Goutam Kumar Basak and Manager (F&A) Soumen Chatterjee of the Ministry of Steel's Joint Plant Committee (JPC) for allegedly giving misleading report on production capacity of PIL.
The JPC was set up in 1964 by the government for formulating guidelines for production, allocation and pricing of iron and steel and is the only institution which is officially empowered by the Ministry of Steel to collect data on iron and steel industry.
The trial court had also found prima facie evidence to frame charges against PIL and its Director Chaturvedi.
1

Home builder confidence hits highest level in nine yearsHome builder confidence hits highest level in nine years
Homes under construction in Irvine.
Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times
Homes under construction in Irvine on Aug. 19.
Homes under construction in Irvine on Aug. 19. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times)
Home builders outlook best in nine years on stronger job, housing market
Builders' outlook grows sunnier by the month. Will they start building now?
Home builders have a little more spring in their step this fall.
8
An industry trade group reported Wednesday that optimism among builders of single-family homes is at its highest level since 2005 amid an improving job market and solid demand.
The National Assn. of Home Builders said its confidence index climbed in September for the fourth straight month, to 59, its best mark since November 2005. Anything above 50 is generally considered positive.
Home builders are feeling better about their prospects these days. ( Tim Logan )
Builders were most bullish in their expectations for sales over the next six months. Current sales and traffic of prospective buyers scored lower.
It remains to be seen if builders’ sunnier outlook translates into more actual building. Construction of new homes has been rather muted in this recovery, especially at lower price points targeted to first-time buyers. NAHB chief economist David Crowe said rising costs for materials, lots and labor remain a hurdle for many builders, and tight credit conditions are keeping some buyers on the sidelines.

Meeting between Xi and Modi a courtesy discussion: MEAPrime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:37 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:47 pm
The brief talk between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping, on the first day of his India visit here on Wednesday, was a “courtesy discussion” and a formal summit meeting between the two leaders will be held in Delhi tomorrow, according to Ministry of External Affairs (MEA).
“This is just a get-together. No formal talks were held. He (Modi) has welcomed him (Xi) as his guest, has appreciated his (Xi’s) coming here in Ahmedabad and thanked him (Xi),” MEA Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin informed.
“It was just a courtesy discussion and formal talks will be held tomorrow in Delhi,” he said in response to a query on the issues discussed between Modi and Xi during their brief one-to-one talk before signing of three MoUs between State of Gujarat and China.
The Chinese President, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, started his three-day India visit from Ahmedabad on Wednesday and has left to Delhi late in the evening.
State authorities rolled out the red carpet as Xi, the first Chinese leader to visit Gujarat, was given a warm welcome after an Air China special aircraft carrying him and his delegation landed at the airport in the afternoon where he was accorded a police guard of honour.
Giant billboards in Mandarin, Gujarati and English were put up at various places here to welcome the Chinese leader. The three pacts signed today include making Guangzhou city in China and Ahmedabad as sister cities, setting up of industrial parks in this state and an agreement between Guangdong province and the Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, officials said.
The agreement, aimed at developing industrial parks, was signed between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat Government. It envisages promoting the bilateral trade and setting up of industrial parks in the state, especially for electronics and electrical goods.
While an agreement was signed between Guangdong province and Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, another MoU was inked between Guangzhou city and Ahmedabad, to make them sister cities.

Kerala migration survey 2014: States youth still fly abroad for livelhoodPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:54 pm
The Kerala Migration Survey-2014 has found that flow of Keralites to abroad still continues mainly because of the state’s inability to provide suitable jobs for the increasing number of educated youths and the glamour associated with Gulf emigration was still strong among the state’s youth.
The study was conducted by Profs K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released here on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.
“Kerala is not able to create enough jobs suitable for an increasingly larger number of youngsters with a secondary or higher level of education. As long as the employment conditions in Kerala (among the educated youths) does not improve, more of the Kerala youngsters could be expected to try their luck abroad,’’ said the study.
Besides, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still very strong among the Kerala youngsters. This is an important positive factor in their decision to emigrate instead of working in the state.
The sample size of the survey was 14,575 households distributed across Kerala. The reference point in the study is taken as March1, 2014, which is three years after the previous study in 2011.
The number of Kerala emigrants as estimated by the migration survey in 2014 is 23.63 lakhs. The corresponding number was 22.81 lakhs in 2011, 21.93 lakhs in 2008, 18.38 lakhs in 2003 and 13.62 lakhs in 1998. These numbers indicate that emigration from Kerala has been increasing since 1998. Between 2011 and 2014, the total number of emigrants from Kerala increased by about 81,000.
The report said remittances to Kerala have continued to grow ever since Keralites started migrating to the Gulf region. Total remittances to Kerala during the 12-month period ending in  March 1, 2014 were Rs 72,680 crores.
This amount is about 46 percent higher than the remittances in 2011. These numbers indicate that the rate of growth of remittances has accelerated in recent years in spite of the slowing down of the annual increase of emigration from the state since 2008.
The total of all the household remittances in Kerala during the 12 month period prior to 1st March 2014 was Rs 15,129 crores. The corresponding remittance in 2008 was Rs 12, 511 crores.
Out of the total remittances of Rs 15,129 crores, Rs 7029 crores were received by the Muslim community alone. This amounts to about 46.5 percent of the total remittances. This percentage is higher than the per cent of Muslim emigrants which was only 43.5 percent.
In the total population of Kerala, Muslim population is only about 26.5 percent and Muslim households are only 21.8 percent of the total households in the state. According to both per capita-wise and household-wise analysis, Muslims in Kerala receive a much higher continued…
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.

5 Things Small Businesses Need to Know This FallAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Astronomers find the tiniest galaxy ever to contain a supermassive black holeBy Rachel Feltman September 17 Follow @rachelfeltman
Editor's note: This video contains no audio. University of Utah astronomer Anil Seth led an international research team that discovered the smallest galaxy known to harbor a supermassive black hole. The video simulation shows how this small galaxy, named M60-UCD1, was formed from a larger, normal galaxy. Seth says that while this process took about 500 million years, astronomers don't know when it happened, and that it could have been billions of years ago. (Holger Baumgardt, University of Queensland)
A supermassive black hole has been spotted in the tiniest galaxy yet --  an ultracompact dwarf galaxy -- which suggests that black holes could be in places we haven't even thought to look yet.
The galaxy, named M60-UCD1 and reported in a new Nature study , is 0.2 percent the size of the Milky Way, but contains a black hole with the mass of 21 million suns. That's 15 percent of the galaxy's total mass, which is pretty staggering compared to the less than .01 percent taken up by the Milky Way's personal black hole.
Astronomers believe that the galaxy, which is a ball of about 100 million stars, used to be much bigger -- with a more sensible star-to-black-hole ratio. But as M60-UCD1 orbited a much larger galaxy, the force of it stripped all of its outer parts away. The little dwarf with a big black hole was left behind, still orbiting its larger neighbor.
The galaxy on the lower right, M60-UCD1, is home to a suprisingly large black hole. (NASA/Space Telescope Science Institute/European Space Agency)
We already know that big galaxies, like our own, have black holes in their centers, and that there are probably millions of them out in the universe. But this discovery gives astronomers new targets to search in.
"This discovery could actually double the number of black holes in the universe," said Anil Seth, an assistant professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Utah and lead author of the study. "There are lots of ultra compact galaxies like this one, and it's possible that many of them have black holes as well."
It's going to take more than one dwarf to prove that, but any opportunity to study black holes is a good one. "They're part of the origin story of us, and our universe," Seth said. "Every galaxy like ours has one of these, and we know that they affect how galaxies evolve and how stars form." But we still don't understand why black holes end up where they do. "If you want to understand how we got here, figuring out the role that black holes play is an important part of that," Seth said.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

 Gold Slides to 3-Month Low Ahead of Fed AnnouncementMumbai: Gold prices drifted further to hit a fresh three-month low at the domestic bullion market here on Wednesday owing to sustained speculative selling as well as uneasy overseas sentiment ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates.
Industrial metal, silver, too fell back after rallying for two straight sessions due to reduced industrial offtake.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) dropped by Rs 115 to end at Rs 26,850 per 10 grams from overnight level of Rs 26,965. Pure gold (99.9 purity) also fell by a similar margin to end Rs 27,000 per 10 grams compared to Rs 27,115.
Silver (.999 fineness) plunged by Rs 200 to finish at Rs 41,730 per kg against Tuesday's closing level of Rs 41,930.
On the global front, the shiny metal maintained its modest uptrend on short-covering amid speculations that the US central bank would leave interest rates low for a considerable time.
The Fed is expected to make a statement on policy decision later in the day.
Spot gold was bid higher at $1,238.20 in early European trade.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 18:58 (IST)

Delhi: Decomposed body of an unidentified woman found6
1
New Delhi: A decomposed body of an unidentified woman was recovered today from the dumping ground of the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) in south-east Delhi's Jaitpur area, police said.
"The matter came to light at about 9.30 AM yesterday after a man walking past the dumping yard behind NTPC saw some dogs digging in a dump of ash. Taking a closer look, he found that they were tugging at a human leg," police said.
He immediately raised an alarm that drew the attention of some CISF personnel passing through the area. The dogs were shooed away, police immediately informed and the body was dug out and sent to AIIMS mortuary where it is likely to be preserved for upto 72 hours for identification purposes.
Delhi Police said that the matter came to light at about 9.30 AM on Tuesday after a man walking past the dumping yard behind NTPC saw some dogs digging in a dump of ash.
#delhi #delhi police #crime against women #jaitpur
While the woman has not been identified yet, a police officer said she appeared to be married and was likely in her twenties. Police said they suspected she belonged to Delhi and all police stations in and around the national capital have been asked to report about any complaint of missing woman.
2

Chimpanzees may be natural born killersBy Rachel Feltman September 17 Follow @rachelfeltman
Other than humans, chimps are the most warlike primates -- but why? (Lincoln Park Zoo)
When rival communities of chimps interact, death is often the result. That may not sound out of the ordinary in the human world, but it's quite unusual for other animals -- other than chimps, we seem to be the only ones who go to war. But while some researchers have argued that chimpanzees evolved to fight their rivals, others have maintained that the chimp wars we've witnessed are caused by human intervention.
According to a new study in Nature , chimps come by those warrior instincts honestly. In the project, researchers compiled and analyzed data from over five decades of research on 18 different chimp communities, as well as four groups of bonobos -- the chimpanzees' very close but very gentle cousin.
Together, the data showed that chimp-on-chimp killings weren't more likely to occur when human interference like feedings or habitat destruction occurred. And bonobos simply didn't kill each other, even given the same human disturbances.
The researchers say this indicates a fundamental intra-species violence in chimps, but leading supporters of the opposite view are unimpressed. "I am surprised that [the study] was accepted for publication,"  Robert Sussman, an anthropologist at Washington University in St. Louis, told Science Magazine . Even the groups that the research team claimed were free from human disturbance were probably impacted by our interference, Sussman said.
In an accompanying article in Nature, behavioral ecologist Joan Silk (who wasn't involved in the study), points out that our desire to disprove an evolutionary basis for warfare may be wishful thinking. Our perception of primate behavior, she writes , is often skewed so that "morally desirable features, such as empathy and altruism, have deep evolutionary roots, whereas undesirable features, such as group-level violence and sexual coercion, do not."
In other words, we might just be looking for proof that we ourselves aren't violent at the core -- so results like these can be tough to swallow.
But whatever the truth is about chimp violence, we shouldn't apply it too much to human nature. "Humans are not destined to be warlike because chimpanzees sometimes kill their neighbors," Silk writes.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Former McKinsey India chief is Modi govts first corporate recruitNarendra Modi has appointed former McKinsey India chairman Adil Zainulbhai as the chief of the Quality Council of India (QCI). (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:53 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 4:13 am
In the first major lateral hire by the NDA government, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has appointed former McKinsey India chairman Adil Zainulbhai as the chief of the Quality Council of India (QCI). His appointment comes at a time when Modi has announced his vision of making India a global manufacturing hub with international standards in production and quality, an area where the QCI is expected to play a key role.
Zainulbhai’s appointment for a three-year term, which, according to sources was done by the Prime Minister, marks the first such hiring from the private sector by the NDA government. The UPA government had earlier roped in a number of experts from the private sector, including former TCS chief S Ramadorai and HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh, in advisory roles to help in policy making.
“The QCI has done a very good job of establishing quality benchmarks in India. But in order to fulfil the nation’s plan and create more manufacturing in India, or as the PM said ‘Make in India’, we will have to do more to imbibe the quality culture in Indian manufacturing,” Zainulbhai told The Indian Express.
Zainulbhai, who is currently serving as a senior adviser with McKinsey India, is also on the boards of Reliance Industries, the American India Foundation, Saifee Hospital, Saifee Burhani Upliftment Trust, Network 18 as well as on the advisory board of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.
According to sources, in keeping with the Prime Minister’s vision of turning India into a global manufacturing hub, the QCI is expected to focus on creating further quality benchmarks in the sector and will also expand its focus to look at more service sectors.
Zainulbhai succeeds former Planning Commission member Arun Maira as the full-time chief of QCI. Maira’s term ended in late 2013, after which the DIPP Secretary served as the officiating chairman.
Established in 1997, the QCI is a non-profit autonomous body jointly set up by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion and the three industry chambers — Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) — to establish and implement the national accreditation structure and promote quality through National Quality Campaign.
Since inception, the council has been led by India Inc heads, including former Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata and TVS Motors CMD Venu Srinivasan.
The government is also understood to have appointed R P Singh, IGNOU regional director, as Secretary-General of the QCI. According to sources, the governing council of the QCI, which has 38 members including industry representatives as well as government ministries, is expected to meet soon to discuss its new role and responsibilities. Apart from continued…

US Fed renews zero interest rate pledge  restates concern on labor marketUS Fed renews zero interest rate pledge, restates concern on labor market
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 11.45PM IST
US Fed keeps interest rates unchanged at 0.25%
US Fed keeps interest rates unchanged at 0.25%
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving economic data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labor market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
"On balance, labor market conditions improved somewhat further; however, the unemployment rate is little changed ...," the FOMC said in its statement.
Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser dissented on Wednesday.
The Fed also released quarterly economic and interest rate projections from its 17 policymakers, extending out to 2017 for the first time.
They suggested a faster pace of rate hikes than envisioned in the last projections in June.
Page 1 of 2

Pennsylvania Police Officials Give Update on Manhunt for Alleged Cop KillerSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Letter of the WeekAwardPrint
Express News Service | Posted: September 4, 2014 5:48 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 5:49 am
To encourage quality reader intervention The Indian Express offers the Letter of the Week Award. The letter adjudged the best for the week is published every Saturday. Letters may be e-mailed to editpage@expressindia.com or sent to The Indian Express, 9&10, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New Delhi -110002.
Letter writers should mention their postal address and phone number.
The winner receives books worth Rs 1,000.
Letters to the editor
Leave the kids alone
WE ARE disturbed by the circulars issued by the CBSE and other authorities like the Directorate of Education, Delhi, and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan asking schools to make arrangements to ensure that children across the country listen to the prime minister’s address in the school premises on Teachers’ Day. This is an extraordinary and unprecedented step in the history of school education in independent India. Not only does this order treat children as passive and captive elements who do not have a view of their own, it also violates the Convention on the Rights of the Child, which says that children have a right to form opinions and, therefore, they need to be asked whether they would like to be part of such an extra-school activity beyond usual school hours. Although the HRD ministry has verbally clarified that this is a voluntary activity and is not binding on schools and children, the written orders asking schools to furnish status reports by September 2 and to remain prepared for surprise inspections are still in force. Moreover, schools are being asked to spend from their own resource pool, which is in itself poor and inadequate. The resources identified for school-related activities are sought to be diverted for an extraneous activity, not intrinsic to the curriculum. The PM is taking over a day that belongs to the teaching community and pushing teachers off stage. This attempt to hegemonise social spaces needs to be condemned and resisted. The PM is not the teacher-in-chief of the country and he should leave the children alone. The issued orders must be withdrawn immediately and the solemnity of the day left untouched.
— Apoorvanand, Mukul Priyadarshini, Prachi Kalra, Laxmi Murthy and 60 others
Money in his blood
APROPOS ‘PM keeps music playing: No red tape, only red carpet for Japan’ (IE, September 3), the bureaucratic hurdles in the way of domestic and foreign investors are no secret. As CM of Gujarat, Narendra Modi was praised by industrialists for swift project clearances. That PM Modi now intends to do this at the Centre is reassuring.
— M.C. Joshi
Lucknow
Pick up the pieces
THIS refers to the editorial, ‘Spare us the tears’ (IE, September 3). I hope that the Congress party reads the editorial and pays heed to it. But I find it difficult to believe that it will. I have my doubts about its interest and ability to do so. Having been in power for many long years, the party seems to have lost the wherewithal to respond to electoral reverses.
— Naren N. Joshi

Annuals will blossom in container gardens if well fedWeather Reports Chicago Botanic Garden Real Estate
Annuals will blossom in container gardens if well fed
Q: The annuals in my three containers are not looking good. They seem stunted, with foliage that has a yellowish appearance.
They are not flowering well. Even the bed of annuals in my front yard seems to have the same problem, though not as bad.
What can I can do to improve my plants?
— Sam Johnson, Oak Brook
A: To support their continuous flowering, annuals require more nutrients than many other plants. From your description, it seems likely that the annuals need to be fertilized.
0
Containers need to be watered more often than plants in beds, and the frequent watering can leach nutrients from the potting mix. The plants often can benefit from supplemental fertilizer later in the growing season. Use a liquid fertilizer as needed.
Many growing mediums that are sold for containers include a slow-release fertilizer. But if you have reused growing medium from last year and have not applied any supplemental fertilizer this year, the nutrients may be depleted.
Even if you used fresh growing medium, the rainy weather this year and your routine watering will have leached away nutrients.
Use a liquid fertilizer according to the package directions.
It is best to fertilize containers and baskets when the growing medium is moist. Fertilizing plants when they are very dry can result in root damage.
Even the annuals growing in the garden bed will likely benefit from fertilizer. The rainy weather this year may have leached nutrients out of their soil too.
Annuals also will be stunted with yellowing foliage if they are regularly allowed to dry out completely before they are watered.
I also have seen symptoms such as you describe in annuals that were mulched with shredded bark.
The natural process by which the bark mulch breaks down uses nitrogen from the soil, which can leave the annuals short of this essential nutrient.
If you mulched the annuals, carefully remove the mulch.
Fertilize the bed in any case and the plants should recover.
Not all annuals have the same needs, so it is a good idea to identify your plants to figure out what they need to grow well. For example, sun-loving plants will not grow well in the shade.
Annuals that grow best in warm weather may have been set back during the extended cool and wet conditions this year. These plants may have started to rot and could still be showing some ill effects.
Tim Johnson is director of horticulture for the Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe; ctc-realestate@tribune.com .

Secret reason Amazon should fear AlibabaSecret reason Amazon should fear Alibaba
By: Matt Krantz September 15, 2014 1:20 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
Alibaba isn’t much of a business force in the U.S. But the splashy initial public offering of the Chinese e-commerce site should scare Amazon.com (AMZN) for one reason: Taxes.
According to Alibaba’s prospectus, the company paid an effective tax rate of just 11.9% during its 2014 fiscal year. That’s a huge competitive weapon versus the world’s other global e-commerce giants. A company’s effective tax rate is its taxes divided by its pre-tax profit, or a measure of how much of its profit goes to paying the tax man.
Chalk up Alibaba’s tiny tax rate as one of the perks of being a Chinese company. “Operating in the high-technology and software industry, a number of our China operating entities enjoy various types of preferential tax treatment according to the prevailing PRC (People’s Republic of China) tax laws,” the IPO filings says.
First off, the applicable tax rate applied to “qualified high and new technology” businesses is just 15% and can get as low at 10% for “software” companies, Alibaba’s filing states. It gets better. A “qualified software enterprise” gets a “tax holiday” which includes a two-year tax exemption that starts on the company’s first profitable year and a 50% tax cut on the following three years, the filing states.
Compare Alibaba’s tiny’s effective tax rate with other U.S.-based giants. Amazon paid a relatively whopping effective tax rate of 37% during the year ended December, says S&P Capital IQ. And over at eBay (EBAY) , another U.S.-based e-commerce leader, the effective tax rate is 17.6%. “Many people don’t realize how low Alibaba’s tax rate is,” says Francis Gaskins, analyst at Equities.com.
Investors are paying increasing attention to the tax structures of companies. Most companies have taken a machete to costs in the operating areas of their business. Economic growth is so-so, hardly enough to put revenue growth on hyperdrive. That’s forcing companies to look for other ways to drive down costs, and tax management is a big area of interest.
Alibaba’s massive tax advantage, at the very least, might prompt investors to look more critically at U.S.-based leaders and wonder if they should be more profitable. But at worst, Alibaba’s huge tax edge might make it more of a threat for the battle over global e-commerce domination.
Below is a chart of some of the biggest leaders in online commerce and media and their effective tax rates for 2013:
Company

Startup Institute gets $3 million  wants to build startup ecosystemsKate MacArthur
“This is particularly exciting for Chicago because the number of startups is growing exponentially faster than the number of people with startup experience,” said Chicago-based Startup Institute managing director Jason Henrichs. “This sort of investment helps fill in the talent gap and will also bring others from around the region here to learn and stay.”
The investment round comes from Silicon Valley Bank in response to internal studies that showed innovation companies were describing challenges finding workers with the skills and metabolism the companies needed to grow, Henrichs said.
The Series A funding round follows a $1.3 million initial seed investment the company received in January.

U.S. authorities seek information on pricing data: Ranbaxyeconomy, business and finance
Ranbaxy Laboratories said on Wednesday that federal authorities in the United States had sought details on how it reports pricing data for some products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
The company, which has agreed to be acquired by rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, said it had received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and that it would fully cooperate with the investigation.
“The CID is a request for documents and information, and is not an allegation of wrongdoing or demand for compensation,’’ the company said in a statement.
Last year, Ranbaxy pleaded guilty to felony charges related to drug safety and agreed to pay $500 million in civil and criminal fines under a settlement agreement with the DOJ.

FedEx to Add 50 000 Seasonal JobsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

IT stocks like TCS  Infosys in limelight; gain up to 4 per centYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
IT stocks like TCS, Infosys in limelight; gain up to 4 per cent
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 08.28PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
( IT stocks gained as much…)
MUMBAI: IT stocks today gained as much as 4 per cent as investors poured in funds on hopes that a recovery in the US will boost growth of the key sector.
Among blue-chips, shares of Infosys rose by 2.29 per cent and TCS gained 1.31 per cent on the BSE. Hexaware Tech jumped 4.11 per cent, Wipro went up by 1.41 per cent, HCL Tech (1.18 per cent) and Tech Mahindra (0.24 per cent).
Sectorwise, IT index out-shined other sectoral indices. The BSE IT index gained the most by rising 1.52 per cent.
Meanwhile, Wipro Arabia, a subsidiary of India's third largest IT firm Wipro, has bagged a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company ( SEC ) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
Infosys is enabling Muji, a leading retailer in Japan, to deliver a superior shopping experience through real-time insights into the buying behavior of its customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How an anonymous Twitter sleuth may have solved a Philadelphia hate crime— FanSince09 (@FanSince09) September 17, 2014
In terms of actual computing skill or detective work, this particular investigation wasn’t technically that hard to do. As NPR’s Melody Kramer chronicled in a Storify on Wednesday morning, @FanSince09’s sleuthing began when another user tweeted a picture of a group of 20-somethings at a restaurant that seemed to match footage from surveillance cameras. From there, @FanSince09 discovered the name of the restaurant — La Viola — from other Twitter users who had been there, and then turned to Facebook’s Graph Search to see who had checked into the restaurant recently.
Graph Search , which Facebook introduced in early 2013 to some alarm from privacy groups, essentially lets you trawl through the untold, unstructured masses of public data the social network has on its users — everything from their relationships, ages and home towns to their recent check-ins and favorite bands. Graph Search is powerful: It can identify, say, “people who have checked in at La Viola” and are between the ages of 23 and 29. (As of this writing, at least, only five such people show up.) It can also expose a lot of personal information you may not be aware you had shared.
Tom Scott, the guy behind “Actual Facebook Graph Searches” — a project that compiled lists of people who surfaced in embarrassing or contradictory Graph Searches — put it this way when he wrapped the project last year:
… Most people will never actually be affected by accidentally making [their Facebook] data ‘public’. (Of course, for the unlucky ones, it won’t be a gamble worth taking.) Most of the danger online comes not from strangers making half-assed joke searches: it comes from people who know you. A lot of the public data fails what I call the ‘bitter ex test’: can someone who hates you ruin your life with that information?
Or, put another way, can a savvy social-media detective who suspects you’ve done something terrible ruin your life with that information? (Yes.)
To be clear, no definitive ID has been made yet — @FanSince09 simply gave police the results of his Graph Search sleuthing, and police thanked him publicly for the help. (“No arrests made. Central Detectives have done a ton of work and have a lot more to do,” tweeted Joseph Murray, an unusually Twitter-savvy detective for Philadelphia Police.) But even if it’s a smidge too early for all-out celebrations, the case is a rare and much-needed example of Internet sleuthing done responsibly and right — in collaboration with police, instead of as a presumed replacement.
Listen. We showed tonight that our city will not tolerate this. My hope if that another city realizes they won’t tolerate it

2014 MacARTHUR GENIUS GRANTS: For groundbreaking Fun Home cartoonist Alison Bechdel  the latest twist in her really crazy yearComic panels by Alison Bechdel (courtesy of the artist).
 
SITTING IN ITALY, basking in the peaceful and rejuvenating world of an artist’s retreat in Umbria, Alison Bechdel was tempted not to acknowledge the call. “I actually didn’t want to pick up the phone,” Bechdel tells The Post’s Comic Riffs this morning from Italy, of the ring that came three weeks ago from Chicago. “I didn’t want to call back and pay for the long-distance call.
“Although now,” Bechdel jokes, “I think I can afford it.”
That’s because the call was from the MacArthur Foundation, which was tracking down Bechdel in Europe to bestow upon her one of its “genius” grants — an honor that comes with a check for $625,000.
On Wednesday, the foundation announced Bechdel and 20 other leading thinkers as recipients of its 2014 grants. Bechdel — the Eisner-winning creator of the graphic novel “Fun Home” — is believed to be the first woman cartoonist to receive the honor.
“I’m so lucky to get to be at an artist’s retreat” when the call came, Bechdel tells Comic Riffs. “Being here sort of prepared me in a way. If I had been just sitting at home in [Bolton] Vermont and gotten the call from the MacArthur Foundation, I might have just died.” (Upon receiving the news, the grant recipients are virtually sworn to secrecy until announcement day about three weeks later.)
“But being here,” continues Bechdel, speaking from Civitella Ranieri, where she is enjoying a six-week fellowship largely devoted to creating large charcoal drawings, “I built up some stamina and some sense of myself as an artist.”
For Bechdel, her entire whirlwind year seems to be supporting her life and career as an artist. In April, the musical adaptation of “Fun Home” — her best-selling 2006 graphic memoir (subtitled “A Family Tragicomic”) about sexual orientation and fraught family ties — was named a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Drama.
“Of course, I have no critical distance since it’s based on not just my book, but my life,” Bechdel told Comic Riffs in April of the Jeanine Tesori (music)/Lisa Kron (book and lyrics) production that ended a Public Theater run in January, and received nine Lucille Lortel Award nominations. “But I think it’s a freakishly good play. Maybe even a perfect play.” The Pulitzer jury called the production “a poignant musical adaptation.”
Bechdel — who writes of growing up in rural Pennsylvania as a lesbian with a closeted father — is also creator of the long-running comic strip “Dykes to Watch Out For” (1983-2008) and the 2012 graphic novel “Are You My Mother? A Comic Drama.”
Also early this year, Bechdel spoke in Charleston, S.C., and attended two special performances of “Fun Home” — just months after the Public Theater show closed in New York, performers reconvened from across the country — to support the College of Charleston in response to controversial budget cuts, which came because the institution was teaching “Fun Home” to incoming freshmen.
“What a year — it’s been really crazy,” Bechdel tells Comic Riffs. “I’m struggling to keep up with myself, and keep my feet on the ground. The play has been an amazing experience … from this censorship happening in South Carolina, and it was exciting to see the [special] performances.”
ALISON BECHDEL AT WORK. (courtesy of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation)
 
Now, at age 54, Bechdel feels as though she fully, finally perceives of herself as an artist of a certain achievement. “I’m starting to learn to think of myself as the older generation,” Bechdel says. “I just finally got a purchase on things.
“I’m finally figuring out what I’m doing, and sort of feeling like now, I have to start taking a responsibility,” continues Bechdel about her higher-profile role as a comics-maker and an artist so associated with certain themes and ideas — including “the Bechdel test,” a three-step litmus test that gauges gender representation and roles in film.
The 1985 Alison Bechdel comic that spawned “the Bechdel test” for gender representation in film. (courtesy of the artist)
 
Of an artistic path that has surprised her so far, Bechdel speaks figuratively as well as geographically: “Vermont is a long way from Pennsylvania, and Italy is a long way from Vermont.”
And of the MacArthur, Bechdel tells Comic Riffs: “It’s a huge honor to receive this as a cartoonist. I know Ben Katchor has won it” — he was the first graphic novelist to do so, in 2000 — “and I hope I can live up to it.”
On its website, the MacArthur Foundation writes of her gifts as a graphic novelist: “With storytelling that is striking for its conceptual depth and complexity in structure as well as for the deft use of allusion and reference, Bechdel is changing our notions of the contemporary memoir and expanding the expressive potential of the graphic form.”
So now, how might this groundbreaking memoirist spend some of this huge infusion of MacArthur cash — a stipend spread out over five years?
“I might buy a large-format scanner,” Bechdel says with a laugh. “I’ve never spent the money on a larger one, so I’ve always done my drawings to fit on a tiny, legal-size scanner. So this is definitely awesome.”
 
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Apple Goes After Android UsersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Riflemans death: Police question 3accusedPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:20 am
Mizoram Police have started questioning personnel at the 39th Assam Rifles paramilitary force’s Mimbung camp as part of its investigation into the death of 26-year-old rifleman Ajit Rai there last month.
Senior police officials said that three men accused by Ajit’s brothers of murdering the rifleman following an altercation have been questioned already, and more men are being questioned about what happened on the day of the crime.
The 39th Assam Rifles has, meanwhile, maintained that Rai shot himself using an AK series rifle. It also claimed that his family is alleging he was murdered to ensure they don’t lose monetary benefits, which would be annulled in case the rifleman killed himself. Senior officials have cited the autopsy report to back the claim.
Earlier this month, the Mizoram Police had asked for sanction to question the personnel posted at the camp. Police had lodged a murder case after closer examination of the incident threw up some questions.
Police, for example, did not have the chance to examine the body at the scene of the incident as the paramilitary forces transported the body 200 km away to Aizawl the same evening. Police also found three bullet entries in the rifleman’s head, which prompted them to investigate the murder angle.
Ajit’s two elder brothers, Atul and Ajay, have alleged that he was murdered by three of his seniors. They told police that hours before he died at 1.30 pm on August 18, Ajit had told relatives that Naik Subedar Charan Singh Kandhari and Warrant Officers Pitambar Singh and Pratap Ram had an altercation with him.

5 Mizoram evangelists freed onbailPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:14 am
Five members of Mizoram Missionary Society arrested last week from Khargone, Madhya Pradesh, for allegedly offering money to a labourer to embrace Christianity have been released on bail and escorted to safety. The missionary workers were released Tuesday night after being taken into custody on September 12. The society has been working in the state for 27 years.
The missionary society has dismissed the charge that its members were offering Rs 1 lakh to the labourer to convert to Christianity, claiming the missionaries get a monthly stipend of only Rs 6,500 and that they cannot afford to offer such a large sum of money.
Seven people, including two women, from Mizoram had been held under the MP Freedom of Religion Act on September 12 for allegedly offering money to Sunil Prajapati to embrace Christianity in Badwah of Khargone district. While Badwah police claimed that Sunil was the complainant, others said local VHP and Bajrang Dal activists had taken up the matter with police.
The women were released on the same day, but five male members were taken into custody. They have been identified as Vanlalsawma (45), K Lalropluanga (35), Thangsangliana (22), R Laldinfela (21) and Zonunmawia (20).
Lalropluanga told The Indian Express over phone that there was no complainant and that police had reached the spot after being called by local Bajrang Dal workers. The society members were on way to hold a prayer meeting in the house of a villager, but even before they entered the house they were stopped by some people and handed over to police, Lalropluanga said.
In-charge of Badwah Police Station V S Parihar said the five Mizo missionaries were “only involved in evangelism” and that they had been active in Khandwa for a long time.
Nine years ago, three other Christian missionaries from Mizoram had been booked in a similar case in Betul district, but were acquitted seven years later. While defining its work as “direct evangelism”, or going door-to-door and talking about Christianity, the Aizawl-based society said its “core” work involves running Ebenezer English Medium School in MP’s Burhanpur district. It currently has 262 students and 17 teachers, most of them Korku and Rathia tribals as well as Dalits.
“BJP MPs, MLAs and sarpanches have always been supportive,” the society added. However, it described Khargone as a relatively “hostile” area where Catholics have borne the brunt of attacks.
With ENS, Bhopal

We are contesting under Chavan  opposition has no crediblefacePrint
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:12 am
Harshvardhan Patil, Maharashtra’s Cooperatives and Parliamentary Affairs Minister, heads the Congress media and publicity campaign for the polls. He spoke to Sandeep Ashar.
During the Lok Sabha campaign, the BJP upstaged the Congress. What sort of campaign do you plan this time?
We have designed an exhaustive campaign through all mediums including print, electronic and social media, cinema halls, and outdoor campaign. Professional agencies have been hired. The campaign will focus on development work carried out by the government in youth and women empowerment, infrastructure development, agriculture, healthcare, farmers’ welfare, social justice.
The Congress-NCP government has faced allegations of corruption and misrule. Why should people reelect it?
We’ve a proven development track record… I’m confident that we will come back to power. We will have a Congress chief minister.
A Congress chief minister even if the alliance with the NCP continues?
We are the bigger party in the alliance. I have no doubt we will be the single largest party after the polls.
What has changed in the three months since the Lok Sabha polls, when the party was nearly wiped out?
The recent bypoll results in various states are a clear indication that the Lok Sabha outcome cannot be the basis to judge a state poll. The two elections are very different. While Narendra Modi’s impact itself is on the wane following his government’s failure to deliver on promises dished out during the campaign, the opposition in the state is struggling to project a leader under whom elections will be fought. I dare the opposition to declare its leader. We are contesting this election under Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan’s leadership; the opposition has no credible face.
But the Congress has not projected a chief ministerial candidate either; you have multiple aspirants.
We are contesting under the chief minister’s leadership. He is our leader. The beauty of the Congress is that all of us know our Laxman rekha and never go beyond it. All of us are working under one umbrella. Among those lining up for the top post in the opposition, none has the administrative experience to run a government.
The BJP has alleged that corruption to the tune of Rs 11.78 lakh crore took place during the 15-year reign of the Congress-NCP. Your CM himself has expressed concerns regarding irregularities in irrigation [held by NCP] in the past.
The allegation about Rs 11.78 lakh crore does not hold as the government spend itself during these years was not that much. About the irrigation sector, it is important that one differentiates between irregularities and corruption. The government brought out a probe report and has taken corrective measures. .
The BJP’s Devendra Fadnavis has backed the “separate Vidarbha” demand. Some Congress leaders from Vidarbha too, such as Nitin Raut, have supported the demand. What is the Congress’s stand?
The Congress does not support “separate Vidarbha development”. We believe in development of all parts in a unified Maharashtra. Some sections are projecting Fadnavis as a chief ministerial candidate. How can a person who speaks of dividing the state in two be considered for the  continued…

Senate Questions Secretary of State John Kerry on ISISSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Storms Developing in the South
EXPLORE.ORG: Maya's Puppy Litter
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Trooper Slay Suspect Pretending He s a Soldier: Copstrooper slay suspect pretending he s a soldier: cops
Watch Live as John Kerry Testifies on ISIS Threatwatch live as john kerry testifies on isis threat
Happy Birthday PM Narendra Modi: 8 iconic momentspicture  others
Happy Birthday PM Narendra Modi: Rare moments
As Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi turns 64, we bring you this small series of iconic pictures from the past incldung the day he took oath as the PM on May 26, 2014. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Born on September 17, 1950 in the other backward class (OBC) middle-class family at Vadnagar, Narendra Modi was the third of six children of Damodardas Mulchand Modi and Heeraben. (Source: Express archive photo)
Modi has been keenly associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) since long. (express archive photo)
Narendra Modi seen here with then supremo of Shiv Sena late Balasaheb Thackeray in Mumbai. (Source: Express archive photo)
He was handed the baton for Gujarat in the late 90s by party leader LK Advani to spearhead the election campaign in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.
"Madan Lal Khurana, Krishan Lal Sharma, Sahib Singh Verma, Lal Krishan Advani, Kedar Nath Sawhney and Narendra Modi leading the Swarn Jayanti Rath Yatra which commenced on July 15 1997. (Source: Express archive photo)
Modi became the chief minister of Gujarat in October 2001, promoted to the office at a time when his predecessor Keshubhai Patel had resigned, following the defeat of BJP in the by-elections. (Source: Express archive photo)
Modi is also accused of shielding those responsible for allegedly instigating violence in the Gujarat carnage.
Narendra Modi seen here with then Pime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee. (Express archive photo)
Though his protegee, LK Advani vehemently opposed Modi's announcement as the prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
L K Advani and Narendra Modi after the Riots of 92 in Surat. (Source: Express archive photo)
Narendra Modi in his young days. (Source: Express Archive)
An old image of Narendra Modi in his young days. (Source: Express Archive)
The multi talented Prime Minister: Narendra Modi takes the mic at a radio station. (Source: Express Archive)
At peace with himself - Narendra Modi by the side of a Holy river. (Source: Express Archive)
Narendra Modi meditating. (Source: Express Archive)
Related

Jet Airways seeks time to pay pilots  salary...Jet Airways seeks more time to pay pilots' salary arrears
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 09.29PM IST
Tags:
Cramer Ball
(The assurance to pilots…)
MUMBAI: Jet Airways management assured its pilots of legal help today to deal with DGCA notices to them, even as it sought more time to pay salary arrears worth Rs 100 crore, sources said here today.
The assurance to pilots came after a meeting between the two sides at the airline's headquarters here today, airline sources told PTI today evening.
"At the meeting, we requested the management to support us on various notices served to our colleagues by the aviation regulator. The management responded positively to our request," sources said.
The management also said that it would "reconsider" internal warning letters to a dozen odd pilots, which were served to them for various counts in the recent past, sources added.
It may be mentioned here that earlier this month, the DGCA had cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory bi-annual exams and issued show-cause notices to the airline, questioning its pilot training programme.
Notices were issued to pilots, as also Jet's Chief Operating Officer and Training Chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team.
The meeting, which lasted for nearly six hours, was attended by the Jet Airways Group Chief Executive Hameed Ali , Chief Executive (Designate) Cramer Ball , Senior Vice President for Flight Operations Nikihil Ved and Senior Vice President for Human Resources Samar Srivastava from the management side, while five members from the National Aviators' Guild represented the pilots.
Sources also said that the management sought more time to clear salary arrears of pilots amounting to Rs 100 crore, since it is working on modalities of the payout.
"The management said that it will pay the arrears but needs some more time to work out modalities," sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland braces for historic independence voteScotland braces for historic independence vote
AFP
more photos »
The campaign for Scotland's independence referendum went down to the wire on Wednesday ahead of a knife-edge vote that will either see Scotland break away from the United Kingdom or gain sweeping new powers.
The "Yes" and "No" camps mobilised thousands of volunteers to take to the streets across Scotland in a final push to win over undecided voters in a heated debate that has fired up Scots on both sides.
Three new opinion polls suggested a very narrow majority against independence but showed that the undecideds could swing it either way with just hours to go before polls open on Thursday at 0600 GMT.
"I'm really optimistic that if we do have independence, we can start building a society that works for all of us," said 24-year-old Sam Hollick, a "Yes" activist from the Green Party who was campaigning at a stand in Edinburgh blaring a song by Scottish band The Proclaimers.
But at a "No" rally in Glasgow, former British prime minister Gordon Brown appealed to Scots' wartime patriotism and said voting against separation would still mean Scotland gaining much greater local power.
"We fought two world wars together," he told hundreds of supporters.
"There's not a cemetery in Europe that doesn't have a Scot, a Welshman, an Irish and an Englishman side by side. When they fought together, they never asked each other where they came from," he said.
   
'Cool heads'
Differences over whether to support "Yes" or "No" have divided families and lifelong friends and the Church of Scotland on Wednesday called for "a spirit of unity" and "cool heads and calm hearts".
The rise in support for the "Yes" campaign has also sent jitters through the financial markets, helping to bring down the value of the pound and dragging down the stocks of Scotland-based companies.
Scotland's pro-independence First Minister Alex Salmond has dismissed the economic arguments -- including what currency an independent Scotland would use as the Bank of England has ruled out a currency union -- as "scaremongering" by the "No" campaign.
In a letter to the people of Scotland, Salmond urged the electorate to seize its historic chance to end the 307-year-old union with England.
"Wake up on Friday morning to the first day of a better country. Wake up knowing you did this -- you made it happen," Salmond wrote.
"It's about taking your country's future into your hands. Don't let this opportunity slip through our fingers. Don't let them tell us we can't. Let's do this."
But Heather Whiteside, a 21-year-old graduate from Glasgow University who came to see Brown at a campaign event in the city said the prospect of a "Yes" victory was "very scary".
"Nationalism is a bad kind of politics, it tries to create artificial barriers between people," she said.
   
'Torpedo' for Europe
A "Yes" victory would not mean independence overnight but would sound the starting gun on months and possibly years of complex negotiations on separating two deeply linked economic systems.
It could lead to Prime Minister David Cameron's resignation and would embolden other separatist movements around the world.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy weighed in on the debate on Wednesday, branding moves for independence like Spain's Catalonia region a "torpedo" to European integration.
"Everyone in Europe thinks that these processes are hugely negative," financially and economically, Rajoy told the Spanish parliament.
All three polls in Wednesday's papers showed that going it alone would be rejected by 52 percent to 48 percent, with undecided voters excluded.
But the results were within margins of error and many commentators have said the final outcome is "too close to call" ahead of time.
Record numbers have registered for the referendum -- 97 percent of eligible voters -- and turnout is expected to be very high with officials saying it could be around 80 percent.
In Edinburgh, Fatima Somner, a 45-year-old cashier of Moroccan origin married to an Englishman, said she was hoping for a "No" victory.
"People who will vote 'no' are the ones who have money. Poorer people are going to vote 'yes'," she said.
"They hope that things will change for the better for them. But it will be the opposite, everything will become more expensive!"
But many said they were keen to make a final break with London.
"I've been ruled by Westminster governments for too long," said Frank Evans, a 62-year-old in Glasgow at a "Yes" rally filled with flags -- including one celebrating a famous Scottish victory over the English at the Battle of Bannockburn in the Wars of Independence in 1314.
"I am very confident. Yes, we'll win. I might be having a little bit of a dance in the city to celebrate," he said. Behind him a banner read: "Break the chains, Scotland".
 

Richemont suffers as Asian sales flatlineRichemont suffers after Asian sales flatline
By Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b48440c6-3e7d-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-Assam DGP under probe commits suicideComments
A former Assam director general of police, who was under the CBI scanner in connection with the Saradha scam, allegedly committed suicide at his residence on Wednesday.
Shankar Barua, 63, shot himself in the head minutes after being discharged from a local hospital where he was admitted for four days with an undisclosed ailment, said a police officer who did not wish to be identified.
Barua was taken ill after Sadananda Gogoi, an Assamese singer and filmmaker, was arrested by the CBI on September 12 in Kolkata for his alleged involvement in the scam.
“Doctors declared him dead. An investigation is on,” said AP Tiwari, senior superintendent of police in Guwahati. Following a post-mortem examination the body was cremated last evening.
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities.
Saradha chief Sudipta Sen suggested in a letter to the CBI last year that Barua, the then DGP of Assam police, was paid protection money through Gogoi to run the consortium’s business in the state, sources said.
The CBI raided several locations in the city on August 28, including Barua’s house, and took him to a State Bank of India branch to verify some documents.
A CBI spokesperson, however, said the agency had not launched a formal investigation against Barua. “Reports in certain sections of the media that the ex-DGP, Assam was examined by the CBI are not correct.  He had not been summoned as yet,” the official said.
Barua, a 1974-batch Indian Police Service (IPS) officer, was the director general of Assam police from July 28, 2009 to December 31, 2012. He is survived by his wife, two sons and mother.
“He was an upright and efficient police officer who discharged his duties conscientiously and assiduously,” said Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who stands accused of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of Saradha’s slush funds. A Rajya Sabha MP from her Trinamool Congress party is now in judicial custody and several other leaders are also being investigated in the fraud.
The probe also spread to neighbouring Assam and Odisha, where Saradha ran its Ponzi scheme and had either invested or had planned to invest heavily in a range of business, including the media.

In search of an emotive plank to put MNS back on itsfeetFor the MNS, the dilemma is that the party cannot join a BJP-led grand alliance owing to the differences with the Sena. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:51 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:43 am
Just ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, Raj Thackeray set the cat among the pigeons when he held hush-hush discussions with the BJP’s Nitin Gadkari. In stark contrast, ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections that are arguably more critical for his MNS, the 46-year-old is maintaining an uncharacteristically low profile.
He has kept his long-promised “vision document” for the state a secret. Simultaneously, he has also kept everyone guessing about his strategy. In 2009, the role of the MNS in splitting the Sena-BJP anti-incumbency vote had been crucial in the Congress-NCP winning another term. The Lok Sabha elections, however, saw MNS candidates being routed embarrassingly — Raj’s declaration of support for Modi and BJP candidates while fielding MNS candidates against Shiv Sena aspirants boomeranged.
In 2009, the party had won 13 seats in the 288-member assembly, and its primary concern is to retain these. In the LS elections, all 10 MNS candidates lost their deposits while the party’s vote share dwindled from 4.7 per cent in 2009 to a sorry 0.13 per cent.
For now, senior party leaders are playing brave but keeping their cards close to their chest nevertheless. MNS legislator Bala Nandgaonkar told The Indian Express, “The assembly elections are going to throw up a different result. And the outcome of the Lok Sabha election, which was centred on Narendra Modi alone, cannot be replicated nor will it determine politics in Maharashtra.”
Notwithstanding the bravado, the party will have to tackle problems rooted in the organisation’s failure to make an impact among people in the last five years. Unlike the Sena and the BJP that have both carved out their individual spaces with a vociferous campaign against the Congress-NCP, the MNS is not looking to play the anti-incumbency card. It is instead looking for an emotive plank.
According to an MNS insider, “In 2009, the MNS rode high on the Marathi-versus-North Indian plank. It connected with the sons of the soil.” But regional chauvinism has brought diminishing returns. That leaves the option of talking development, but that space has been captured by the BJP and the Sena, which have both made public their vision documents for Maharashtra.
Raj Thackeray has declared that the MNS will go solo. Though he is yet to unveil any plans on the number  of seats it would like to contest or what it election plank would be, it is evident from his repeated promise of a vision document that the party has made a tactical shift to “ development-centric” politics.
The MNS has indicated that it will release the document on September 27. MNS leaders have also hinted they are likely to field candidates in about 200 of constituencies.
But given the MNS candidates’ rout in the Lok Sabha elections, the Congress and NCP are still trying to ascertain to what extent they may bank on continued…

United fight led to good show: SachinPilotPrint
Written by Manoj C G | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:48 am
Having scripted his party’s victory in three Assembly seats, Rajasthan Congress president Sachin Pilot Wednesday said a united party, micro management and right selection of candidates were the reasons for the good bypoll showing. After the drubbing in the Assembly elections last year and decimation in the Lok Sabha polls, he said every leader understood the need for putting up a united fight.
The Congress in Rajasthan had been a divided house and factionalism has been identified as one of the reasons for the debacle in the Assembly polls last year. “We were reduced to 21 in the Assembly polls. And we lost all the 25 seats in the LS polls. Everybody, senior or junior, has understood that everyone will have to fight unitedly,” he said.
Pilot said the bypoll victory in Rajasthan as well as in Gujarat was a vote against the Narendra Modi government. “The victory of the ABVP in university elections (Delhi University) is credited to Modi. The same yardstick should be applied now. The BJP will have to answer whether CM Vasundhara Raje or Modi be blamed for the defeat,” he said. “The bypolls were keenly watched across the country. It will no doubt give a boost to the Congress and the party will now come back,” he said.
Pilot said the key for the good showing in Rajasthan was booth level management, selection of right candidates and participation of all leaders. The students, youth and women wings of the party besides the Seva Dal were roped in and each of them were given a constituency.
The bypolls were keenly watched across the country. It will no doubt give a boost to the Congress and the party will now come back

UP bypoll losers allege sabotage  BJP toprobeA relative of BJP candidate Geeta Singh, who came in third from Charkhari, said that several party leaders refused to campaign for her.
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:44 am
The BJP leadership will look into complaints received from party candidates who lost the bypolls in UP after they alleged that infighting and lack of support from local MPs and party workers led to the debacle.
Party sources said that a reply will be sought from local leaders and MPs if the complaints are found to be true. BJP lost seven Assembly seats, which it had won in 2012, to the Samajwadi Party in the bypolls.
“We have received complaints from various constituencies that local leaders and MPs did not cooperate with party candidates. We will investigate and take action accordingly,” a party leader said.
Senior party leaders Wednesday held a meeting with presidents and organisation secretaries of all eight regions in Lucknow to discuss the issue of the party’s defeat in seven seats.
After the poll results, BJP candidate from Sirathu, Santosh Singh Patel, had told The Indian Express that BJP leaders Keshav Maurya, Sanjay Gupta and Ajay Tripathi “campaigned against” him. Patel said he intended to complain to the top brass.
BJP candidate from Nighasan, Ram Kumar Verma, and the candidate from Balha, Akshaibar Lal, made similar allegations. “Local MP Savitri Bai Phule openly opposed my candidature and her supporters campaigned against me. She did this because the party denied a ticket to her uncle,” Lal said.
Others who aired similar woes included BJP candidate Rajpal Singh Chauhan (Thak-urdawara), Hemendra Pal (Bijnor) and Jagdish Prasad (Ha-mirpur). The leaders blamed infighting for their defeat and said that they intended to complain to the party leadership.
A relative of BJP candidate Geeta Singh, who came in third from Charkhari, said that several party leaders refused to campaign for her.
Geeta’s brother-in-law also claimed that Union minister Uma Bharti, who was elected MLA from Charkhari in 2012, did not turn up to campaign for Geeta.
A BJP leader in New Delhi said, “The party had decided not to give tickets to the kin of those who were elected. It was a policy. But there have been complaints that those who were miffed at ticket distribution did not work for the candidates.”
Privately, some leaders also acknowledged that the ‘love jihad’ campaign hurt the BJP’s prospects. They said that during the campaign ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, many statements from SP leaders, seemingly meant to “please the minority community”, had helped the BJP consolidate Hindu votes. “But in these elections, SP leaders were careful not to make such remarks, while the BJP leaders’ campaign on love jihad annoyed the general public,” he said.
A section of the leaders also felt that the absence of leaders such as Rajnath Singh and Varun Gandhi from the electoral scene sent “confusing” signals and their supporters stayed away from the active campaign. While rumours continued…

India-China pacts likelyto bring in $100 billioninvestments
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who both arrived in New Delhi late on Wednesday, must ensure that the bonhomie between the two leaders can be translated to the bilateral ties.
The reasons for Mr. Modi going the extra mile would seem obvious. China and Japan were two countries that received him when other countries wouldn’t, and gave the then Gujarat Chief Minister a welcome reserved for a head of state, especially in China in 2011, where his car drove right off the Beijing airport tarmac and he was received at the Great Hall of People in Beijing.
Officials confirm that many agreements will be signed in the presence of the two leaders on Thursday dealing with tourism and student exchanges, cultural MoUs between several institutions, including the National Museum, railway infrastructure, banks, and technology assistance on irrigation.
The reported standoff between the armed forces at Demchok and Chumar sectors will however, cast a shadow on their talks over border resolution along with the unconcluded agreement on visas. The governments haven’t yet appointed Special Representatives (SRs) to take forward the border resolution talks that have already seen 17 rounds. The bulk of the expectations from Mr. Xi’s visit, however, will come from business transacted and investments announced for projects that are still being pegged at a total of $100 billion, although officials say the investment will be staggered over several years and will be considerably lower than the target.
China’s decision to build industrial cities in Gujarat and Maharashtra at an initial investment of $10 billion is a step towards addressing the ballooning trade deficit India has of about $35 billion, so that Chinese manufacturers can come “make in India,” as Mr. Modi has termed it.
In an article for The Hindu, Mr. Xi also expressed the hope that “the world’s factory” [China] and the “world’s back office” [India], will drive the Asian economy together.
Mr. Xi will also look for Indian support for his vision of a Maritime Silk Road as well as the BCIM corridor in the region, and his gesture to connect Indians more easily to one of the country’s most revered destinations of Kailash-Mansarovar may bear some results when he engages Mr. Modi.
(With additional reporting by Anita Joshua)

Portuguese entrepreneurs keen to set up shop in GoaUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:51 IST
Portuguese entrepreneurs keen to set up shop in Goa
Prakash Kamat
business (general)
Three Portuguese companies, engaged in mould accessories, mould making and industrial waste management, and at present on a two-city mission in India, have evinced keen interest in understanding the business environment in Goa.
The Associacao Nacional Empressa Metalurgica Eletromecanica (ANEME) of Portugal, through its partners Mundiservicos and Mangal Advisory Services, has brought a mission of three Portuguese entrepreneurs on a week-long two-city mission to India. After Goa, they will leave for Chennai.
“The aim of this mission is to promote cross-border trade and technology sharing between the companies in both countries,” said R. S. Kamat, Director, Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI), after the GCCI representatives met the mission participants here on Monday.
Opportunities
He said that they discussed various opportunities available in India in general and Goa in particular.
The opportunities stressed upon during the meeting, included waste management, tourism, sustainable ship-building, light engineering and even the subjects of training of machinists was broached.
The meeting ended with the visiting dignitaries showing interest in setting up shop in Goa through a partnership with a strong local player to be identified during the mission, Mr. Kamat told on Tuesday.
Representatives of one of the companies from Portugal left for Belgaum on Tuesday to discuss the business prospects with Foundries Association, Belgaum.
Ashutosh Kharangate, Mangal Advisory Services, told that the mission would leave for Chennai on a four-day visit on Wednesday.
A meeting had been scheduled with representatives of Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Chennai, he said.
The mission, it may be significant to add, has chosen Goa, erstwhile Portuguese colony to enter India to explore business opportunities.

5 risks for investors buying Alibaba shares5 risks for investors buying Alibaba shares
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 17, 2014: 10:27 AM ET
 
Mobius: Alibaba's structure is 'dangerous'
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba is about to complete what could be the largest initial public offering in history. And by all accounts demand for the shares is huge.
But potential investors should know a few things about the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut before buying.
1. Ownership: Alibaba is listing with an unusual corporate structure that will allow its partners to control the board of directors, leaving ordinary shareholders with very little influence.
Hong Kong wouldn't accept the structure, so Alibaba turned to New York, where regulators stopped insisting long ago that shareholders should be in charge.
The move is designed to keep co-founder Jack Ma and his partners firmly in control. That's cool with some investors, but others are rubbed the wrong way.
2. Counterfeits: Alibaba has been on a mission to rid its virtual shopping malls of counterfeit goods in the months leading up to the IPO.
But industry experts and company executives say that fakes still flourish on Alibaba's marketplaces and insist the company must do more to crack down on unscrupulous sellers. Some brands report that up to 80% of their goods listed on Alibaba's Taobao website are fakes.
3. Affiliate businesses: Alibaba does not own outright or control some major parts of its e-commerce ecosystem.
Alibaba owns only 48% of China Smart Logistics, for example, which handles most of Alibaba's shipping needs.
Of particular concern is Alibaba's relationship with Small and Micro Financial Services Company, the operator of payment processor Alipay.
While Jack Ma has a stake in the firm and a profit-sharing agreement exists, it's really more of a corporate cousin to Alibaba. That could lead to a conflict of interest -- in a dust up, will Ma favor Alibaba or the company that handles 78% of its transactions?
Related: The best Chinese stock NOT named Alibaba
4. Discipline: Alibaba spent heavily in the months leading up to its IPO, investing heavily in a slew of tech and entertainment businesses.
Many of these were justifiable as Alibaba races other Chinese tech companies to capitalize on increased mobile Internet traffic.
Other purchases? Perhaps not. Alibaba paid almost $200 million for 50% of Guangzhou Evergrande Football Club, a curious choice for an e-commerce firm. Investors will want to see more discipline.
5. What's really for sale: When investors buy Alibaba, they are actually purchasing shares in a Cayman Islands entity called Alibaba Group Holding Limited.
But that company -- surprise! -- doesn't actually own Alibaba. Instead, Ma and another co-founder, Simon Xie, own most of Alibaba's biggest businesses according to Chinese law. Ma and Xie are then under contract to turn profits over to the Cayman entity.
Related: Alibaba is not the Amazon of China
The arrangement is called a variable interest entity (VIE), and is necessary to get around China's strict foreign investment rules. But investors should be aware of the structure -- especially since Chinese courts have not clarified the legality of the arrangement.
A recent research report by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission took a dim view, arguing that "risks could mount for unsuspecting U.S. investors who buy into ... precarious VIE structures."
Alibaba did not respond to requests for comment.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 9:29 PM ET
Most Popular

Lalitha Kumarmangalam appointed NCWchairpersonPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 4:13 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:14 pm
Member of BJP’s national executive Lalitha Kumarmangalam was on Wednesday appointed the chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW).
“Kumarmangalam has been appointed as the NCW chairperson and we would like to welcome her,” Union Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi said, days after she had disapproved the practice of “political appointees” in the Commission.
Giving more details, Gandhi said that Kumarmangalam is from Tamil Nadu and runs an NGO called Prakriti. “She comes from Tamil Nadu. She has a very illustrious lineage, she is Mohan Kumamarmangalam’s daughter,” she added.
The Minister was asked if Kumarmangalam had any BJP affiliations. “Miss Mangalam does have affiliations but not… in the sense that she has stood for elections twice, but that’s about it,” Gandhi said.
Asked about the reasons for the choice, Gandhi replied that “This has been decided by the government and the Prime Minister. I know her, I have met her and she is very strong, very forceful in her advocacy of women’s needs. I am sure she will be a great asset to the NCW.”
When asked about her idea to appoint a judge as the chairperson of NCW, Gandhi replied, “It is in a state of limbo.”
The proposal which is aimed at enhancing the powers of the Commission, is awaiting approval from the Law Ministry. However she did not not elaborate on any specific reason because of which it is pending.
She also dismissed suggestions that there was a communication gap between WCD and Law ministries.
“I don’t think there is a communication gap. I think they have their views on it and perhaps we should at some point work through those views,” the Minister said.
Gandhi after taking charge had said that her Ministry wants to bring NCW on par with National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to effectively deal with cases of violence and harassment against women.
The WCD has proposed more powers for the NCW including giving it powers to investigate, search, seize, issue warrant and arrest in matters of domestic violence, police apathy and sexual harassment at work place.

Chaos reign as police stations struggle to handle flood relief work in J&KUpdated: September 17, 2014 19:32 IST
Chaos reign as police stations struggle to handle flood relief work in J&K
PTI
AP In this September 16, 2014 photo, flood victims reach out to receive relief distributed by volunteers in Srinagar.
TOPICS
flood
Officials at relief camps refer flood victims to nearest police stations to get food grains, but police say they do not have stocks to distribute.
Chaos has hit relief distribution in flood-ravaged Kashmir as some survivors of the natural calamity from the summer capital of the State are running from pillar to post to get food grains but to no avail.
Officials at various relief camps refer flood victims to the nearest police stations to get food grains —mostly rice is in demand — but police officials say they do not have stocks to distribute.
Ghulam Rasool, a resident of Padshahi Bagh in Srinagar, approached the Saddar Police Station with an application for release of food grains for his locality. The application was addressed to the Relief Officer in-charge of the concerned area who had marked it to Saddar Police Station.
“The police officers are telling us now to go to Sheikhpura in Budgam district for getting rice bags. We have been going around for two days now but to no avail,” Mr. Rasool told PTI as he was coming out of police station.
Mr. Rasool claimed that while several truck-loads of relief have been coming to neighbouring areas but nothing reached Padshahi Bagh locality.
A senior police officer said there was no relief material stored in the police stations in his area. “What shall we distribute when we have nothing here,” he asked.
He said the relief material coming from various areas arrives at the police station concerned but police does not distribute it and hands it over to local committees.
“Police has its plate full already. We are recovering bodies from flooded areas and there are reports of more bodies being sighted by locals in collapsed houses.
“In such a scenario, we cannot take the additional responsibility of relief distribution,” the officer said.
The government had directed that police stations be converted into base camps for distribution of relief material but the police officers are reluctant to do it as they fear outbreak of law and order problems.
The police officer said police stations do not have the space for storing large quantities of material.
“We get the material along with name of the area where it is to be distributed. We provide the security to the vehicles carrying relief material and hand it over to local committees for further distribution,” he added.
The base camp for collection of relief material inside the Railway Station at Budgam was also found to be almost empty. “We only have water and blankets here now. Rest of the material has been dispatched to various camps,” Basharat Ahmad, the officer in-charge, said.
A police official said the uneven distribution of the relief material had led to scuffles between groups of victims at several places but the situation was managed in time by the police intervention.
“The only way to ensure that all the needy get relief is to activate the Consumer Affairs and Public Distribution Department, at least in the areas which are now clear of flood water. It will resolve the problem to a large extent,” he added.

Wall Street climbs ahead of US Fed statement; DuPont jumpsWall Street climbs ahead of US Fed statement; DuPont jumps
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 08.24PM IST
0
Share More
US stocks rose, ahead of a key statement by the Fed which is expected to provide clues on the next monetary policy move.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks rose on Wednesday, ahead of a key statement by the Federal Reserve which is expected to provide clues on the next monetary policy move by the US central bank.
Materials sector shares led the advance, with DuPont up 4.4 percent at $68.72 after activist investor Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management, among the biggest shareholders in the company, urged it to separate its high-growth businesses from those with strong cash flows.
The broader market had its eyes on the Fed as it concludes a two-day policy meeting. It is expected to provide indications on how soon it may lift interest rates as it prepares for a shift in stance after years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The benchmark S&P 500 posted its best daily performance in a month Tuesday and the Dow industrials set a record intraday high amid wavering expectations regarding the Fed's stance.
Tuesday's rally "discounted a favorable Fed statement today so anything more hawkish than a statement very close to the last one will probably be read negatively," said Jack De Gan, chief investment officer at Harbor Advisory Corp in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
He said if the statement was supportive of equities, the S&P should test resistance near the 2,010 area.
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 28.87 points, or 0.17 percent, to 17,160.84, the S&P 500 was gaining 3.71 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,002.69 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 3.82 points, or 0.08 percent, to 4,556.58.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was U.S. Steel, which jumped 9.86 percent a day after the company estimated its results to be "significantly" higher than current Wall Street estimates. The largest decliner was Rackspace Hosting, down 15.98 percent after the cloud management services provider said it would not sell itself.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Civitas Solutions, down 1.47 percent to $16.75; Petrobras , up 2.57 percent to $17.96 and Alcoa Inc, up 0.19 percent to $16.19.
On the Nasdaq, Net Element Inc, up 34.2 percent to $3.49; TiVo INC, down 1.1 percent to $13.56 and Yahoo , down 0.5 percent to $42.50, were among most active.
Net Element announced it will make it possible for customers to use Apple Pay by integrating Apple services into its point-of-sale payment acceptance hardware and software.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,917 to 813, for a 2.36-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,419 issues were rising and 814 falling for a 1.74-to-1 ratio.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 30 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 24 new highs and 19 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

5 reasons why markets not making fresh highsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Five reasons Nifty is not hitting new highs
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 03.51PM IST
Tags:
Ajay Srivastava
(From all-time high of 8,180.20…)
MUMBAI: The Sensex closed the day at 26,631.29, up 138.78 points, while the broader 50-stock Nifty shut shop at 7,975.50, up 42.60 points.
Although the benchmark indices ended the day in green, the mood seems to have changed on Dalal Street.
The Nifty, after hitting a fresh all-time high on four occasions in September, has turned tepid.
"The Nifty has a strong resistance at 8000 and till the index doesn't close above that level, intra-day traders should utilise the rise as a shorting opportunity. The chart pattern that a majority of stocks have formed looks quite bearish in the short term while the momentum indicator, Know Sure Thing, has gone in a sell mode in many of the stocks," said a Sharekhan report.
"This indicates that the probability of a downside in the short term has increased. From the intra-day perspective, 8000 is the resistance whereas 7930 is the support," the report added.
Even as market experts remain bullish on the India growth story, there is uneasiness among investors. Inflows from foreign institutional investors have slowed down and domestic participation is not catching up.
A host of global and domestic factors have made investors jittery on the Indian markets. Here are five of them:
1) US Federal Reserve meet: The outcome of US central bank's meeting is the key for all the emerging markets, including India.
The US Federal Reserve in all likelihood is expected to end its quantitative easing program in the next few weeks. The major concern for the FIIs is the possibility of earlier-than-expected hike in US short-term interest rates. Jobs growth in the US has increased to a monthly average of 2,15,000 jobs, thus giving the US Fed an opportunity to sound more hawkish.
"Fed Chair Janet Yellen's press conference will set the tone for the market reaction. While they anticipate she will continue to support a patient and gradual normalization process, the risk is that the markets may sell off on the perception of a less dovish Fed," said a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
2) BJP's loss in assembly by-elections: The ruling Bhartiya Janata Party woke to a harsh reality in the just-concluded by-elections in eight states. It lost seats in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat.
Polls were held for 33 assembly seats, out of which the BJP lost 13 of the 23 it held. The new government is facing anti-incumbency in a little over 100 days into governance, say critics.
Analysts are of the view that it is not a good sign for the party which has a majority in the Lok Sabha.
"The big development yesterday was the adverse reaction to the BJP's 100 days of governance and this whole agenda of communalism affecting the economic policies coming to the fore," said Ajay Srivastava CEO , Dimensions Consulting.
The government lacks numbers in the Rajya Sabha and will have a tough time passing crucial bills.
"We have seen the might of the Rajya Sabha. There are policies and approvals which the Lok Sabha sees through, but have got stuck at the Rajya Sabha level. It is somewhat disconcerting and may take time to see resolution. The constitution and construction of the Rajya Sabha changes as elections at the state level begin to show through. It has been a dampener as we have seen in terms of FDI in insurance , for example," said Naina Lal Kidwai, Chairman, HSBC India, to ET Now.
3) Raghuram Rajan not in favour of rate cut: Corporates and a section of economists are of the view that the RBI governor should ease rates for the economic activity to pick up.
The governor has not obliged yet and with his recent comments, it appears that the rate cut cycle will take some time.
Rajan has given the clearest possible signal that he'll keep interest rates unchanged at the month-end monetary policy meeting.
"Inflation is coming down,"' Rajan told a banking conference on Monday. "This is consistent with our forecast. Macro indicators are improving, but still have some way to go before we can declare that we are out of the woods."
Arvind Sampath, Head Treasury, Fullerton India Credit Company, is of the view that till the RBI is convinced that its Jan 2016 CPI inflation target of 6 per cent is going to be met comfortably or is going to be met with certain interest rate change, till then, a large interest rate cut is difficult to expect.
4) Disappointing IIP data: The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) growth slipped to 0.5 per cent in July 2014 after an average 4.2 per cent growth in the first quarter of FY15.
The disappointment came from the manufacturing sector as it has 75.5 per cent weight in the IIP. After growing for three consecutive months, the manufacturing sector growth again contracted by 1 per cent in July 2014.
"While the Jun'14 Industrial production number was revised upward marginally (with a likely encore for the current month in the next release), overall weakness in the manufacturing sector, if persisted, is worrisome," said a JM Financial report.
5) CPI inflation: The inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August from nearly 8 per cent in the previous month, but its remains well above the RBI's comfort zone of 6 per cent.
According to analysts, the central bank is unlikely to ease interest rates as inflation remains at elevated levels.
"Inflation data certainly suggests there is a strong case for hiking rates. CPI is at 8 per cent and we are not even a quarter into our economic recovery process. If it is already at 8 per cent, once the recovery picks up steam, there is a high chance that inflation will go north of 8 per cent," said Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO, Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital.
"As Raghuram Rajan hinted yesterday, he is certainly not going to cut. Whether he will hike or not is something I do not know, but as an economist , I do believe he should be hiking because it is pretty clear to us that inflation pressures are considerable even without economic tailwind strongly behind India," Mukherjea added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Peltz fund calls for DuPont break-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7aa72374-3e72-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony rethinks smartphone strategyLast updated: September 17, 2014 4:11 pm
Sony rethinks smartphone strategy amid mounting losses
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47baa87e-3e5d-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

British volunteer receives Ebola vaccine in second human trialBy Abby Phillip September 17 Follow @abbydphillip
Felicity Hartnell, a clinical research fellow at Oxford University, injects Ruth Atkins with an experimental Ebola vaccine in Oxford, England. (Steve Parsons/Associated Press/Pool)
A 48-year old British woman became the first volunteer to receive a dose of an experimental Ebola vaccine as a new trial began Wednesday at the University of Oxford.
Ruth Atkins, a former National Health Service nurse, received an injection in her upper arm on Wednesday morning, becoming the first of 60 participants in the trial.
In a statement, Atkins said that she felt "absolutely fine" after receiving what is currently known as the NIAID/GSK vaccine, after the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline.
"I volunteered because the situation in West Africa is so tragic and I thought being part of this vaccination process was something small I could do to hopefully make a huge impact," she said. "I first heard about the trial while driving home from work when Professor Hill was interviewed on BBC Radio Oxford and asked for volunteers to come forward."
The study is being led by professor Adrian Hill of the Jenner Institute at Oxford. The trial is a companion to the one being conducted in the United States at the National Institutes of Health; that one began last week. In the NIH study, half of the 20 participants have received the vaccine and so far "no red flags" have been reported to indicate adverse effects.
The vaccine was developed by GlaxoSmithKline in conjunction with the NIH . And it uses a strain of a chimpanzee cold virus called chimp adenovirus type 3 to deliver the benign genetic material of the Zaire strain of Ebola. The genetic material delivered to the patient isn't able to replicate and poses no health risk, but it is intended to prompt the immune system to kick in.
The trials are intended to first demonstrate that the vaccine is safe for use in humans, and they will be followed by larger clinical trials.
GSK is producing 10,000 doses of the vaccine while the human trials are underway so that if it is deemed safe, those vaccines can be deployed in the current West African outbreak.
"These are initial safety trials of the vaccine and it will be some time before we know whether the vaccine could protect people against Ebola," Oxford's Hill said in a statement. "But we are optimistic that the candidate vaccine may prove useful against the disease in the future."
Others have cautioned, though, that in order to determine whether the vaccine works in humans, it needs to be tested in West Africa.
“There is clearly a need for this vaccine, but what is not clear is whether it will work well enough to protect someone from Ebola," said Ben Newman, a virologist at the University of Reading. "This vaccine uses some of the best available technology to give the immune system a good long look at its target -- a small but vitally important part of the virus. However we won't really be able to tell whether the vaccine works until it is tested on the ground in West Africa."
He added that "two trials with HIV vaccines that used very similar vaccine technology have recently failed, despite promising initial results."
The vaccine would be used to inoculate people who are at risk of contracting Ebola, preventing them from falling ill with the deadly disease if they become exposed. It is different from experimental treatments such as ZMapp, which are intended to treat people who are already infected with Ebola. ZMapp contains anti-bodies that attach to the Ebola virus and prevent it from replicating in the sick person.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Federal Reserve Renews Zero Interest Rate PledgeYou are here: Home Economy
Fed Renews Zero Interest Rate Pledge, Restates Concern on Job Market
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 02:41 (IST)
E-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Washington: The Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time", but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the US central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the US central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analysed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The Fed has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs.
In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market.
After the statement, the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on US Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
US stocks ended up with the Dow at a record high. ( Read more )
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 per cent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 per cent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker".
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
(Read: Yellen's remarks at the press conference )
Earlier on Wednesday, the government released data that showed consumer prices notched their first decline in nearly 1-1/2 years in August. The report also showed underlying inflation pressures were muted, which could bolster the Fed's resolve to keep a loose monetary policy in place.
Exit strategy
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings sometime after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Dollar climbs to six-year peak vs yen on Fed rate forecastsDollar climbs to six-year peak vs yen on Fed rate forecasts
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.24AM IST
0
Share More
In mid-afternoon trading, the dollar surged to 108.10 yen, the highest since mid-September 2008, and was last at 107.78, up 0.7 per cent.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The dollar jumped to a six-year high against the yen on Wednesday while the euro tumbled from five-month peaks after forecasts from the Federal Reserve showed a faster pace of rate hikes over the next few years than initially projected in June.
The Fed's statement after a two-day policy meeting remained cautious, however, sticking to its low interest rate pledge for a "considerable time" and expressing concern about slack in the labor market, but currency investors focused on the Fed's interest rate projections.
For the end of next year, the median of the projections was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent.
"The dollar is reacting to the interest rate forecasts, which were higher," said Vassili Serebriakov, currency strategist, at BNP Paribas in New York. "The Fed statement, on the other hand, was pretty dovish, but the market has already priced that in following reports from yesterday."
High interest rates burnish the allure of dollar-denominated assets.
There were also two dissenters to the Fed decision to keep its near-zero rate pledge. Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser argued that the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
In mid-afternoon trading, the dollar surged to 108.10 yen , the highest since mid-September 2008, and was last at 107.78, up 0.7 per cent.
The euro slid to $1.2947, down 0.1 per cent, after hitting a five-month high of $1.2981.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Court summons Swamy in another libel case filed byJayaPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:20 am
A court in Chennai on Wednesday summoned BJP leader Subramanian Swamy to appear before it on October 30 in connection with a defamation suit filed against him by Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.
Principal Sessions Judge Audinathan ordered issuance of summons after a libel complaint was filed by the city public prosecutor M L Jagan on Tuesday.
The complaint stated that on September 12, Swamy had allegedly made defamatory comments on a micro-blogging site related to granting of police permission to hold a memorial meeting for a slain leader of a proscribed outfit.
Swamy had already been issued summons to appear on the same day before the same court in another defamation case filed by Jayalalithaa pertaining to the fishermen
issue.    PTI

Virbhadras petition on I-T case adjourned to September24Print
Express News Service | Shimla | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:18 am
The Himachal Pradesh High Court on Wednesday decided to hear on September 24 the petition filed by Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh and his relatives, including wife Pratibha Singh, against the order of the income tax commissioner of Shimla to transfer cases relating to their tax returns to Chandigarh.
Last month, the court had stayed the transfer of the investigations to Chandigarh.
On Wednesday the case was listed for hearing before Chief Justice Mansoor Ahmad Mir and Justice Tarlok Singh Chauhan but was adjourned.
In the petitions filed by Virbhadra, Pratibha, their son Vikramaditya Singh, daughter Aparajita Kumari, one Anand Chauhan (caretaker of Virbhadra’s orchards) and Chunni Lal Chauhan (proprietor of M/s Universal Apples), they have challenged the orders to transfer their cases to Chandigarh on the ground of conducting coordinated and joint investigation in all cases.
They alleged that the coordinated and joint investigation of all cases can be done in Shimla also, and there was no need to transfer the cases to Chandigarh as this will only result in their harassment.    ENS

FDI in construction likely to be eased before PMs USvisitAccording to sources, the department of industrial policy and promotion has floated a Cabinet note on the proposal for inter-ministerial consultations.
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:18 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:30 am
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States next week, the government is expected to ease norms for foreign direct investment in the construction sector.
According to sources, the department of industrial policy and promotion — the nodal agency for FDI rules — has floated a Cabinet note on the proposal for inter-ministerial consultations.
“The proposal, which is on the lines of the Budget announcement, is likely to be taken up by the Union Cabinet in its next meeting,” said an official familiar with the development. Once it is approved, it is expected to be notified immediately, he added.
Accordingly, the DIPP has proposed to reduce the requirement of the built-up area and capital conditions for FDI in the sector to 20,000 square metre and $5 million, respectively, with a three-year post- completion lock-in. Currently, the requirements are for built up area of 50,000 square metre and capital of $10 million.
Though 100 per cent FDI is permitted through the automatic route in the construction sector, finance minister Arun Jaitley had in the Union Budget in July announced plans to liberalise norms to “to encourage development of Smart Cities, which will also provide habitation for the neo-middle class”.
“The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill to hike FDI in the sector to 49 per cent is already in Parliament while higher FDI caps for defence and railways has been notified. This is the last announcement on FDI that is to be implemented,” said the official, adding that it will help the government attract investments to the sector.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to leave for the US on September 26 for a five day visit where he is also expected to meet US businessmen as he seeks to promote India as an investment destination.
The NDA government has been keen to promote construction of smart cities to help meet the country’s urbanisation challenge and 100 such cities are being planned to be constructed. The government is understood to be identifying such cities at present that will be selected based on their population.
VISION SMART CITY
BUILT-UP AREA: To be reduced to 20,000 sq metre
CAPITAL CONDITIONS: Reduced to $5 million
LOCK-IN PERIOD: Three years post completion
SMART CITY: The government is looking at liberalising the FDI norms in construction with an eye on realising its Smart City vision

Read Vavilala speeches  Deputy Speaker tells MLAsUpdated: September 18, 2014 01:24 IST
Read Vavilala speeches, Deputy Speaker tells MLAs
Correspondent
Tweet
THE HINDU Avanigadda TDP MLA Mandali Buddha Prasad. Photo: Ch. Vijaya Bhaskar
Mandali Buddha Prasad unveils the bust size statue of Grandhalaya movement leader Jayanti Ramalakshmana Murty on the premises of the district library complex
Deputy Speaker Mandali Buddha Prasad has advised newly-elected MLAs to read speeches of freedom fighter Vavilala Gopalakrishnayya on the floor of the Assembly to win best legislator award in future.
Speaking at the 108 birthday celebrations of Vavilala, which were organised jointly by Jattu Bhaava Samakhya Trust, A.P. Grandhalaya Sangham and Zilla Grandhalaya Samstha at Gurajada Kala Bharati on Wednesday, the Deputy Speaker referred to the behaviour of some MLAs in the recent Assembly session and recalled how the late leader used to corner the ruling party on various issues. He asked the present MLAs to read his books, including Visalandhra. “Vavilala had fought relentlessly for unified State and promotion of Telugu. But, unfortunately we all failed to keep the State united. It will be a better tribute if Vavilala’s biography is included in school books.”
Earlier, Mr. Prasad presented ‘Vavilala Spurthi’ award to Rongali Pothanna, former chairperson of Zilla Grandhalayam and also unveiled the bust size statue of Grandhalaya movement leader Jayanti Ramalakshmana Murty on the premises of the district library complex. Leaders of all political parties participated in the celebrations.

Gloria Allred and Family of Alleged Abuse Victim of NFL Player Speak Livegloria allred and family of alleged abuse victim of nfl player speak live
Stocks climb after Fed talk; Dow closes at recordNASDAQ
---
After rising 89 points to topple its prior-day record, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 24.88 points, or 0.2 percent, to 17,156.85, with 17 of 30 components rising, led by DuPont .
The S&P 500 rose 2.59 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,001.57, with materials faring best and energy the worst performing of its 10 major sectors.
FedEx rose after the shipper reported first-quarter earnings that topped estimates; Lennar also gained as the home builder posted quarterly earnings and revenue above expectations, and General Mills fell after the food producer tallied earnings and revenue below estimates. Auxilium Pharmaceuticals rallied a day after the drug developer drew an unsolicited bid from Endo International.
The Nasdaq climbed 9.43 points, or 0.2 percent, to 4,562.19.
The CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, dropped 0.9 percent to 12.61.
Advancers remained a step ahead of decliners on the New York Stock Exchange, where 668 million shares traded. Composite volume approached 3.2 billion.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures dropped 80 cents to $1,235.90 an ounce, oil futures dropped 46 cents to end at $94.42 a barrel.
The dollar turned higher against the currencies of major U.S. trading partners and the yield on the 10-year Treasury note used to figure mortgage rates and other consumer loans fluctuated, lately up 2 basis points at 2.615 percent.
The Consumer Price Index declined 0.2 percent last month, while prices excluding food and energy costs held unchanged.
"The CPI certain doesn't add a lot of enthusiasm for tightening. If I were Yellen, I'd like to see very solid evidence of either real growth or some inflation before we start turning the dial," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
Other economic data Wednesday had a measure of confidence among home builders rose to its highest level since 2005 .
On Tuesday, U.S. stocks jumped, lifting the Dow industrials to a record, as oil and other commodities surged on a report that China's central bank would increase stimulus and on the view that the Federal Reserve would not rush to hike rates.
Read More Stocks climb on hopes for Fed, Chinese stimulus
August CPI down 0.2%
CNBC's Rick Santelli breaks down the latest numbers on the consumer. And CNBC's Steve Liesman weighs in on how the numbers may likely impact the Fed's policy decision.
—By CNBC's Kate Gibson

US Fed to end bondbuying not to change interest rateUS Fed to end bondbuying not to change interest rate
Delhi girl gang-raped by friendsDelhi girl gang-raped by friends
People s participation in cleanliness drive important: ShahPeople s participation in cleanliness drive important: Shah
Saradha scam: Former Assam top cop shoots selfSaradha scam: Former Assam top cop shoots self
Microsoft to Acquire Minecraft Maker Mojang for $2.5 BillionYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft to Acquire Minecraft Maker Mojang for $2.5 Billion
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 19:10 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Stockholm: Microsoft Corp said on Monday it has agreed to acquire Stockholm-based game developer Mojang and the company's wildly popular Minecraft video game franchise for $2.5 billion.
Microsoft said in a statement it expects the acquisition to be break-even in fiscal year 2015 on a GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) basis. The deal is expected to close in late 2014.
"Gaming is a top activity spanning devices, from PCs and consoles to tablets and mobile, with billions of hours spent each year," Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said.
"Minecraft is more than a great game franchise - it is an open world platform, driven by a vibrant community we care deeply about, and rich with new opportunities for that community and for Microsoft."
Microsoft said it plans to continue to make Minecraft available across all the platforms on which it is available today: PC, iOS, Android, Xbox and PlayStation.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

US Safety Chief Raps GM s  Flawed  Culture on RecallsApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
The top US auto safety regulator harshly criticized General Motors Co for not promptly reporting and recalling cars now linked to at least 19 deaths and said he has been meeting with top global automakers to develop a "new normal" for safety recalls.
In his most pointed comments to date about GM's lapses, David Friedman, acting administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, said the automaker put its own reputation ahead of the safety of its customers.
"GM very clearly made some incredibly poor decisions when it came to their culture," Friedman said in an interview Monday. "They were more worried about us (NHTSA) getting information about problems than they were about actually fixing problems."
Earlier on Monday, the chief of GM's victim settlement fund raised the number of deaths from accidents caused by the automaker's defective ignition switches to 19, up from 13.
Friedman's comments come ahead of his appearance on Tuesday before a Senate panel in which he will likely be grilled about his own agency's failure to connect the dots on years of consumer complaints and accident data about GM cars with a deadly ignition switch flaw.
GM earlier this year recalled 2.6 million vehicles because of the risk the switches could unexpectedly turn off engines during operation and disable airbags.
Tuesday's hearing, chaired by Senator Claire McCaskill, is focusing on whether NHTSA is effectively implementing and enforcing highway and vehicle safety laws, and whether Congress should make additional reforms in the wake of GM recalls, said a staffer for the consumer protection subcommittee.
McCaskill has introduced legislation to increase NHTSA's authority to fine carmakers for safety violations.
Friedman said in the interview that his agency had started a program of "unprecedented oversight" with GM and other automakers.
"We're setting a system up where the minute they sneeze about a safety issue, we're able to be aware of it and make sure we understand how they're dealing with it," he said.
In recent months, Friedman said he has invited senior executives from 12 global automakers to talk about how to establish a "new normal" when it comes to recalls.
During those discussions, Friedman said he is "making clear that we have zero tolerance when it comes to automakers failing to act quickly and aggressively" on reporting and recalling defective cars.
As part of a settlement in May with NHTSA, GM agreed to pay a $35 million fine for its delayed response to the ignition switch problems. GM also was required to hold regular meetings with NHTSA to report on efforts to catch safety problems and it also must give the agency monthly reports on any emerging defect issues.
Friedman said GM had "a fundamentally flawed system and culture that was focused more on profits than on safety," but acknowledged the automaker has been overhauling its defect and recall reporting system under Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra.
He said the agency has been pressure-testing GM's revised system to make sure their new approach is rock solid.
"We ran them through their paces, ran them through a variety of scenarios," said Friedman. "We are trying to make sure that General Motors fundamentally changes both their practice and their culture" on finding and fixing defects.
GM did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
Friedman said he was "not shocked" by attorney Kenneth Feinberg's initial report Monday that he has approved 19 of 125 death claims made to a GM fund established to compensate families of victims who died in switch-related crashes.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apple: Record 4 Million Orders of iPhones on 1st DayApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New York: Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new, larger iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said on Monday.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday and throughout September, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple said. Phones will still be available Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores and from various wireless carriers and authorized Apple resellers.
Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012. That was for the iPhone 5, the previous time Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.
Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c phones in the first three days they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the first 24 hours of advance orders.
The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6 is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.
Besides larger screens, the new phones announced last week offer faster performance and a wireless chip for making credit card payments at retail stores by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The phones start at $199 with a two-year service contact.
The new phones will initially be available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. Availability will expand to more than 20 additional countries a week later.
A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices will be available to existing users on Wednesday. The new phones will come with the update, known as iOS 8.
Apple's stock rose 30 cents to $101.96 in midday trading Monday.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 08:26 (IST)

China Advances Gold Exchange Launch  Singapore DelaysYou are here: Home Market
China Advances Gold Exchange Launch, Singapore Delays Contract
Reuters | Updated On: September 16, 2014 12:44 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Singapore: China will launch its international gold exchange 11 days ahead of schedule, sources said on Tuesday, racing ahead in the scramble to set up an Asian bullion benchmark as rival Singapore is forced to delay its gold contract due to technical issues.
Asia, home to the world's top two gold buyers - China and India, has been clamouring to gain pricing power over the metal and challenge the dominance of London and New York in trading.
The state-run Shanghai Gold Exchange (SGE) will launch the global gold bourse in the Shanghai free-trade zone on Thursday, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. The SGE had initially planned the launch for September29.
The change was made based on the availability of some government officials to participate in the launch event, one of the sources said, adding that all 11 physical gold contracts will begin trading on Thursday.
The ability to bring forward the launch, which will mark the first time foreign players will be allowed to participate directly in China's physical gold market - the biggest in the world, shows the country's preparedness with the exchange that it is hoping will become the centre of Asian gold trading.
The response has been strong, with the bourse exceeding expectations in signing up trading members, Reuters reported earlier.
Meanwhile, Singapore has delayed the launch of its gold contract to October, two other sources said. The 25 kg contract was set to be launched on the Singapore Exchange this month. The delay was due to some technical issues in setting up the trading system, the sources said.
Officials at the Singapore Exchange and SGE were not immediately available for comment.
CME Group will launch a physically deliverable contract in Hong Kong later this year, while Dubai is also preparing to launch a contract. Thailand is also considering setting up a spot gold exchange.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Buy  banks  auto and cement stocks: Shrikant ChouhanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alstom to Supply Turbine to Hydropower Plant in VietnamYou are here: Home Corporates
Alstom to Supply Turbine to Hydropower Plant in Vietnam
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 16, 2014 19:53 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Engineering major Alstom has bagged a contract worth around 13 million euros from Electricity of Vietnam (EVN) for the extension project of the Thac Mo 75 MW hydropower plant in the country.
The aim of this project is to increase peak load capacity to support the existing 150 MW Thac Mo power station with 75 MW of additional power, Alstom said in a statement.
The scope of the contract includes designing, manufacturing, testing, supply, erection and commissioning of electro-mechanical equipment, consisting of one vertical Francis turbine of 75 MW, generator, control systems and electrical balance-of-plant equipment, the statement said.
The main turbines and generators will be manufactured at Alstom's Vadodara facility in Gujarat.
The electrical and mechanical balance-of-plant items will be supplied from various countries, including Vietnam.
The existing Thac Mo power station has two 75 MW Francis type turbines and was commissioned in 1995. It supplies power to the national grid of EVN covering the southern part of Vietnam.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 18:32 (IST)

Two-buck stocks: 66 companies fall to $2 or lessTwo-buck stocks: 66 fall to $2 or less
By: Matt Krantz September 16, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Got a buck? That’s basically enough to buy up a piece of some companies you probably remember fondly.
There are 66 companies – worth more than $90 million – that trade primarily on a major U.S. exchange for $2 a share or less. Some of these companies are fallen heroes of days gone by, including gadget seller Radio Shack (RSH) , surfwear maker Quiksilver (ZQK) and teen retailer Pacific Sunwear (PSUN) .
Falling under the two-buck barrier is clearly not where companies want to be. They face trouble raising money – or worse yet – possibly getting booted from the exchange. Some of the sub-$2 companies are big hits of days gone by.
Remember when you needed a cord for your Betamax? Your first stop was Radio Shack. Now, you can buy a share of the company for less than what you spent on the cord.  A buck and six cents. Some investors think the stock might be in play – as a real-estate grab by an online retailer. But as time wears on, RadioShack’s LED clock radio gets dimmer.
Chart source: MSN Money
Surf’s up – for most stocks – but not Quiksilver. The surfwear company that made tubular threads in the 90s – is struggling mightily. It’s expected to lose money until 2016. Seems like the whole surf look is wiping out. Ah …  Pacific Sunwear. You probably bought your first Ocean Pacific shirt there in the 80s. Or, you don’t know what an O.P. shirt is. Now the stock is trading for less than the price of a nylon and Velcro wallet.  A buck — 97 cents.
Chart source: MSN Money
When stocks get this low, investors know it’s not sustainable. Radio Shack said it’s looking for options. But the longer it takes for a stock to get above $2, the fewer of those options that exist.
Below are five of the stocks listed on major U.S. exchanges, worth $90 million or more, that trade for $2 or less:
Company

Why you should avoid most new mutual fundsThe mutual fund class of 2013: Why you should avoid most new funds
By: John Waggoner September 16, 2014 12:21 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The mutual fund industry rolled out 496 new funds last year (1,685 if you count each share class separately). How have all these fresh-faced new funds fared?
Sam Ward, USA TODAY
A lot depends on the area the fund invests in. And, unfortunately, the fund industry is really good at rolling out lots of new funds in sectors that are about to do really badly. The class of 2013 is no exception: Of the 496 new funds, 87 are alternative funds, which mimic hedge fund strategies.
What’s wrong with that? Aside from being unusually expensive and generally poor performers , nothing, really. But the California Public Employees Retirement System has sold all its hedge funds because — wait for it — they’re expensive and poor performers.
Why push out so many alternative funds?  Fund companies are just as short-sighted and prone to running with the herd as the rest of us. And it’s very hard to sell a fund in an area that has done badly. Can you imagine this ad: “Introducing the FundCo Russia fund. Because losses can’t get much worse.”
Normally, fund companies run with whatever’s running hot. Typically, though, by the time the fund is assembled and approved for sale to the public, whatever is running hot has gone cold. But 2013 was different. Instead of rolling out funds that played on greed, fund companies went for fear.
Alt funds promise to mute the downside of a rip-snorting bull market — something that appeals to investors who have suffered through two soul-searing bear markets since 2000. Get most of the upside and lose most of the downside? Most investors would take that.
Unfortunately, alt funds haven’t done well this year, although new new alt funds have done better than the average alt. The Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index has gained 9.0%. through Friday, including reinvested dividends. The long-short equity fund, which makes bets that some stocks will fall while making bets that others will rise, has gained 3%. The average long-short fund is up 3.9%.
So there’s the underperformance part. Expense? The average long-short fund charges 1.85%, according to Lipper, and the average long-short fund in the class of 2013 charges 2.28%.
Sure, there are often some new funds worth looking at. But when you see a big surge in one category, it’s usually a good idea to stay away.

Alibaba avalanche! Giant IPOs swamp marketAlibaba avalanche! Giant IPOs swamp market
By: Matt Krantz September 16, 2014 12:35 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(AFP/Getty)
Alibaba is about to flood the market with more than $20 billion of new stock. That money has to come from somewhere, and investors fear it’s coming out of the Tesla, Facebook and Amazon.com’s of the world.
There is some truth to the fear. It takes the market awhile to absorb giant IPOs, according to research from Bespoke Investment Group. The Standard & Poor’s 500 has declined an average of 2.2% in the one month ahead of the last five monster-sized IPOs, Bespoke says. And the S&P 500 fell 5.3% on average from the highs ahead of these giant IPOs to the lows.
If there’s any good news, it’s that the market finally starts to digest these huge IPOs. It just takes time. The S&P 500 gained an average of 0.3% in the month following the past five biggest IPOs.
If history is a guide, even if you don’t use Alibaba and nor care to even know what it does, prepare for some volatility as the market absorbs the shares.
Source: Bespoke Investment Group

Croma  Snapdeal.com tie-up to sell electronic goods onlineComments
Tata Group-promoted Infiniti Retail, which runs consumer durables chain Croma, have entered into a strategic partnership with e-commerce firm Snapdeal.com, where Croma will open its brand store on Snapdeal’s marketplace to tap more customers.
Interestingly, Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, picked up a stake in Snapdeal last month. Officials, however, said the tie-up had no relation with the investment made by Tata.
“We are only present in 16 cities. Snapdeal brings presence across the country, so we get access to more customers… The association is designed to enable both the firms leverage from each other’s strengths,” said Ajit Joshi, MD and CEO, Infiniti Retail.
Apart from physical retail stores, Croma also has its own e-commerce portal — cromaretail.com — and is present on other online marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay.
In the initial phase, Croma and Snapdeal would jointly work towards market development initiatives, establishment of joint collaboration on customer and vendor outreach programmes and category development.
“On Snapdeal, we want to create certainty of availability of products at best prices. Croma has an amazing array of products in retail stores,” said Kunal Bahl, co-founder and CEO, Snapdeal.com.
According to analysts, getting on to an online marketplace helps brick-and-mortar players scale up faster at lower costs. Also, online portals get more customer traffic with presence of strong retail brands.
Last month, Tata Value Homes entered into a partnership with Snapdeal to allow customers purchase homes online.

Norms for fresh bank licences by March: RBIComments
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said it will issue final guidelines for on-tap universal banking licences before the end of 2014-15.
“We are working towards issuing guidelines for full service banks on-tap… I cannot give you a timeline, but it will be in this financial year,” R Gandhi, deputy governor, RBI said on the sidelines of a banking event organised jointly by Indian Banks Association and Ficci in Mumbai.
Gandhi also said that based on PJ Nayak Committee recommendations, the posts of chairman and managing director in public sector banks would be segregated, while having a separate committee for appointment of directors to the boards of these banks.  “They are taking up the final decision (for consideration),” Gandhi said.
On-tap licensing essentially means that companies wishing to open full service banks can apply to the central bank at any time. At present, such companies are only given a limited period  window to apply for banking licences.
Last year, the central bank had granted preliminary banking licences to IDFC Ltd and Bandhan Financial Services Pvt Ltd. Before this, the central bank had issued bank licences in 2003-04, when Yes Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank got banking licences.
RBI has already issued draft guidelines for payment banks and small banks as part of the differential banking model that exists in developed economies such as the US, Australia, and Singapore. Such banks do not need to provide full services and can offer specialised services in their operations.
“Now the public comments (on small and payment banks) have been received and we are factoring in them. Soon we will come out with the final guidelines on these two,” Gandhi said.
RBI has given licences to only  12 banks in the private sector in the last two decades.

Alibaba effect: Stock supply to swell as IPO nears'Baba' effect: Supply of stock set to swell as Alibaba IPO nears
By: Adam Shell September 16, 2014 12:16 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Alibaba Group Chairman Jack Ma has whipped up demand for shares of its coming IPO. (AFP/Getty Images)
Supply and demand, the famous macro-economic concept, is playing out in the stock market. With 320.1 million shares of Alibaba set to flood the market, some investors are selling shares of other stocks to raise cash to buy Alibaba.
The trend of selling other holdings to help fund big helpings of Alibaba shares on Friday, when the Chinese Internet giant is expected to sell shares to the public for the first time, was evident in trading Monday and last Friday. The Nasdaq composite, for example, which is full of tech names and social media stocks and Internet shares, fell 1.1% Monday and 0.5% Friday, for a two-day loss of 1.6%.
Individual stocks that got hurt in the two-day sell-off include momentum names such as social-media darling Facebook, which fell 4.3%, Internet search giant Google down 1.4%, online retailer Amazon.com down 2% and name-your-own price Internet retailer Priceline.com down 2%.
(Tuesday, that selling seems to have let up, with the S&P 500 up more than 16 points or 0.8% in late afternoon trading and the Nasdaq up 0.8%; the stocks listed above are also up from 1.4% to 2%, perhaps suggesting that investors have raised the cash necessary for their Alibaba purchases. Another theory widely circulating on Wall Street is that investors are now betting that the Federal Reserve won’t change any of its language related to the timing of the first interest rate hike after all. If the Fed stands pat, it means the timetable for the first rate hike will likely not have to be pushed forward to earlier next year as feared, from the mid-year projections now priced in.)
Bespoke Investment Group has dubbed this trading phenomenon: “The Baba Effect.” Bespoke blames the sell-off in the so-called “momentum” stocks listed above on investors positioning themselves for the Alibaba share onslaught. “With over $20 billion in (fresh) stock supply hitting the street, marginal buyers were much harder to find,” the firm said.
The two-day sell-off  coincided with rumors that, due to strong demand for its initial public offering, Alibaba would increase its offering price range from $66 to $68 from the initial range of $60 to $66. Alibaba confirmed the higher range in a regulatory filing after the market closed Monday. It did not, however, increase the number of shares for sale. Alibaba is selling 320.1 million shares, which means it could raise as much as $21.8 billion, which would top Visa’s record-breaking IPO of $17.9 billion in March 2008.
The Alibaba IPO is expected to be the biggest the world has ever seen.
Ample liquidity has been a big driver of this bull market, but with a lot of cash now chasing Alibaba shares, the impact of fewer dollars chasing other stocks on Wall Street can act as a short-term drag on the broader market, says Robert Maltbie, president of Singular Research. His liquidity readings, which were positive at the end of August, are moving toward neutral, he says, which is a potential negative for stocks.
“This flood of new stock issuance looks like it will impact an otherwise bullish outlook on the market,” Maltbie told USA TODAY, adding that more Alibaba shares will hit the open market over the next year as so-called share lock-up agreements end and insiders and other early investors are able to sell their shares on the open market. Maltbie estimates that an additional $160 billion in Alibaba shares will have to be absorbed due to lock-ups expiring.
Maltbie uses the analogy of a homeowner wanting to get top dollar for his house, only to learn that three other homeowners on the same block also decide to put their homes up for sale, resulting in lower prices as the supply-demand dynamic gets out of whack amid a set number of dollars chasing multiple investments.
“It has a dampening effect,” says Maltbie. “It creates a competition for dollars. Investors have to sell something to buy it (Alibaba).”
Alibaba, which is a Chinese company domiciled outside the U.S., won’t be eligible for inclusion in the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, either. That means the more than $21 billion spent to buy Alibaba shares Friday won’t benefit the broader U.S. stock market. “It can’t be a positive impact for the S&P 500 because the money is going elsewhere,” says Maltbie.
The past few years, the average cash inflows into the market have averaged $20 billion to $30 billion per month, which means Alibaba’s first-day trade could equal almost a full month of inflows, according to Maltbie.
The Alibaba IPO, coupled with the Federal Reserve’s ongoing shift to less market stimulus, can be summed up simply:  “The common theme for these two events is less liquidity in the markets,” says Pat Adams, a money manager at Choice Investment Management.

China keen on pushing reactorsNEW DELHI, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 09:47 IST
China keen on pushing reactors
Suhasini Haidar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the BRICS Summit in Brazil. File photo
TOPICS
diplomacy
Talks on nuclear cooperation to find a place in joint statement
Beijing is expected to push its new-generation APC1000 nuclear reactors during talks between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi here. The two leaders are expected to discuss the possibility of a civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Mr. Xi arriving in India on Wednesday.
The discussions, still at a very incipient stage, will find their way into the joint statement, say officials, although no outcomes are expected.
Replying to a question by The Hindu, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “It would be normal if, when, two countries with such huge energy requirements, with such huge interest in promoting nuclear energy, meet, there could be discussions on possible cooperation in this area.”
The proposal for civil nuclear cooperation was initiated by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang during his visit to India in May 2013. Since then, sources say, Chinese officials have spoken about the possibility of supplying reactors to India with visiting delegations. But there has been little movement, given India’s opposition to China’s offer of two APC1000 reactors to Pakistan to be built near Karachi.

Sebi chief voices concern over MFs paying high commissionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Equity dilution concerns weigh  GMR Infra slumps over 10%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Outperform on Wipro  target Rs 670: IDFC Institutional SecuritiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

OW Pidilite on improving growth trend: JP MorganE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Short View: Fed watchers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/708418f8-3db8-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wal-Mart Vice President Forced Out for Lying About DegreeApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
David Tovar, the vice president for corporate communications at Wal-Mart, was forced to resign after the retailer discovered that he had lied about receiving an art degree from the University of Delaware.
A spokeswoman for the school, Andrea Boyle, confirmed in an email that Tovar had attended the university for four years but did not graduate.
"It's my mistake. I own it," Tovar, who had been with the company for eight years, said in an interview. "I definitely didn't disclose that I didn't have a degree, and there were times where it was probably an error of omission."
Tovar said he had thought he had the necessary credits to graduate from the University of Delaware with an art degree in 1996 but discovered months after participating in the graduation ceremony that he was "a couple of credit hours short." Years later, when people asked about his educational background, he would say that he had attended the university, but would not disclose that he had not graduated.
He said in the interview that he did not remember what his resume stated.
Dan Bartlett, Wal-Mart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, confirmed Tovar's departure in an internal announcement on Friday. "During his time in the company, Dave has made many contributions to build our brand and to help make Wal-Mart a better business," he wrote.
Tovar handled much of the company's publicity after accusations that it violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which forbids U.S. companies from greasing international trade wheels by bribing foreign officials. The New York Times reported in 2012 that Wal-Mart, the United States' largest retailer, had routinely bribed Mexican officials to accelerate its expansion in that country.
Tovar was known to push back at media coverage that he considered critical of his employer. In June, he mocked an article by the Times columnist Timothy Egan on Wal-Mart's blog by posting a copy of it marked up in red outlining what he viewed as errors.
On Tuesday, Tovar said that Wal-Mart had planned to promote him to a senior vice president position and discovered his education history during a routine background check that was more rigorous than the one conducted when he was hired.
"I suppose the irony here is that I was about to be promoted and now a couple weeks later I'm going to be leaving the company," he said.
Tovar is not the first high-level executive to be accused of misrepresenting his education history. In 2012, Yahoo's chief executive, Scott Thompson, resigned under pressure after it was revealed that he had lied about receiving a computer science degree.
Tovar said that he had contacted the University of Delaware to determine which credits he was missing.
"I'm in the process of trying to figure out what I need to finish up the last class in order to get my degree," he said. "And then I plan to resume my career."
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 07:47 (IST)

Alibaba IPO Bodes Well for Casino s Cnova ListingRBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
Sao Paulo: The frenzy around Alibaba Group Holding Inc's initial public offering this week is giving a boost to Casino Guichard Perrachon & Cie's plans to list its e-commerce unit in the United States by January, bankers and analysts said.
The Alibaba deal, which could fetch more than $22 billion, should add firepower to the listing of Cnova, Casino's platform with over $4 billion in annual sales in France, Brazil, Colombia, Thailand and Vietnam, just as major rivals expand their global reach. Alibaba's IPO is expected to price on September 18.
The Cnova IPO is expected to happen between December and January, two sources with direct knowledge of the plan said. Analysts expect Cnova's IPO to benefit from the earlier listings of Alibaba and Chinese rival JD.com Inc in May.
The decision to list Cnova on the Nasdaq will lure the world's best technology investment firms into the trade, the first source said. The timing of Alibaba's listing "couldn't be better" for the Cnova transaction, the source added.
"This will naturally bring about a recycling of money. People will make money with the Alibaba IPO, then cash out some of the gains and buy into another case," the second source said. "Many people are active because of Alibaba deal - it's an anchor that will help lure more people" into trades like Cnova.
Both sources declined to be identified because of regulatory restrictions related to the IPO plan.
Zia Wigder, head of research of consultancy firm Forrester, said the Alibaba IPO poses no threat to other e-commerce IPOs, especially in countries where the Chinese giant is not dominant.
Discount
The Cnova IPO intends to combine Casino's e-commerce assets into an international holding company while maintaining the efficiencies of its joint e-commerce and bricks-and-mortar business. According to Grupo BTG Pactual analysts led by Fabio Monteiro, shares of two Casino subsidiaries in Brazil - whose online businesses will be run by Cnova - could have relevant upside thanks to listing.
Considering sales equivalent to 1 time to 1.5 times enterprise value - a gauge that accounts for a company's market capitalization plus debt minus cash - shares of supermarket chain GPA SA could rise up to 18 percent, and those of home appliance retailer Via Varejo SA up to 31 per cent, Monteiro said.
Revenue at GPA's online unit was $2 billion last year, while Casino's e-commerce division, Cdiscount, booked 2013 sales of about $2.1 billion in France.
Monteiro expects Cnova to price its IPO at a discount to Chinese and US peers since growth at Casino's online operations is lagging behind. Cnova remains "well off the benchmark" Amazon.com Inc, and its marketplace business, a fee-based business with much higher returns and margins than e-commerce, because it is smaller relative to peers, he noted.
Amazon arrived in Brazil earlier this year with its Kindle e-reader, and eBay Inc is launching a site in Portuguese this week for Brazilian consumers.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft Boosts Dividend 11%  Adds New DirectorsYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Boosts Dividend 11%, Adds New Directors
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 08:02 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Seattle: Microsoft Corp on Tuesday announced the smallest percentage increase in its quarterly dividend since 2009 and appointed new directors to replace two board members who decided not to seek re-election.
The increase, 11 per cent to 31 cents per share, is in line with the software company's revenue growth last fiscal year but half of last year's 22 per cent hike.
Microsoft, like rival Apple Inc, has been under pressure from activist shareholders to hand back more of its vast trove of cash, which increased 11 per cent to almost $86 billion over the past 12 months.
Financially conservative Microsoft has said it prefers to keep dividend increases in line with operating profit, which grew 4 per cent last fiscal year.
However, Chief financial Officer Amy Hood held out the possibility of more shareholder-friendly moves, saying that Microsoft's board "continues to evaluate capital strategy options," without saying what that might entail.
The company has lifted its payout to shareholders almost every year since it introduced a regular quarterly dividend in 2004. It did not increase the dividend in recession-hit 2009, when it laid off more than 5,000 employees.
The company's shares rose slightly in after-hours trading to $46.85.
Microsoft's new annual dividend would equal about 2.6 per cent of that share price, the same as Intel Corp's 2.6 percent but higher than Apple's 1.8 per cent.
Microsoft also said on Tuesday that Teri List-Stoll, 51, CFO of Kraft Foods Group Inc, and Charles Scharf, 49, chief executive of Visa Inc, will join the board on October 1.
Incumbent board members Dave Marquardt and Dina Dublon will retire from the board at the end of their current terms in December.
Marquardt, 65, has been involved with Microsoft since its early days, joining the board in 1981. Dublon, 61, joined the board in 2005.
Microsoft has made several changes to its board recently as it undergoes a change in leadership under new CEO Satya Nadella. Former CEO Steve Ballmer resigned in August to focus on his newly purchased Los Angeles Clippers basketball team.
Co-founder Bill Gates stepped down as chairman in February when Nadella was appointed CEO but remains on the board.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Champions League T20 still battling for meaningMore
Champions League T20 still battling for meaning
The thrills are rather low-octane, the skills are a bit lightweight, and the tournament overly India-centric. On several counts, the Champions League T20 is still looking for a way to be the global T20 showpiece event it endeavours to be
By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014 11:30 PM IST
Tweet
0
Among the lines trotted out each year during the Champions League T20 is that the tournament is a damn good idea. Top domestic T20 teams from around the world converge to compete in a condensed, colourful event. It lets domestic cricket's lesser lights play on the biggest stage they have experienced, while the crowds get their fill of international favourites as well.
There appears to be some buzz about the tournament, in India at least. The first day of the qualifiers for this year's event was said to have been attended by over 46,000 people in Raipur - though that may have been in part because of the India v Pakistan match-by-proxy, between Mumbai Indians and Lahore Lions. Elsewhere, media and fan interest is steadily rising ahead of the main draw.
Yet for all that potential, the Champions League has not cracked it globally. International engagements largely stop to allow the tournament free access to the best teams and players, but the cricket has always seemed lightweight - even for T20. It is the juvenile trying to make it in the grown up world, the man who shows up for a corporate job interview in a t-shirt with his ex-girlfriend's name tattooed on his arm, or the woman crunching numbers in a corner cubicle wearing a clown-suit. The Champions League is difficult to take seriously.
Mumbai's Rohit Sharma after the title win in 2013. There is first the India-centrism of the event, with half of the IPL's eight sides appearing here, though one of them has to qualify for the tournament proper. There are two from Australia and South Africa as well. It explains the popularity of the tournament in cricket's more lucrative markets, but it alienates fans from the other cricket nations. It doesn't help when fabulously loaded franchises like Mumbai Indians pick Northern Knights' star allrounder Corey Anderson in their squad, then fail to play him in their XI in the first two matches.
England have not sent a side to the last two incarnations of the event either, because it is played during their own home season, and does not entail enough money to tempt them. Meanwhile for Sri Lanka, the Champions League is effectively an elaborate cheque-collection expedition. They may be the current World T20 title-holders and the top-ranked side in the format, but it is possible no domestic T20 tournament would exist in Sri Lanka if the $500,000 Champions League payday was not on offer for participation in the tournament.
This year, Sri Lanka's "Super Fours" was shoehorned into a rain-hit week in between two international tours. Southern Express took out the title despite not having won any of their three round-robin matches. Though there is plenty of raw ability in the squad, the team has visibly played too few matches together to launch a worthwhile Champions League campaign. The team is also missing its two biggest names, Lasith Malinga (who, again, is with Mumbai Indians) and Tillakaratne Dilshan (who is missing due to personal reasons).
While the Champions League battles for meaning, it also seems a little low-octane to be a true hedonistic thrill. Even the World T20 had light-up LED stumps, but bowlers at the Champions League aim at nothing more than wood and paint. Isn't this supposed to be domestic cricket's global glamour showpiece? What is the point of T20 if it does not put viewers in danger of epileptic seizure?
There are saving graces. It may be difficult to reel off the winners of each Champions League, unless you are an IPL or Big Bash follower, but there have been admirable performances in previous tournaments. James Neesham had played international cricket before, but had not received worldwide acclaim until his all-round returns for Otago Volts in the 2013 Champions League. That tournament also was the zenith of Pravin Tambe's compelling story, as he finished top wicket-taker, with 12 scalps.
Like in past years, the 2014 Champions League has been a black hole for fielding ability, with even Northern Knights shelling six catches on the trot in their tournament opener, but it has also showcased skill. Tim Southee and Trent Boult ripped through Lahore Lions' top order with a new-ball partnership that was almost of Test match quality. Lions' seamers had themselves laid Mumbai Indians low in the first upset of the tournament, the previous night.
And it is passages of play like these that mark the route to improvement. The Champions League may never cease to be primarily a financial exercise tapping into the indefatigable demand for fleeting titillation, but if it can produce gripping contests and exhibit quality cricket more often than it has in the past, the tournament may attract the sort of global audience that it seeks to draw.
For now, the 2014 event will earn the organisers money. It will entertain the masses for a time. It will probably provide scant reason for avoiding international cricket during its window, and though it will bring a few new names out of the dark, it may not linger in the memory for long after it ends.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

6 things to focus on© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee5191ba-3e63-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shemaroo IPO Subscribed 1.01 Times on Day 2You are here: Home Corporates
Shemaroo IPO Subscribed 1.01 Times on Second Day
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 22:00 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: The initial public offering (IPO) of Shemaroo Entertainment, which is into film and entertainment content business, was subscribed 1.01 times on the second day of the issue on Wednesday.
The IPO received bids for over 57.59 lakh shares as against the issue size of over 57.20 lakh shares, data form National Stock Exchange (NSE) showed.
The category for retail individual investors was subscribed 1.77 times, while non-institutional investors received 0.06 times subscription. The portion for qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) saw a subscription of 0.23 times.
Shemaroo entered the capital market with an IPO in the price band of Rs 155-170 to raise about Rs 100 crore.
The Shemaroo IPO, which opened on Tuesday, will close on Thursday, September 18.
Shemaroo Entertainment had on Monday sold shares worth Rs 36 crore to nine anchor investors including Birla Sunlife and HDFC mutual funds.
The proceeds from the issue would be utilised to fund working capital requirements and general corporate purpose.
The lead managers of the issue are Yes Bank Ltd and ICICI Securities Ltd.
Shemaroo would list shares on NSE and BSE.
This is the fourth IPO this year. Prior to this, there have been public offers of Wonderla Holidays, Snowman Logistics Ltd and Sharda Cropchem.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 20:49 (IST)

LG launches smartphone  G3 Beat  for 25 000 in Indiaprint
Korean electronics major LG on Wednesday expanded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of its new 'G3 Beat', priced at Rs. 25,000 in India.
"The consumer today wants the best of the features at an affordable price and with G3 beat, LG is offering one of the best device with premium features in this price range. After the successful launch of LG G3, we are now offering its sibling to our customers," LG Mobiles India Marketing Head Amit Gujral said.
With the recent launches of smartphones from the G3 family, LG India is targetting to achieve 10% market share in the smartphone category by the end of 2014.
With a 5-inch HD IPS display, the device features Snapdragon 1.2 GHz quad core processor, Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat operating system, 1GB RAM and 8GB memory.
The handset, which supports 4G/LTE network, sports 8MP rear and 1.3MP front camera and 2,540mAh removable battery.
"The LG G3 Beat represents our commitment to the mid-tier smartphone market that demands mature technology, proven performance, great innovation and an attractive price, all in a single device," LG Electronics India MD Swoon Koon said.
The LG G3 Beat was developed to address the growing low- to mid-tier segment of smartphone customers who want a great device that is more compact but still powerful enough to run the most popular apps, he added.
Launched in July, the flagship smartphone LG G3 was unveiled as part of the company's efforts to grow its revenues almost three-fold this year.
LG India expects to exceed its target of Rs. 2,000 crore in revenues from smartphones in India this year from Rs. 800 crore in 2013.

NASA s Maven Spacecraft Reaches Mars This WeekendAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Why you should read MacArthur Genius Alison Bechdels comic stripWhen the MacArthur Foundation’s ‘genius grant’ recipients were announced this morning, I was delighted to see that cartoonist Alison Bechdel was among the honorees .
(Credit: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt)
Bechdel’s profile has increased dramatically in the past decade with the publication of two graphic novel memoirs, the 2006 book “ Fun Home ,” about her father, which was a finalist for a National Book Critics Circle Award and, in its adaptation as a musical , a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize, and “ Are You My Mother? ” which came out in 2012. And the so-called Bechdel Test for popular culture, which asks whether a work contains at least two female characters who talk to each other about something other than a man, has become a prominent part of an increasingly politicized discussion of mass culture, even though it has some obvious limitations .
On the occasion of Bechdel’s MacArthur, though, I want to encourage readers to explore the cartoonist’s earlier work in her long-running cartoon strip “Dykes to Watch Out For,” which is where the Bechdel Test originated. Just as Armistead Maupin’s “Tales of the City” series wended its leisurely, funny and warm way through the evolving gay and transgender communities in San Francisco, “Dykes to Watch Out For” dives deep into a fictional lesbian community, considering the impact of transgender politics, marriage and even the death of independent bookstores on her characters.
Pop culture as a whole has had an unfortunate tendency, upon telling the stories of white, affluent gay men (and, less often, lipstick lesbians), to consider its task of diversification complete. “Dykes to Watch Out For,” which ran from 1983 to 2008, when Bechdel put it on hiatus, is a testament to just how much material other projects and other media have left on the table.
Her characters were multi-generational, multiracial and in all sorts of relationships, including marriages to gay men and house-sharing arrangements. They also ranged up and down the class spectrum: Mo Testa, the main character, started out as a bookstore clerk and ended up as a reference librarian, Toni Ortiz was a certified public accountant and several other characters were academics.
“Dykes to Watch Out For” also deftly captured many of the institutions that have been so supportive to lesbian communities.
When the strip began running, the fictional lesbian and feminist store Madwimmin Books employed a number of the characters and served as a meeting place for others. Eventually, like so many of its real-life counterparts , Madwimmin Books closed, unable to keep pace with book superstores (which Bechdel parodied in the strip). The characters also went to the Michigan Womyn’s Music Festival and some story lines involved the women’s studies department of the local college. Sparrow, one of the key cast members, eventually took a job at NARAL in a nod to the work that so many lesbians have done in both reproductive and HIV-related health care.
And, of course, Bechdel captured so many of the external debates that rarely bubble to the surface of mainstream popular culture, whatever minority community is being depicted. The “Dykes to Watch Out For” characters protested the First Gulf War, dealt with the role of bisexual and even straight male members of their community, explored transgender politics and grappled with the rise of legally available marriage — and divorce.
Did I mention that the strip is fabulous, funny reading ? If you want full evidence of Bechdel’s genius, it would be a disservice to yourself to stop at “Are You My Mother?” and “Fun Home.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Judging by inflation  it s good to be AmericanJudging by inflation, it's good to be American
By Patrick Gillespie   @CNNMoney September 17, 2014: 12:55 PM ET
Inflation in the U.S. has fallen below the target level of 2%.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Here's one thing Americans can cross off their worry list: inflation.
While the prices of some things -- notably beef -- are rising, the situation overall is very tame for Americans. It doesn't cost that much more to buy fruits or vegetables than it did a year ago, and filling up at the pump is actually cheaper.
Inflation in August only increased 1.7% from the same time last year, according to the latest government data released Wednesday. That's below the Federal Reserve 's 2% annual target. In fact, the August rate was the first decline in inflation since the spring of 2013.
This slight dip isn't huge cause for concern yet. If anything, it's a reminder of how much better off the U.S. economy is right now than many other places in the world.
Related: Big day for the economy. Keep an eye on the Fed's statement at 2pm ET
Much of continental Europe has struggled this year with deflation. It sounds good to live in a country where prices are falling, but if they fall too much, it's a sign the economy is in trouble. Deflation pushes prices down, and tends to lower spending, borrowing and wages. It can also mean job cuts if companies aren't making as much money.
Japan has also grappled mightily with deflation for several years. No one wants to be "the next Japan" when it comes to the economy. Deflation is much harder to cure than inflation.
On the opposite end, extreme inflation is causing major problems in two Latin American countries: Venezuela and Argentina.
Inflation has risen over 18% in Argentina since the start of the year, according to official government statistics. Private sector economists think the real figure is even higher. Argentina's inflation caused even its government to mark prices up staple goods like eggs in July, and its currency, the peso, has already devalued 22% this year, which makes foreign goods feel a lot more expensive to Argentines.
Related: What the heck is going on with Argentina?
Venezuela is even worse off, with a 63% annualized rise in consumer prices according to its central bank. Basic goods like milk hard to come by in the nation's capital of Caracas.
Wednesday's consumer prices may be lower than what policymakers wanted, but, in a global context, the glass is half full for the United States.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 12:52 PM ET
Most Popular

Alwyn Cashe  the Medal of Honor  and why heroism gets undervaluedBy Dan Lamothe September 17 Follow @danlamothe
President Obama shakes hands with William Sloat as he presents the Medal of Honor for his brother Army Spec. Donald P. Sloat in the East Room of the White House on Monday. Donald P. Sloat, of Coweta, Okla., was killed in action on Jan. 17, 1970, and did not receive the award for 44 years despite smothering a grenade to save other members of his squad in Vietnam. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
Army Spec. Donald P. Sloat’s brother William accepted the Medal of Honor on behalf of the fallen U.S. soldier on Monday, 44 years after he smothered a grenade blast in Vietnam to protect other members of squad. It’s the kind of selfless action that has routinely resulted in the nation’s top award for combat valor, and yet it took decades for Sloat to receive it.
The East Room of the White House was filled with many graying family members of both Sloat and retired Command Sgt. Maj. Bennie G. Adkins, 80, who also received the Medal of Honor during the ceremony. But sadly, Sloat’s biggest advocate couldn’t be there. The soldier’s mother Evelyn had died three years ago, after making it her mission to see her son’s actions recognized, President Obama said.
“But she always believed — she knew — that this day would come,” the president said. “She even bought a special dress to wear to this ceremony.”
For some, the belated ceremony again raises the question whether more heroes of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan also could someday be recognized with the nation’s top valor award.  As noted in this previous Checkpoint post , there are numerous examples of modern service members whose extreme heroism were not recognized with the Medal of Honor. In a few of those cases, the commanding officers who could have nominated them for the award have since expressed regret, raising the question of whether the cases should be reopened.
The late Army Sgt. 1st Class Alwyn Cashe, received the Silver Star for heroism in Iraq in 2005. Many say he deserves the Medal of Honor. (U.S. Army photo)
There’s perhaps no better example of this than the actions of Army Sgt. 1st Class Alwyn Cashe. On Oct. 17, 2005, he pulled six fellow soldiers from the burning wreckage of a burning Bradley Fighting Vehicle in Samarra, Iraq, suffering devastating burns in the process. His fuel-drenched uniform intensified the danger he was in, but he continued to make trips into the vehicle until his work was done. He died a few weeks later on Nov. 8.
Cashe’s battalion commander at the time, now-Brig. Gen. Gary Brito, recommended the soldier for the Silver Star, a prestigious award that is nevertheless two notches below the Medal of Honor in recognizing heroism on the battlefield. Brito later said that he did not realize the pain and suffering involved in his actions, and has decided to fight to get Cashe’s award upgraded.
Harry Conner, a family spokesman also involved in the Cashe lobbying effort, said the family has never made demands, and is grateful for Brito’s effort. But the Cashes do believe their fallen soldier’s actions have not received the appropriate award, and feel some frustration “due solely to the years this process has taken,” Conner said.
That has some similarities to the Sloat and Adkins cases. In both instances, they received the Medal of Honor only after lobbying campaigns were mounted, and as stories of their extreme heroism were shared widely. But the Medal of Honor captures the American imagination like no other combat valor award, and U.S. officials eventually decided to right “a mistake,” as an official Army account of Sloat’s award upgrade put it.
Until recently, Sloat was never nominated for a valor award for his final sacrifice because his commanders were not informed of it, the Army said. On June 6, 2011, Sen. Tom Coburn (R.-Okla.) wrote a letter to the service requested that it review a new award nomination, dated June 3, 2011, from Sloat’s old platoon leader, Army officials said. The service began processing it, but it still required special congressional approval because of the time that had lapsed.
Adkins was originally awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, second only to the Medal of Honor in awarding valor in combat, on April 30, 1967. On April 21, 2011, Rep. Mike Rogers (R.-Mich.) wrote on behalf of Adkins’ former superior officers, retired Col. John D. Blair IV and retired Master Sgt. Donald Turner, asking that the Army consider upgrading the award due to “new, substantive and relevant information that was not previously available,” Army officials said.
The Pentagon launched a broad review of the awards process in June at the direction of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. It will last about a year, and is focused in part on whether “the program adequately recognizes all levels of combat valor,” said Navy Lt. Cmdr. Nate Christensen, a Defense Department spokesman.
The review was initiated after Hagel apologized last year to Army Capt. William D. Swenson , who received the Medal of Honor in October 2013 after his case was bungled by the Army. His ceremony came four years after he braved enemy fire numerous times on Sept. 8, 2009, in Afghanistan to carry a fellow soldier who had sustained a gunshot wound from harm, and then search for four missing service members who had been killed. He was first recommended for the Medal of Honor in December 2009, but his digital nomination packet went missing and the case went cold for two years.
Pentagon officials did not say whether cases like Cashe’s could get another look as a result of the Pentagon’s ongoing review of the awards process. But it’s something his family and fellow soldiers certainly desire.
“I don’t know that there’s much more I can do,” Brito said in an Army news account in July . “I’ve asked others who have provided witness statements so far to look at them and see if there’s anything else that can be recalled that was left off before. I’m not going to have anything fabricated and I’m not going to violate the integrity of the award, and I don’t want to bring any dishonor on Sgt. 1st Class Cashe or his family.”
UPDATE: Sept. 18, 1:50 p.m.: This post has been updated with additional information from the Army about the circumstances of the Medal of Honor cases for both Sloat and Adkins. Previous information in this post attributed to another news organization was incorrect, Army officials said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

A BlackBerry ... designed by PorscheA BlackBerry ... designed by Porsche
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 17, 2014: 1:58 PM ET
Vrooooooom.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Can a collaboration with Porsche rev up BlackBerry sales?
The beleaguered handset maker announced a collaboration Wednesday with Porsche Design on a new phone featuring the classic QWERTY keyboard and the company's BlackBerry 10 operating system .
This is the third collaboration between BlackBerry ( BBRY , Tech30 ) and Porsche Design. The new phone, set to hit stores next month, features "glass-like keys" and a "luxurious high-gloss finish."
In other words, it is shiny and expensive -- potentially very expensive. The last phone that Porsche and BlackBerry collaborated on costs $1,990 .
BlackBerry hasn't yet set a price for the new phone, but the company said it would hit stores in October.
Porsche Design was founded by Porsche 911 creator Ferdinand Alexander Porsche in 1972 after he left the automaker. The company designs a variety of luxury goods, from clothing to luggage to watches.
 
Will BlackBerry gain from Apple iCloud woes?
BlackBerry is in the midst of a difficult turnaround effort . The company says it thinks it can still make money in the handset market, but executives say the focus going forward is on providing software and services to business customers, particularly those in heavily regulated sectors like finance and insurance that demand top-notch security.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 1:54 PM ET
Most Popular

Cold case defense attorney: If he had not turned himself in  this would still be an unsolved crimeA guilt-racked man who recently drove across the country to confess to a 17-year-old homicide in Arizona, a case that had long gone cold, likely never would have been caught if he hadn’t come forward.
Matthew Gibson ( Bullhead City Police Department)
That’s according to Mohave County Assistant Prosecutor Jace Zack, who told the Associated Press that Matthew Gibson wasn’t even on the radar of authorities who investigated the 1997 death of Barbara Leone Brown.
“His name was never in any report,” Zack told AP on Tuesday . “We didn’t even know he existed.”
Gibson was originally indicted on a second-degree murder charge, but pleaded guilty to manslaughter, said his defense attorney, Ron Gilleo. He was sentenced this month to 10 ½ years in prison, Gilleo said, with credit for 99 days served.
“What’s unique about this case is he has no criminal record, no traffic tickets, no misdemeanors, no prior felonies,” Gilleo said in a phone interview with The Post on Wednesday. “He had nothing … if he had not turned himself in, this would still be an unsolved crime.”
Gibson drove from North Carolina to Winslow, Ariz., this summer to confess, according to the Bullhead City Police Department. He told officers that he had killed a woman sometime between 1994 and 1997, saying he had to get it off his chest. He stopped at Winslow before he could make it all the way to Bullhead City, which is located a few hours away.
From Tuesday’s AP report :
Gibson provided a written statement to authorities last month. “Only the good Lord knows what that night was all about, but I’m deeply sorry for that night,” he wrote. “For years now, I have weeped (sic) over this and it has been heavy on my soul.”
Brown’s body was found near the Colorado River in Bullhead City in 1997. An autopsy showed she had suffered blunt force trauma and skull fractures, but her case remained unsolved for more than a decade.
Gibson reportedly struck her with an object when an argument escalated, according to the Mohave Daily News .
“My personal belief is we all have a conscience, and obviously his conscience had been bothering him for a long, long time,” Gilleo said. “And this was kind of his way of starting the repentance process.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Dollar gains ground after Fed statementDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kerry Testifies Live on ISISkerry testifies live on isis
Ishaan Tharoor and Adam TaylorIran’s capital will come to a halt on Sunday as its two biggest soccer teams face each other.
Nov 22, 2014
A freight train left a city in eastern China to go on a 21-day-long journey to Madrid, Spain
Nov 21, 2014
This 100-year-old painting by Adolf Hitler is going on auction in Nuremberg this weekend.
Nov 21, 2014
A futuristic underwater city could house 5,000 people.
Nov 20, 2014
The Turkish president is not retracting his claim that Muslim seafarers found the New World before Christopher Columbus.
Nov 20, 2014
The blockbuster’s overtly political narrative may have fallen afoul of government censors.
Nov 20, 2014
“When the metropolis is weak, the collapse comes.“
Nov 19, 2014
Israel has reinstated the controversial tactic of destroying the homes of Palestinians it says are terrorists.
Nov 19, 2014
The history of a particularly loaded expression.
Nov 18, 2014
It’s not clear which, if any, Palestinian militant group is behind the attack, but this old leftist organization is believed to be involved.
Nov 18, 2014
Load More
About
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
Most Read

OilMin weighs gas price at $5.2  CCEA to decideOilMin weighs gas price at $5.2  CCEA to decide
Ikea to invest $500 million more in India  eyes 25 stores in 10 yearsIkea to invest $500 million more in India  eyes 25 stores in 10 years
Moser Baer (India) emerges as India s #1 solar EPC playerMoser Baer (India) emerges as India s #1 solar EPC player
Probe to find how Naxals get bulletproofjacketsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:51 am
The Gaya police Wednesday set up a team under a deputy superintendent of police to find possible links between serving or retired Armymen and conduits of Maoist leaders in supplying bulletproof jackets to some top Naxals in Bihar.
A joint team of STF and Gaya police had arrested two persons, including an ex-Armyman, and seized a bulletproof jacket that had to be delivered to a local Maoist leader, Shivji Dhobi alias Tyagiji.
The police, who recovered an Army bulletproof vest from one Mohammed Shams on Monday, said he had procured the jacket from Rajiv Kumar, a retired Armyman from Ark Devaria village.
Rajiv Kumar, who now works as a guard at a bank in Aurangabad, has also been arrested.
Shams was arrested when he was to deliver the jacket to one Gautam Kumar, a Sherghati (Gaya) resident, who had to give it to Maoist leader Tyagiji.
The police were now looking for a serving Armyman, Amresh Kumar, who is currently posted at Ranchi. Shams told the police that he had to deliver two more jackets to top Maoist leader in Magadh zone Sandeepji.
A senior STF officer said: “On prima facie, it looks an Army bulletproof jacket. We are trying to know how the jacket reached an ex-Army man and if serving Armymen are behind this.”
Rampur police station in-charge Gaurishanker Gupta said, “An FIR had been lodged against Shams and Rajiv Kumar, Gautam Kumar and Amresh Kumar under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and some IPC sections.”
Gaya DSP Alok Kumar Singh had been asked to probe the matter.

Gujarat govt names 3 new schemes after RSSideologuesPrint
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:50 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Wednesday inaugurated 11 new welfare schemes under the Gujarat government’s Swavalamban Abhiyan. The schemes were announced in the first annual Budget for 2014-15 by the Anandiben Patel government.
Interestingly, three of these schemes have been named after RSS ideologues — Pandit Dindayal Upadhyaya Young Entrepreneurs Scheme, Nanaji Deshmukh Housing Scheme and Dattopant Thengadi Artisans Interest Subsidy Scheme.
The function was held hours before the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad, which is the first stop of his three-day tour.
Showering praise on Modi for Xi’s visit here, Chief Minister Anandiben Patel said, “It’s a matter of pride that the head of state of an economic superpower is today visiting a city like Ahmedabad.”
While she said the schemes were “unique gifts” from Modi on his 64th birthday, Modi said that September 17 was celebrated across the country as Vishwakarma Day this year.  The day falls on the Kanya Sankranti Day as per the Hindu calendar and celebrates Vishwakarma, the greatest architect in Indian mythology. Modi distributed tablets to youths, grants and aid to women cattle breeders and housing aid to construction labourers under various schemes.

Punjab minister called parrot on FB: PA of Akali MLA  NRIsbookedPrint
Written by Divya Goyal 2 | Moga | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:46 am
The Moga police on Wednesday lodged two FIRs under the IT Act against the personal assistant of an Akali MLA and two NRIs for a Facebook post allegedly likening Punjab Agriculture Minister Tota Singh to a parrot. While the FIR against PA to Nihal Singh Wala MLA Rajwinder Kaur was registered at the Sadar police station, the other against NRIs Rajwinder Singh Khosa and Ravi Baasi was registered at Kot Isey Khan police station. The complainant is the minister’s son Brajinder Singh alias Makhan Singh Brar. He had lodged the complaints on May 3.
The message, along with a photograph of Tota Singh, said: “Last night, in village Talwandi Malliyan of Moga, the feathers of Jathedar Tota Singh were shredded. Tota Singh climbed on the steps of the village well to address people when a few drug addicts started demanding poppy husk. Tota replied that he was not there to distribute poppy husk, at this the addicts started shredding his feathers.”

Srivastava likely to take over top marketing job at Maruti afterPareekNew Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:41 am
By Roudra Bhattacharya
With Maruti Suzuki’s marketing head Mayank Pareek quitting the company and likely to join Tata Motors as managing director, the top position is expected to be taken over by Shashank Srivastava, though two other top executives are also in contention.
Currently executive director, international marketing, Maruti Suzuki India, Srivastava served as number 2 in sales and marketing till 2012, spending his entire career in the vertical. A career Maruti executive, Srivastava had joined the company straight after an MBA from IIM-Ahmedabad in the late eighties.
Industry sources said that while Srivastava will be the most likely replacement, other potential candidates are Randhir Singh Kalsi, executive director responsible for the spare parts business and Pankaj Narula, executive director for service/after sales. Kalsi, who was the national sales head in 2008-09, started key marketing initiatives such as Maruti’s True Value used car sales arm and the in-house insurance/finance business. “Kalsi started his career at the factory but has had several stints in the sales arm, so he is a strong candidate.
Narula, however, has remained with servicing for most of his career in Maruti,” a company official said.
Several top Maruti executives said that Pareek’s departure is a shock to the company given his importance in terms of the successful brands he helped launch, such as the Swift and Dzire, and the fact that he has spent about two decades at the carmaker.

Central varsities: HRD Ministry pushes for commonnormsPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:40 am
As part of its efforts to introduce one legislation for all central universities, the Human Resource Development Ministry has circulated the draft bill to all such varsities, asking them to revert with suggestions within three weeks.
According to minutes of the retreat of vice-chancellors chaired by HRD Minister Smriti Irani in Chandigarh last week, the “Single Act for Central Universities has been circulated to all Central Universities for inviting their suggestions.”
The draft bill is based on recommendations of the A M Pathan committee and has been criticised for compromising the autonomy of these universities.
There are currently 40 central universities under the Ministry, of which 16 were created in 2009 under one Act, while the rest are governed by separate Acts of Parliament.
“No consensus has been evolved on the issue even though its clear the Ministry is keen on it. But yes, questions of autonomy and protecting the distinct character of each university cannot be ignored,” a V-C, who attended the retreat, said.
Officials said the idea behind a single legislation is to bring in “greater uniformity” in terms of structure and governance, even while retaining the universities’ academic autonomy.   To “expedite the process” of appointments and ensure that the selection process is not upheld due to the unavailability of one nominee, the Ministry has decided to propose five names as Visitor’s nominees for selection committees, as against the one it proposes now.
“There was a common consensus that MHRD will propose a panel of five names as Visitor’s nominees for the Selection Committees of each university across the disciplines of academic as well as non-academic positions separately,” the minutes state.
“The idea is that if one member is not available then the next one on the panel can step in and the process doesn’t get held up,” an official said.
The Ministry has also directed the V-Cs to form a committee to prepare a proposal to convert posts of professor and associate professor to assistant professor. The committee will have to prepare a report and submit it to UGC in a month’s time.
Officials said the idea behind the proposal is to give greater flexibility in appointments by re-appropriating positions within the cadre. The availability of a large number of candidates for posts of assistant professor has also prompted this move. If the norm is implemented, a university would be free to appoint an assistant professor in place of a professor/associate professor if it is unable to get applicants for the latter.
Universities have also been asked to send all MoUs signed by them in the last 20-25 years to the Ministry within one month.

If INLD wins  Chautala will take oath in prison:AbhayPrint
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:38 am
A seemingly confident Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) has declared that if voted to power in the Haryana Assembly polls, party chief Om Prakash Chautala shall be sworn in as chief minister from within the prison.
Several INLD leaders, including Om Prakash Chautala, his son Ajay Chautala and senior leader Sher Singh Badhshami, are in jail at present in connection with the infamous Junior Basic Training teachers recruitment case.
Interestingly, the party has not appointed any replacement for Om Prakash Chautala despite his conviction, allowing him to continue as Leader of Opposition.
“We had always maintained that Om Prakash Chautala is our leader and we are contesting the Vidhan Sabha polls under his leadership. His conviction was nothing but a conspiracy hatched by the Congress, Bhupinder Singh Hooda and the CBI. After coming to power, only Om Prakash Chautala shall be our chief minister and if he is in jail at that time, he will take oath there,” said Abhay Chautala.
INLD national general secretary, R S Chaudhary, said, “Even Avtar Singh Bhadana was administered oath as a minister by Chaudhary Devi Lal. Even if Om Prakash Chautala is legally barred from contesting polls because of his conviction, he will remain chief minister for six months.”
According to legal experts, there is no specific criteria about where a CM has to be sworn in. “Anybody can be administered oath as chief minister. The only condition is that he/she should contest elections and win it within six months of taking oath,” said a senior advocate of the Punjab and Haryana High Court. The INLD, meanwhile, has upped its attacked on the BJP — which performed poorly in the recent bypolls — saying the “Modi magic is over”.

Working on guidelines to check wilful defaulters  says SebichiefSebi Chairman UK Sinha with ITC Chairman YC Deveshwar (left) and Paul Druckman, CEO, The International Integrated Reporting Council (right) at the 9th Sustainable and Inclusive Solutions Summit in New Delhi. Prem nath Pandey
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:37 am
Market regulator Sebi on Wednesday said that it is working on guidelines to deal with wilful defaulters. However, at present, there is no restriction on such entities from raising funds from the capital markets.
“We are working on the guidelines for wilful defaulters. It will take some time,” Sebi chairman UK Sinha said at a CII conference.
The move comes at a time when, faced with rising bad loans, banks have begun declaring wilful defaulters while the Reserve Bank of India has also tightened guidelines on such firms from availing further loans.
Earlier this month, United Bank of India had declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors as willful defaulter citing alleged diversion of funds.
Meanwhile, to promote transparency and accountability in listed firms, the market regulator is also planning to make it mandatory for listed companies to publish annual information memorandum on all the details about their businesses and statutory disclosures. Noting that the move would also benefit the firms, Sinha said it will prevent undue litigation from regulators.

Police Give Live Update on Missing UVA Studentpolice give live update on missing uva student
What can we say about Ebola (without starting a panic and/or making everyone mad)By Sarah Larimer September 17 Follow @slarimer
Doctors Without Borders workers prepare isolation and treatment areas for Ebola operations in Gueckedou, Guinea. (Kjell Gunnar Beraas/Associated Press)
Last week, the New York Times published an eye-opening op-ed from Michael T. Osterholm with the headline "What We're Afraid to Say About Ebola."
Osterholm, the director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota, wrote that "if certain mutations occurred, it would mean that just breathing would put one at risk of contracting Ebola."
He continued: "Infections could spread quickly to every part of the globe, as the H1N1 influenza virus did in 2009, after its birth in Mexico. Why are public officials afraid to discuss this? They don’t want to be accused of screaming 'Fire!' in a crowded theater — as I’m sure some will accuse me of doing."
More on that in a moment.
Osterholm, who has also previously written for the Post , added that "the risk is real, and until we consider it, the world will not be prepared to do what is necessary to end the epidemic."
He then told a story:
In 2012, a team of Canadian researchers proved that Ebola Zaire, the same virus that is causing the West Africa outbreak, could be transmitted by the respiratory route from pigs to monkeys, both of whose lungs are very similar to those of humans. Richard Preston’s 1994 best seller “The Hot Zone” chronicled a 1989 outbreak of a different strain, Ebola Reston virus, among monkeys at a quarantine station near Washington. The virus was transmitted through breathing, andthe outbreak ended only when all the monkeys were euthanized. We must consider that such transmissions could happen between humans, if the virus mutates.
Osterholm certainly knows his stuff when it comes to public health, and, he said this week, the piece was vetted by other scientists before it was submitted. Osterholm told The Washington Post that the group included C.J. Peters, a famed virologist who has chased pathogens for years and is very familiar with the Ebola virus . (Peters did not immediately respond to a request for comment.)
"That's not about scaring people," Osterholm told The Post on Wednesday. "That's about being responsible."
But it's hard to control the way Osterholm's message is interpreted. His op-ed was discussed in Scientific American ,  Time magazine , the BBC  and this blog . What Osterholm wrote troubled some scientists, who feared that shifting the Ebola dialogue toward airborne transmission might distract people from the bigger picture -- and might lead to distrust of the scientific community, too.
But for Osterholm, risk management means talking about all sorts of situations, even the ones that seem unlikely now. That's why people put this out there — to try to make sure that responders won't be caught off-guard, facing a scenario they hadn't considered. His op-ed was followed Wednesday by a piece from University of Illinois-Chicago professor Lisa Brosseau, entitled "Health workers need optimal respiratory protection for Ebola."
There are other questions Osterholm's op-ed raised, beyond just issues of medical care: Is it possible for a scientist to raise concerns about an outbreak without seeming like an alarmist? What's the best way to talk about a virus this scary without seeming like you're just trying to scare people?
There's no question that Ebola is a terrifying virus. During the deadliest outbreak in history, it has killed 2,461 people out of nearly 5,000 infected, the World Health Organization said Tuesday .
There are corpses left lying outside in Liberia . Clinics are overflowing with patients, and medical teams are overwhelmed. The United States is sending military assistance , and an assistant director general for the World Health Organization says it will take at least $1 billion to contain the infection to "within the tens of thousands."
"Wait and see when more of this information comes out about our concerns," Osterholm said. "I think you'll find that some people will look at this and go, 'I didn't know this.'
"But I think you can see that the body of information is there enough to say we have to be concerned about this."
RELATED:

Market calm over Scottish vote at odds with disaster warningsMarket calm over Scottish vote at odds with disaster warnings
Transparency Market Research: Wearable Technology Market Research Report 2018Transparency Market Research: Wearable Technology Market Research Report 2018
Xi visit: Some work  some playXi visit: Some work  some play
Scotland independence: Will 307-yr-old Union end in divorceScotland independence: Will 307-yr-old Union end in divorce
Race For A Piece Of The India PieRace For A Piece Of The India Pie
Amrutanjan Health CarePlatinum Member
Amrutanjan Heal was last traded at Rs 436.30, up 12.7%. What`s your view on the stock?
Silver Member
2 Followers
This message has been marked offensive by ajaygoelp .          It will be reviewed by the MMB Moderator shortly.

Buyers should beware on AlibabaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi launches pro-poor schemes on birthdayModi launches pro-poor schemes on birthday
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A youth's gesture of a handshake to wish him on his birthday impressed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday. Modi said he saw it as a sign of confidence and self-reliance, core for a dignified life.
For India to be “swabhimani”(self-respecting), its people need to first be so, he said while launching the Swavalamban Abhiyan, a set of 11 new pro-poor initiatives of the Gujarat government, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar. These schemes were announced by the state chief minister during the legislative Assembly’s budget session in July.
While distributing computer tablets to students of Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs), one of the beneficiaries stretched out his hand for a handshake as Modi was about to take his seat after giving the tablet. Caught off-guard, Modi then got up and shook the boy’s hand, who wished him on his 64th birthday and left the stage.
“For me,” said the prime minister later during his address after the launch of the 11 schemes, “this is a moment of pride, that a boy from a poor family who cannot may be study beyond ITI made the PM stand up from his chair to wish him on his birthday. Look how self-reliance (after studying at the ITI) has boosted his self-esteem.”
The schemes launched on Wednesday included support to tribal women engaged in cattle rearing for milch animals and dairy equipment, financial assistance to women-run milk cooperatives for purchase of milking machine and shaft cutter, health care support for family with income less than Rs 1.2 lakh, financial support to build food grain storage facility in fields of farmers, tablet computers for ITI students enrolled for computer course, initial support for ITI pass-out for starting their own businesses, health care and housing support for construction workers and his family and setting up of employment related services through employment exchange bureau.

An independent Scotland might lower the spirit of Scotch whisky loversAn independent Scotland might lower the spirit of Scotch whisky lovers
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Scotch lovers have a reason to worry. There are fears that the pricing and availability of the cherished liquor could be impacted if a majority of the people vote in favour of Scotland’s independence on Thursday.
Independent Scotland would probably mean exit, even if temporary, from the European Union, which enables duty-free access to 27 countries. According to senior industry officials, the key factor would be the EU access and what shape does it take if at all Scotland goes for independence. “Even a temporary interruption of EU membership would be damaging and difficult to manage,” said Scotch Whiskey Association (SWA) on the Scotland referendum.
India is one of the biggest markets for Scotch whisky. The market in India is expected to cross the three-million-case mark by the end of this calendar year. Last year, Scotland’s 109 distilleries sold £4.3 billion (about Rs 4,268.25 crore) worth whisky abroad, the country’s second-largest export after oil, according SWA.
“If the majority votes are ‘Yes’ then another factor, which would be key to Scotch consumers is the new currency an independent Scotland would go for,” said a senior industry official, who is in the business of importing scotch whiskey in India. The quantum of price impact would be clearer once the results are out and detailed road maps for future are put in place, said the official quoted above.
An email to British High Commission remained unanswered. A source said the high commission would respond only after the voting results are announced. “Communication would only be made once results are out.”
A whisky is called Scotch only when it is produced and matured in Scotland for a minimum period of three years. Global scotch majors are also not revealing too much on the impact of the outcome of the referendum.
Brown Forman, which sells the Jack Daniels Scotch whisky, also did not respond to an email.
Ivan Menezes, CEO of Diageo, the world’s largest Scotch whisky maker, was quoted in the Wall Street Journal that it was extremely important for the whisky industry to remain within EU to enjoy the established network to various countries. SWA, on a macro perspective over the referendum, remains neutral and has said it remained committed to the cause of delivering sustainable economic growth, irrespective of the outcome of the referendum.
Indian Scotch connoisseurs would be closely tracking the results..

VCs zero in on enterprise software spaceVCs zero in on enterprise software space
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Sep 18, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Last year, multi-stage venture capital (VC) fund Helion brought on board Alok Goel, the former chief operating officer of technology major SAP India, to spearhead its investments in the enterprise software space. The move was unusual at a time when a lion's share of VC investments in the country were flowing into consumer technology companies in segments such as e-commerce, mobile applications, and internet.
Enterprise software means software developed particularly for the needs of an organisation or a business house rather than for individual users.
Over the past years, Helion, which has about $600 million under management, has invested in three start-ups in the enterprise software space. The investments include workspace-as-a-service solutions provider Workspot ($6.5 million), security software company Seclore Technology ($6 million), and Pune-based language management software start-up LinguaNext (undisclosed amount).
"We have a renewed focus on the enterprise side as we are seeing quite a few companies from India that are addressing global markets for enterprise software and we are bullish on that trend," Ritesh Banglani, partner at Helion Advisors, told Business Standard.
Helion is not alone. The rising interest in the Indian enterprise software space is also visible in the fact three of the five recent investments made by Intel Capital, the investment arm of US-based chip-maker Intel Corporation, are in this segment.
The main reason for this increased focus on enterprise software, according to experts, is the rising business traction for Indian enterprise software companies, without the need for much investment on-site.
With the internet boom, Indian business-to-business software companies are now capable of getting and delivering to global clients without being physically present at clients' locations. Additionally, with several established success stories in this space now, the confidence of global customers in Indian enterprise software has strengthened.
"With the advent of cloud computing, teams that have successfully built products for multinational companies in India are now venturing on their own and talent moving out of information technology services into product-oriented companies makes for a bullish investment case," said Bhavanipratap Rana, investment director at Intel Capital.
"We are looking to invest in product companies involved in security, internet of things, machine language, data centre automation/management software, analytics and software defined storage," Rana added.
The three enterprise software companies that Intel recently invested in are Bangalore-based Vizury ($16 million), NxtGen Datacenter & Cloud Technologies ($8.8 million ), and Perpetuuiti TechnoSoft (undisclosed amount).
India saw 29 merger and acquisition (M&A) deals in the enterprise software space in 2013, and 31 such deals in 2012, according to Indian Technology Product M&A Industry Monitor Report, published earlier this year by software industry think-tank iSpirt in partnership advisory boutique firm Signal Hill.
The report noted the combined value of M&As in the enterprise software space was at $171 million in 2013 compared with $143 million in 2012.
"Investment in e-commerce and internet continues to grab a lion's share of the venture capital and private equity investment dollars. However, dollars invested in the enterprise software companies are showing an upward trend," the report said.

Angels eye health care pie via online venturesAngels eye health care pie via online ventures
Reghu Balakrishnan | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:42 AM IST
At a time when large private equity funds are making heavy investments in the Indian health care sector, angel investors are testing the waters in online health care ventures.
The past few months have seen a series of angel and venture capital investments take place in online booking platforms for doctors' appointments as well as diagnostic services.
The latest deal involves diagnostics tests booking platform MyLabYogi raising angel funding from Hyderabad Angels and Lead Angels. The start-up was founded in 2012 by Aneesh Khanna, who had previously worked at Apollo Hospitals Group and Metropolis Healthcare. Mylabyogi.com allows users to book a laboratory test online and schedule a home visit for blood collection. Its clients in Mumbai include Holy Family Hospital, Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital, Prince Aly Khan Hospital and Dr Jariwala Laboratory.
Online doctor appointment platforms such as Lybrate, HelpingDoc.com, doctree, DoctorC have also attracted a significant chunk of angel funding in the recent past.
Sandeep Singhal, co-founder of Nexus Venture Partners, said: "Major trends which drive the investments in online healthcare firms are the overall growth in healthcare expenditure in a growing macroeconomic environment, increased insurance coverage and wider availability of healthcare facilities."
Two days ago, Hyderabad-based Simplify Wellness Inc, which operates under the brand of DoctorC, an online platform that enables consumers to compare prices and quality across diagnostic centres and book appointments, secured Rs 2.5-crore from Leviathan Investments and Splice Advisors.
Last month, India and US-based Lybrate Inc., which runs Lybrate.com, an online platform for patients to book appointments with doctors, raised $1.23 million in funding from Nexus Venture Partners. Founded in 2013 by Saurabh Arora, Lybrate is an online and mobile-based platform, which connects patients with doctors. Lybrate's service is currently available in 20 cities, including Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Delhi and Hyderabad.
"There is a trend towards increased consumer awareness towards healthcare and a desire to have more control over their use of services. Also, increased use of smartphones to access convenience services such as e-commerce, bookings and information retrieval, helps the sector to grow," Singhal added.
In August, Delhi-based HelpingDoc.com raised $1.5 million from Senior Marketing System, a Malaysia-based provider of health-related information services. Bangalore-based Doctree Health Infoservices, which provides web-based services to patients looking for treatments and price quotes from various doctors and hospitals, raised funding from S4 Holdings in February 2014.
Last year, Rajan Anandan, MD of Google India, with a few others made an angel investment in health care services company Docsuggest, which aggregates information on doctors and hospitals such as the doctors' degree, experience, expertise, fees, and insurance options.
Angel investor Rehan Yar Khan said: "The health care space is large and fragmented, where people currently use word-of-mouth to locate doctors, labs, etc. There may be a very good speciality doctor or a general practitioner in your neighbourhood of whom you may not be aware of. This is akin to finding information before the Just Dial era or booking movie tickets before BookMyShow was launched."

Three reasons why Alibaba hype could end in tearsThree reasons why Alibaba hype could end in tears
William Pesek |  Sep 18, 2014 12:18 AM IST
Jack Ma isn't exaggerating when he sells his e-commerce colossus, Alibaba, as the "everything company." The ever-expanding technology giant, which is on track for one of the largest initial public offerings (IPO) in history this week, has so many tentacles in so many industries that it can easily strangle small-to-midsize competitors. You'd think Chinese antitrust regulators - who have recently targeted foreign companies such as Microsoft and Toyota - would be sniffing around homegrown Alibaba, too.
Fat chance. The Communist Party loves a Chinese success story and Ma's tale has global investors asking: "Mark Zuckerberg, who?" That, however, illustrates the problem with all the Alibaba hype. Ma's been allowed to build a near-monopoly online only because the regime has allowed him to do so. When Ma describes Alibaba's priorities as "customers first, employees second, and investors third," one can't help but assume the first group includes his Party benefactors in Beijing. Here's my question to all those hedge funds and institutional investors lining up to throw money at Ma in exchange for precious shares: How can they trust Chairman Ma's pledges when the spirit of Chairman Mao so obviously dominates the room?
China's e-commerce giant
Would-be investors are accepting not just Alibaba's unusual partnership structure (which puts Ma firmly in the driver's seat), but China's limits on foreign ownership, its institutionalized opacity, predilection for censorship and disrespect for intellectual-property norms. This surrender to the whims of a government that could pounce on Ma at the slightest misstep is just one of three reasons why I wouldn't put my money into Alibaba.
An equally big worry is the shaky Chinese economy. To me, China feels like a bubble no less than dotcoms did in the late 1990s. Back then, shares in any Internet company that went public carrying a ".com" suffix soared, regardless of whether punters understood their business models or not. China.com is an economy that most figure can't lose. Hence Alibaba's overwhelming appeal: The company offers one-stop shopping for investors looking to tap into China's rising middle class. With one stock, you can ride the rocket of growth in retail, social media, banking, entertainment, travel, you name it.
Alibaba's IPO could represent the top tick of China's growth story, however. President Xi Jinping's pledge to shift from excessive investment and exports to services will require markedly slower growth for the next few years. At the moment, Xi is struggling just to meet this year's 7.5 per cent growth target; this week the central bank rushed to inject another $81 billion into China's biggest banks to keep them lending.
China is now experiencing the weakest industrial-output growth since the 2008 global crisis, as well as waning retail sales and investment activity. August saw a 40 per cent plunge in the broadest measure of new credit. As gross domestic product slows, so does the middle class's ability to buy all the goods sold on Alibaba. And if China suffers a bad-debt crisis as some analysts fear, the prospects for profit will grow darker than ever.
Finally, as I wrote last month, rising inequality threatens to shrink middle-class ambitions. China's Gini coefficient, a measure of inequality, almost doubled between 1980 and 2010. This year, income inequality in China surpassed that of the US, reaching "severe" levels according to the University of Michigan. Such a trajectory, officials fear, could fan social instability.
Ultimately, Alibaba's promise rests on the idea that hundreds of millions of Chinese will continue to grow richer by the year and will consume like Americans as they do. But that depends on many things, including whether the government can curtail corruption, which is concentrating wealth among China's elites, as well as the role of giant state-owned enterprises, which stymie innovation. It will require the development of a vibrant services sector that can create good jobs.
All of this is far from certain. When it comes to made-in-China success stories, Ma is as good as it gets. Investors can't get enough of his improbable journey from English teacher to China's richest man. But when you own a share of Alibaba, you're placing your trust in much more than a 49-year-old businessman. You're really betting on an opaque political system that has a monopoly on whether he will be allowed to succeed.
The author is a BloombergView columnist

Podcast: Swedens inconclusive voteSweden's inconclusive election result Sep 17, 2014 - 1:57 pm
Sweden is facing a period of political instability after an inconclusive election toppled the centre right government of Fredrik Reinfeldt, but left his centre left opponent Stefan Löfven significantly short of a majority in parliament. Fiona Symon spoke to Richard Milne, FT Nordics correspondent, about the result

FT Alphaville Fed presser editionCardiff Garcia
Cardiff writes mostly about US macroeconomic issues, with daily excursions into other topics about which he claim no expertise. Before Alphaville, Cardiff spent a little more than two years as a reporter at Dow Jones Financial News covering investment banking, asset management, and private equity. Along the way he has written freelance pieces on a variety of other topics from behavioural psychology to Muay Thai, the latter also being a personal interest that involves frequently getting kicked in the shins (and torso, and head).

Dollar up sharply after Fed statementDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buying a house going into foreclosure is risky business0
Hidden problems may come back to bite you later, such as prior unreleased tax or water liens. Though the bank's foreclosure will most likely wipe out all liens and obligations incurred after its mortgage was recorded, it does not eliminate the problems that arose before the mortgage, such as super-priority IRS or real estate taxes.
For the bank to get clear title, it will have to foreclose. In some states, foreclosure has to take place in a court of law; in others, it can take place on the steps of a courthouse, in an auctioneer's office or even in front of the home being foreclosed on.
There are only two ways you can avoid this process: Negotiate with the homeowner to buy the house immediately, then negotiate with the bank in something like a short sale, or buy the note from the bank, then foreclose. I cannot recommend either approach based on the facts you've given me.
My suggestion: The foreclosure notice will be posted in a local newspaper. Attend the foreclosure sale, and you may even want to bid. If you want to do this, make sure you know the rules and have the requisite certified check for the deposit.
But even if you do not bid (or you are not the successful bidder), talk with the ultimate buyer.
He or she may not be interested in living in the property and may be willing to cut a deal with you.
But I have to end this question with a note of caution: Buying property at a foreclosure sale is risky; do your homework, retain a local attorney and get that important title search.
Q: We own a time share (week 14) at Nags Head, N.C. We possess a deed for this week and pay a $505 yearly homeowners association fee, plus a $75 pet fee. Please explain how we can be required to submit a credit card on arrival or be refused a key to our unit with a deed in hand.
A: This question is of concern to a lot of people, but there is a valid reason.
You own week 14, and when you show up for your week, you want the place to be in great condition. Time-share management will inspect the unit immediately after every time-share owner leaves. If there is damage, it will want to charge that owner.
Accordingly, management takes an imprint of your credit card to charge owners for any problems they may have created during their stay.
But you should make sure management notifies you first before charging your credit card. I suggest taking digital pictures of the entire unit just before you leave. This way, should management complain, you have documentation to dispute, if appropriate.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

India Inc Most Optimistic Among Asian Companies: SurveyYou are here: Home Global Economy
China, Singapore Slowdown Weigh on Q3 Asia Business Sentiment
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 10:09 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Mumbai: Business sentiment among Asia's top companies fell sharply in the third quarter, weighed down by worries about China's slowing economy, a possible end to the US Federal Reserve's stimulus policy and a decline in the outlook for regional economic hubs like Singapore, a ThomsonReuters/INSEAD survey showed.
The ThomsonReuters/INSEAD Asia Business Sentiment Index fell to 66 in the third quarter from 74 in the previous quarter, its steepest decline in three years. A reading above 50 indicates an overall positive outlook.
Companies in India were the most positive with a maximum score of 100 for the second consecutive quarter after Narendra Modi was elected prime minister.
In contrast, Taiwanese businesses were the most negative, with a score of 33.
"While growth is still robust across Asia, businesses are grappling with a number of challenges, including worries about rising interest rates as the Fed begins to press the brakes," said Frederic Neumann, the Hong Kong-based co-head of Asian economic research at HSBC.
He also said business conditions in China had become more uncertain amid a softening real estate market.
Chinese companies polled were neutral about their prospects, which led China's score in the third quarter to drop to 50 from 67. China's economy is expected to grow 7.3 per cent this year, its weakest pace in 24 years, a Reuters poll of analysts shows.
Singapore also turned in a third-quarter reading of 50, a sharp drop from the previous quarter's score of 67.
The index surveyed 200 of the Asia-Pacific region's top companies in 11 economies across sectors including financials, property, resources and technology.
Companies participating in the survey included Australian construction materials firm James Hardie Industries Plc , Japan's Fast Retailing Co Ltd and Indian drugmaker Lupin Ltd, among others.
The poll, conducted by ThomsonReuters in association with INSEAD, a global management and business school, was compiled from September 1-12.
It showed global economic worries, rising costs and other risks including currency volatility and regulatory uncertainty were the key business concerns.
Of the 120 companies that responded, 64 per cent reported a neutral outlook, while 34 per cent said they had a positive outlook and 1.67 per cent were negative.
India Bullish, China Slips
Business sentiment in key Asian economies India and Thailand benefitted from political change.
In India, Prime Minister Modi's election has helped lift the stock market to record highs, while the end of months of political unrest in Thailand and the establishment of a military government has eased businesses concerns.
All 15 Indian firms surveyed were positive about their outlook. Thailand was the second-most positive, with a score of 90.
"One hundred-plus days into the Modi government and sentiment seem to be improving, albeit gradually," said Girish Vanvari, co-head of tax at KPMG in India. "We are certainly in for a period of gradual sustainable growth."
Indian drugmaker Lupin also said it was positive about the domestic business environment.
"The new government's affirmative and positive stand on important issues like economic policy, manufacturing reforms and easing of foreign investment norms has reaffirmed confidence in India's growth story," said Shamsher Gorawara, director of corporate communications at Mumbai-based Lupin.
Politics also helped businesses in Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, to achieve an overall positive score of 75 in the third quarter. Indonesians recently elected President Joko Widodo, who is believed to be more business friendly than his predecessor.
Slowing growth in Asia's largest economy China, however, weakened business sentiment in the third quarter. All companies polled from China were neutral about their outlook and most listed global economic uncertainty as their greatest risk.
Apart from China, sentiment in South Korea and Singapore also slipped to neutral from positive in the second quarter. Taiwan was the only country in the region in negative territory with a score of 33.
Sentiment in the Philippines, which had posted a maximum score of 100 in the second quarter, dropped sharply to 83 as some companies lowered their bullish views on the outlook and employment levels.
Corporate sentiment among Australian companies also fell to 75 from 79 in the second quarter, while Japan edged higher to 59 from 56. Export-driven South Korea maintained its neutral reading of 50, the same as the second quarter.
Autos Positive, Property Down
By sector, autos, resources, pharmaceuticals and food were the most positive across the region with readings of 75.
Sentiment among Asian automakers improved for the third consecutive quarter, while the shipping, building and financials sectors were the least optimistic, each with a neutral reading of 50.
The property sector recorded a sharp decline in sentiment, with the sector's score falling to a more than two-year low of 63 from 79 in the second quarter. Many companies lowered their outlook to neutral as China's property sector faces a deepening slowdown.
"Property is central to the Chinese economy. The softening real estate market primarily impacts construction activity, with businesses directly involved in the sector feeling the biggest pinch," HSBC's Neumann said.
Asian builders also showed lower optimism with all respondents reporting a neutral outlook, compared with a 75 reading in the second quarter.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India Home to 100 Billionaires; 6th Largest Population GloballyYou are here: Home Global Economy
India Home to 100 Billionaires; 6th Largest Population Globally
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 12:21 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Singapore/New Delhi: India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having $175 billion (Rs 10.5 lakh crore) in networth.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, released today, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased but India still enjoys a decent 6th position in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, India has more number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France among others. Globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons.
Moreover, the country's financial capital Mumbai, with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York which is home to 103 billionaires.
On the top 40 billionaire countries/territories list, the United States maintained its position as the world's top billionaire country with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the United Kingdom (130) in the second and third position respectively.
According to the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India's billionaire population has decreased by 3 per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by $5 billion to $175 billion.
However, the world's population of billionaires continues to grow.
The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325 with the addition of 155 new billionaires in 2014, registering a rise of 7 per cent from 2013.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 12:18 (IST)

Apple to unveil new iPads  OS on October 21: ReportThe iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while the new version of the iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch screen, Bloomberg reported.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc is set to launch two new iPads and release the next version of its Mac operating system at its next event on October 21, a Daily Dot report said, citing sources familiar with the matter.
The company plans to unveil the sixth generation of its iPad and the third edition of the iPad mini, as well as its operating system OS X Yosemite , which has undergone a complete visual overhaul, the Internet news website said.
The iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while the new version of the iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch screen, Bloomberg earlier reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
Apple also unveiled its Apple Watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay" last week.

Archaeologists unearth an ancient Egyptian woman with over 70 hair extensionsBy Rachel Feltman September 17 Follow @rachelfeltman
Another ancient Egyptian body, and one with decidedly less hair. (Aladin Abdel Naby/Reuters)
No hair spray required: Even though she wasn't mummified, the body of a 3,300-year-old Egyptian was found with a complex coif still sitting atop her skull. All together, archaeologists count about 70 different extensions placed on her head.
Archaeologist Jolanda Bos told Live Science that the woman probably used extensions in her day-to-day life --  but we just can't be sure. "Whether or not the woman had her hair styled like this for her burial only is one of our main research questions," said Bos . This particular 'do was almost certainly styled after death, and slicked into place with animal fat, which kept it preserved. But it's possible that the popular styles of the day were equally elaborate.
This coiffed corpse is just one of many that Bos is studying, all found in the cemetery of an ancient city we now call Amarna. She's looking at their hair to learn more about their city. Variation in hair type indicates that it was an ethnically diverse area, and the different styling techniques -- which include many extensions, sometimes from multiple hair donors, even though all styles were kept around 12 inches long or less -- will help her understand their culture.
You can see more of that sweet ancient style over at Live Science .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

 Wall St Hits Session Highs; Investors Digest Fed NewsYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Ends Higher After Federal Reserve; Dow at Record
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 02:37 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: US stocks ended up on Wednesday, with the Dow at a record high, after the Federal Reserve renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated its concerns about slack in the labour market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 24.95 points, or 0.15 per cent, to 17,156.92.
The S&P 500 gained 2.6 points, or 0.13 per cent, to 2,001.58.
The Nasdaq Composite added 9.43 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 4,562.19.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

IMF Readies $127M for 3 Countries Battling EbolaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Maruti Suzuki sales head Pareek quitsMaruti Suzuki sales head Pareek quits
Playing the odds with Scottish voteSeptember 17, 2014 8:02 pm
Playing the odds with Scottish vote
By James Mackintosh
Polls and punters split on outcome of referendum
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de23dc68-3e85-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aim market gets in gearSeptember 17, 2014 7:46 pm
Aim market gets in gear as brokers cash in on IPOs
By Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1fe94dea-3e4f-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wont fight another ground war in Iraq  vows BarackObamaObama stressed during a speech that airstrikes would be the central US contribution to the fight against ISIS (Source: AP)
Reuters | Macdill Air Force Base | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:19 am
President Barack Obama vowed on Wednesday the United States will not fight another ground war in Iraq, seeking to reassure Americans about the level of US involvement after a top general suggested combat troops could be deployed against ISIS forces.
Obama, who has spent much of his presidency distancing himself from the Iraq War, stressed during a speech at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa that airstrikes would be the central US contribution to the fight against ISIS, along with coordinating a coalition that he said now includes more than 40 countries.
“I want to be clear. The American forces that have been deployed to Iraq do not and will not have a combat mission,” Obama said. “We will train and equip our partners. We will advise them and we will assist them. We will lead a broad coalition of countries who have a stake in this fight.”
His message came a day after General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the US military’s Joint Chiefs of Staff, left the door slightly ajar to the possibility of some ground forces during congressional testimony that worried some Democrats.
“As your commander in chief I will not commit you and the rest of our armed forces to fighting another ground war in Iraq,” Obama said.
The United States has launched more than 160 airstrikes against ISIS targets in several areas in Iraq and Obama has authorised similar attacks against the extremist group’s strongholds in Syria. More than 1,600 American advisers have been dispatched to help Iraqi forces but Obama does not want them to get involved in ground combat to avoid a repeat of the Iraq War begun by his predecessor, George Bush.
I want to be clear. The American forces that have been deployed to Iraq do not and will not have a combat mission

Govt plans levy to safeguard steel from cheapimportsPrint
The government is planning to recommend a safeguard duty to contain imports of cheaper steel from abroad, especially from China. Reuters
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:13 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:40 am
The government is planning to recommend a safeguard duty to contain imports of cheaper steel from abroad, especially from China.
It is learnt that the move has been planned to pacify domestic steel companies, who are campaigning against a surge in cheaper imports of both long and flat steel products from China flooding the local markets. Steel produced in other nations like Japan, South Korea, Ukraine is also finding its way into the country.
Chief executives of six major utilities on Tuesday evening met steel and mines minister Narendra Singh Tomar to convey that while they are battling steep rise in input costs and sluggish market conditions, the rise in cheaper steel imports has aggravated their woes.
A source privy to the meeting said, “A general consensus emerged during the meeting that a credible way to contain the cheaper imports would be to impose a safeguard duty.”
The steel makers had told the ministry last month that imports from China during the second quarter of FY15 exceeded “the historic (quarterly) high” of 90 million tonnes and there is a pressing need to contain it. They also suggested doubling the import duty on value-added steel products to 15 per cent ad-valorem from 7.5 per cent.
The chief executive of a steel firm said the executives expressed apprehensions that if the government withdraws the duty in the General Budget next year, then it would be a long wait. Separately, the steel ministry has last week sought the finance ministry’s intervention in asking officials from customs and other departments to ascertain the quality of imported steel before allowing entry.
The steel makers have also alleged that the Chinese try to calibrate their product mix to bypass the defined quality standards under the Quality Control Order 2012 and import classification.
SAIL chairman CS Verma told this newspaper that China is exporting a category of thermo-mechanically treated (TMT bars), used mostly by the realty sector and its producers are availing lower duty and export benefits.
He said Asian countries such as Thailand have already taken measures to contain Chinese exports, and it is time India did so too.
NO DUMPING FROM CHINA
* Chief executives of six major companies met the steel minister over cheaper imports denting their prospects in a climate of rising input costs and sluggish market conditions
* Chinese imports have touched 90 MT and steelmakers have urged the ministry to contain it
* Chinese steel companies get export benefits putting Indian steel companies at a disadvantage

Najma pledges funds for relief andrehabPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:10 am
Minority Affairs minister Najma Heptulla said the ministry has decided to spend Rs 117.7 crore for relief and rehabilitation of flood victims in Jammu and Kashmir. The ministry has worked out a package for the state which will be implemented through its various schemes like Seekho aur Kamao (for employment generation), Jan Vikas Yojana (skill training programme) and scholarships etc. Heptulla, while listing her ministry’s achievements, said Rs 30 crores have been allocated for scholarships and Rs 25 crore will be available for construction of health centres, government schools and madrasas.
Heptullah said the biggest challenge before her as the Minority Affairs Minister is to “change the mindset” of people. “When Prime Minister Modi formed the government, everyone feared that the Minority Affairs ministry will be dissolved. See, we have completed more than 100 days. Not only has the ministry not been dissolved, the allocation has also been increased… so, my biggest challenge will be to remove the fears,” Heptulla said.
She added that under the new Hamari Dharohar scheme, the rich heritage of the country’s minority communities will be preserved. She said steps have been initiated to preserve around 80,000 Parsi manuscripts. “We will get them digitised. We are trying to find if the Sikh and Christian communities also want to preserve any of their heritage,” she said.

No political angle: Pranab allays China concerns over oil deal withVietnamPresident Pranab Mukherjee in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Abantika Ghosh | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:07 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 2:09 am
President Pranab Mukherjee Wednesday sought to allay Chinese concerns over the India-Vietnam agreement on oil exploration, possibly in the South China Sea, saying ONGC Videsh has been carrying out operations in the region since 1988 and that it involved only commercial activities with no “political angle”.
The President was returning from a three-day state visit to Vietnam during which ONGC Videsh (OVL) and PetroVietnam signed a letter of intent (LoI) on oil exploration in the region. India’s relations with China and Vietnam, Mukherjee said, were independent of each other as New Delhi does not believe in looking at one country through the “prism” of another. Chinese President Xi Jinping is currently visiting India, and had a dinner meeting with PM Narendra Modi in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
PetroVietnam has offered seven new oil blocks to India, all of which are in territorial limits of Vietnam, clarified Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, who was part of the delegation that accompanied the President.
China had Tuesday made it clear that it would “not support” the OVL-PetroVietnam pact to explore two more oil wells if they fall within the disputed waters of South China Sea.
Mukherjee said, “OVL has been exploring in South China Sea since 1988. It is just a commercial action. There should not be any political angularity in looking at it. We have not made any comments about the contentious issue; about the sovereignty of South China Sea because disputes there are between various maritime countries sharing territory in South China Sea. We have always held the idea that these issues are to be resolved peacefully as per international laws, norms and practices. All disputes are to be settled through dialogue in a peaceful mechanism that is without use of force or abuse of force.”
The India-Vietnam joint statement had expressed concerns about impediments in freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea. India’s support to Vietnam, Mukherjee said, was not a stray relationship, but rooted in India’s history of supporting fights against colonialism in all parts of the world.
Secretary (east) in the MEA, Anil Wadhwa, said the locations of the seven oil blocks have not been disclosed as the sites are yet to be finalised, and not because they are “contentious”.
On his positive comments about Modi government’s economic initiatives, Mukherjee said he had been merely stating facts about the economic growth curve since 2007-08 to present.

State government missing in relief work  locals scan forbodiesFire and emergency personnel drain flood water at Lal Chowk in Srinagar on Wednesday. (Source: Express photo Shuaib Masoodi )
Express News Service | Srinagar | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:05 am
As bodies are gradually being fished out of Srinagar’s submerged neighbourhoods, the state government continues to remain invisible, even as local volunteers have stepped up efforts to scan through debris for bodies, feed trapped residents and distribute relief material across the Valley.
Water isn’t receding in Jawaharnagar, Rajbagh, Gogji Bagh, Wazir Bagh and adjacent neighbourhoods. The state government had procured two dewatering pumps from ONGC to dry out water these areas. Sources said Economic Reconstruction Agency (ERA), a J&K government body, had volunteered to use the pumps. Later, it was found that ERA didn’t have the capacity to use them. “The pumps were subsequently handed over to the Army, who used them to dewater the Badami Bagh cantonment”.
Sources said ONGC had provided four more dewatering pumps. “These are very effective because they are used to pump out oil sludge. It pumps out ten thousand litres in two minutes,” a senior officer said. “But we don’t have hose pipes that are expected on the 19th”, he added. The officer said they are expecting two more pumps from ONGC on Thursday.
He added that they had so far achieved little in terms of dewatering. “As many as 21 vehicles of Fire Brigade department aren’t able to make any difference,” the officer said.
Sources in the state government also said only one flight with relief material came from the Centre on Wednesday. “It carried milk powder for Chashma Shahi milk plant, tetra packs of milk, spices etc. We hope that the relief inflow is not drying up”, said an official.
He added that a senior official of NDMA along with a DIG of NDRF visited Sanatnagar relief camp. “The people were very agitated. They were asking us, ‘where is the camera and mike, you have turned this entire rescue and relief effort into an exhibition’,” he said.
The official further said that the Centre team also visited the Rambagh Bund area where the local youth were “very agitated.”
While relief work is focused on Srinagar, vast areas in north Kashmir have been badly hit. The district administration’s response, however, has been quick. Sources reveal that the administration procured more than six lakh sand bags from HCC operating in Bandipore. “Once we saw what happened in Srinagar, we were scared. We evacuated villages on Jhelum and Wular banks in time,” an official from north Kashmir said.
“There was enough material available to send a million sand bags to strengthen the embankment of Jhelum in and around Srinagar. It seems government didn’t take the warnings seriously”, he added.

To make trains run faster  Rlys to get help fromChinaPrint
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:04 am
The Indian Railways will get assistance from its counterpart in China for semi-high speed corridors, which allow trains to run at a speed of up to 200 km per hour. Upgrading technical skills and station redevelopment projects are two other areas wherein the two countries will collaborate. A comprehensive agreement is going to be signed between the two countries Thursday.
Of the eight semi-high speed corridors, meant to upgrade train speed between 160-200 km per hour, one will be handed over to China to conduct technical studies, sources said. The study will be funded by China, which will tell Railways how to upgrade speed with minimum infrastructure intervention.
With increasing prospects of foreign collaboration and the policy on FDI in railway sector finally liberalised, Railways has set up a committee of six joint secretary-level officers to bring out an action plan by the end of this month. The deadline has been set by the Prime Minister’s Office. The strategy will include roadshows, investors’ meets and other areas to attract FDI.
“The Delhi-Agra semi-high speed project was relatively simple because much of the work on that was already at an advanced stage. But for the other eight corridors of semi-high speed, we need more investment and technical analysis,” said a senior Railway Board official. The Delhi-Agra line will be launched in November.
To upgrade skills, a team of railway officers will travel to China to learn about setting up a Railway university. For station upgrades, Railways is exploring the possibility of a joint venture. The other major area of collaboration is going to be heavy haul freight movement.
As far as infusion of Chinese funds into the Railways is concerned, the problem faced by the two sides is that unlike Japan, China does not have an instrument for funding through loans. To address this, a Chinese delegation Wednesday met the Railway Board for over two hours.

Senator blasts revolving door from D.C. to WallEMAIL
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass. (Alex Wong, Getty Images)
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a longtime Wall Street critic, is standing by her criticism of former House majority leader Eric Cantor’s move to an investment bank .
In an op-ed column for the Huffington Post, the Massachusetts Democrat said Cantor “isn’t the exception — he’s the rule” as she went on to denounce a revolving door between Washington and Wall Street that she argues gives financial institutions a huge voice in economic policymaking.
“When former congressmen call, when a senator’s ex-chief of staff is on the line, when someone who worked on the Banking Committee for years calls, it’s hard to ignore them,” Warren wrote. “Relationships matter, and anyone who doubts that Wall Street’s outsized influence in Washington has watered down our government’s policies toward still-too-big-to-fail banks isn’t paying attention.”
Warren, who helped launch the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau before her successful Senate run in 2012, has become a favorite of the progressive movement. She has said she’s not interested in running for president in 2016, despite entreaties from those looking for an alternative to Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Her op-ed column was prompted, in part, by criticism from former congressman Anthony Weiner. He called her original comments about Cantor’s move to Moelis & Co. an “overblown critique” that was also “petty.”
 

Queasy day for food stocksQueasy stomach for food stocks
By: David Craig September 17, 2014 4:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
 
 
Food stocks suffered a minor case of stomach flu Wednesday after General Mills dumped a bowl of lower-than-expected quarterly results on investors’ laps.
The maker of brands such as Cheerios, Green Giant, Progresso and Betty Crocker reported  fiscal first-quarter earnings and revenue that fell short of analysts’ estimates. General Mills shares ( GIS ) fell almost 5% on the news and were one of the worst-performing stocks on the Standard & Poor’s 500 index ( INX ).
General Mills reported first-quarter earnings of 61 cents a share, excluding one-time items, falling well shy of the 68-cent-a-share consensus estimate among analysts, according to Zacks Investment research. A big problem was a 5% drop in U.S. retail sales, the single most important market for the company.
Figuring that weakness wouldn’t be limited to just General Mills, traders dumped shares of other U.S. food makers.  Poultry maker Tyson Foods ( TSN ) and Kraft Foods ( KRFT ) each dropped more than 1%.
General Mills was most recently in the news when it announced plans this month to buy natural foods company Annie’s Homegrown ( BNNY ) for $820 million in cash.

Senate: China Hacked Military Contractor NetworksAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Editorial: India s WTO problemEditorial: India s WTO problem
Sebi wants yearly tell-all accountsSebi wants yearly tell-all accounts
Data analytics drives the BPM businessData analytics drives the BPM business
IndiGo inks $2.6-billion aircraft lease deal with China s ICBCIndiGo inks $2.6-billion aircraft lease deal with China s ICBC
Jet Airways to come up with  better  offer for JetLite pilotsJet Airways to come up with  better  offer for JetLite pilots
Protest at Jantar Mantar over Xi visitProtest at Jantar Mantar over Xi visit
Ball is in governments courtBall is in governments court
Reliance Jio Awards up to 70 000 Site Contract to Samsung: Credit SuisseReliance Jio Awards up to 70 000 Site Contract to Samsung: Credit Suisse
Podcast: Swedens election resultSweden's inconclusive election result Sep 17, 2014 - 1:57 pm
Sweden is facing a period of political instability after an inconclusive election toppled the centre right government of Fredrik Reinfeldt, but left his centre left opponent Stefan Löfven significantly short of a majority in parliament. Fiona Symon spoke to Richard Milne, FT Nordics correspondent, about the result

Startup branding and thinking beyond  I need a logo0
A. Design is very important no matter what level you’re at. Everybody’s needs are different to get started. A freelancer is a way more affordable place to start. It’s really important to choose the right person, and a lot of people don’t put that work into it. They just want somebody cheap and that they know. Ask for recommendations. You can find people easily on (portfolio) websites like Behance.net. I think it’s more about finding the right fit so you make a good first impression with whatever it is that you’re selling. It can be improved upon once you have a bit more money to take it to the next level.
Q. How can founders avoid getting too married to an early idea?
A. List out what you’re trying to do with your mission and who you’re talking to. If your idea doesn't fit with what you’re trying to achieve, then it’s probably the wrong path.
Q. How did you get involved with CreativeMornings?
A. I took it over in February 2013. It’s my way of connecting with the community. The whole thing is free and run on volunteer work. What I love about it is there’s no trying to sell you something. It’s just to get people together to get inspired by somebody in the creative community that’s doing cool things. We have monthly themes. We used to focus a lot on design, but now the themes are helping us open up to more of the creative community. In February, the theme was rebel, and we invited a tattoo artist. January was childhood, so we had a toy maker. April was sex, so we had a sex toy shop owner come in.
Q. How do you balance your work and life with your husband/partner?
A. When we were working out of our house, it was really tough on our relationship, mostly because we didn't leave the house. We rented a desk at a co-working space, and one of us would go there. We did that for a year, and then we got our own studio. We try to keep work at work when we’re here, and when we’re home we try to shut it off. We have different roles, which helps tremendously. Kyle does all the bookkeeping and is better at Web and digital design. I do a lot of the client and project management, a lot of the creative design and almost all of the print design.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Key aspects of Chinese President Xi Jinpings visit to IndiaUpdated: September 17, 2014 15:55 IST
Key aspects of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Internet Desk
Tweet
* 20 MoUs and agreements are expected to be signed by the two countries on issues related to infrastructure development, cultural ties among others during Mr. Xi's visit. Read more
* Beijing is expected to push its new-generation APC1000 nuclear reactors. The two leaders are expected to discuss the possibility of a civil nuclear cooperation agreement. Read more
* Is the Gujarat model, the way forward for India-China ties? Gujarat has been among the biggest destinations for Chinese investment in India, with Beijing looking to take forward plans to set up industrial parks in India, in part based on its experience in Gujarat. Chief amongst the agreements will be the setting up of two ‘industrial cities’ near Gandhinagar and Pune on the lines of the Chinese manufacturing hub Shenzen. Read more
* India has warmed up to the idea of the BCIM (Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar) corridor. Long promoted by China, BCIM is intended to link Kunming to Kolkata, Mandalay (Myanmar), Dhaka and Chittagong. It is intended to advance multi-modal connectivity, harness economic complementarities, promote investment and trade, and facilitate people-to-people contacts. Read more
* China has amplified the pitch on its vision of the Maritime Silk Road (MSR) amid the repositioning of American forces in the Asia-Pacific and an emerging trade deal between Washington and its traditional regional allies. Read more
* Over $10 billion investment is expected from China during Mr. Xi’s visit. Currently, Chinese investment in India stands at $400 million. President Xi Jinping, in his exclusive article in The Hindu, talks about ‘combining the world’s factory and the world’s back office to produce the most competitive production base’. Read more
* 'Progress has been made in the negotiations on the boundary question, and the two sides have worked together to maintain peace in the border area,' wrote the Chinese Premier in connection with the decades-old border issues that have marred Sino-Indo ties for long. Read more
* President Xi’s visit may provide Narendra Modi a rare chance to seize the moment by stating India’s political intent on solving the border row between the two countries, beginning with measurable steps to clarify the Line of Actual Control, and to root out border incidents. Read Editorial
* With India and China deciding to mark 2014 as a “year of friendly exchanges”, talks on the issue of stapled visas might figure in the meeting. Read more

Gold may slip to $1K an ounce if support lines brokenCharts show gold could drop to $1,000 an ounce if cluster of support lines broken
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 04.51PM IST
Gold prices have tumbled to their lowest since Jan. 9 over the last week, bottoming out at $1,225.30 an ounce.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Gold's slide to eight-month lows over the last week has brought it within sight of a cluster of chart support lines near its 2013 lows, a breach of which could set up a slide back to $1,000 an ounce.
Analysts who study past price patterns for clues on the next direction of trade say a breach of support around the metal's June 2013 low of $1,180 an ounce could see it fall back towards triple figures as soon as early next year.
Around the June low, lines of support run all the way down to $1,150, the 61.8 per cent Fibonacci retracement of gold's rally from its 2008 lows to its 2011 record high at $1,920.30.
"The pressure has been to the downside for over two years now," said Nicole Elliott, technical analyst at ForexTrading .Tv.
"If you're sitting in a gold fund, or a perma bull, you just can't sit there... You have to say, enough's enough."
Gold prices have tumbled to their lowest since Jan. 9 over the last week, bottoming out at $1,225.30 an ounce.
Since rebounding from its 2013 lows, gold has made a series of descending highs in what technical analysts say is a typically bearish pattern. Its recent break out of the triangle pattern it has been forming since the middle of last year suggests that further weakness is on the way, they add.
If it were to drop through the band of support lines lying between $1,200 and $1,150, it risks posting the steepest drop since the second quarter of 2013, when the metal plunged $200 an ounce in just two days after breaking long-term support at $1,525.
"It does have a huge event risk," Gerry Celaya, chairman of Redtower Asset Management, said. "You could see $1,180 go, and the next thing you know, you're below $1,100 within a day or so. That would be similar to what we saw back in 2013 - everyone saw us in a range above $1,500, then suddenly we weren't."
CLEARING OUT THE CUPBOARDS
For now, gold is pulling back some of the last week's lost ground, heading back towards the $1,240 an ounce area. This is likely to be temporary, however.
"Short term, over the next few days we'll see a little bounce, then we'll move back down again," Commerzbank analyst Axel Rudolph said. "Probably before the end of the year we'll head to the $1,190-1,180 area... then we're probably going to bounce out."
"Depending how long the bounce takes, we can forecast when we will reach (the next target)," he added. "Perhaps by the end of the first quarter of 2015, we'll reach the $1,000 level."
If gold does head back towards that point, a low not seen in five years, it would test the mettle of gold bulls who had been hoping that the current year's price stagnation had been setting the metal up for a rebound.
Investors who bought after the early stages of the financial crisis could see their investments slip slowly under water. But if they choose to sell now, they will lose out on any potential rebound.
Rudolph believes that from a chart perspective, gold will recover its poise after testing $1,000. But for many gold investors, such a retreat could spark another loss of confidence after last year's 28 per cent plunge.
Holdings of gold-backed exchange-traded funds, popular investment vehicles that issue securities backed by physical bullion , are 284 tonnes higher than they were when gold rose above $1,000 an ounce. Any positions added above that level would be unprofitable once prices drop below that point.
Technical analysts predict a test of $1,180 an ounce in the next few months, with a return of the $1,000 level by early next year then potentially on the cards. As seen last year, price moves following a breach of key chart support can be swift.
"When do see a break below $1,180, we could see a move towards $1,000 an ounce probably within four weeks," Celaya said.
"When you break out of a pattern like this, usually the pick-up in momentum should be swift. They'll be clearing out the cupboards, so to speak."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Vince Vaughn shops Mag Mile penthouse for $14.9 millionVince Vaughn shops Mag Mile penthouse for $14.9 million
Vince Vaughn
Lenny Gilmore
Vince Vaughn at the premiere of The Dilemma at AMC River East 21 on January 6th 2010.
Vince Vaughn at the premiere of The Dilemma at AMC River East 21 on January 6th 2010. (Lenny Gilmore)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Vince Vaughn Property Hugh Hefner Lane Kiffin
Vince Vaughn offering $25,000 bonus to brokers who get contract on his Mag Mile penthouse
Actor Vince Vaughn, who once had one of the Chicago area’s highest asking prices ever for a residential property -- $24.7 million – for his five-bedroom, 12,000-square-foot triplex penthouse in the Palmolive building on North Michigan Avenue, is now informally shopping the unit for $14.9 million.
8
Michael Walker / Chicago Tribune
Vince Vaughn is informally shopping his five-bedroom, 12,000-square-foot triplex penthouse in the Palmolive building on North Michigan Avenue.
Vince Vaughn is informally shopping his five-bedroom, 12,000-square-foot triplex penthouse in the Palmolive building on North Michigan Avenue. (Michael Walker / Chicago Tribune)
And he's offering a $25,000 bonus to brokers who can get a contract to sell the unit by the end of the month.
   
Vaughn’s listing agent, Susan Miner of Premier Relocation, is circulating a one-page listing sheet with local brokers describing Vaughn’s unit as a "stunning Palmolive penthouse" in an "infamous" building. She has not placed the unit in northern Illinois’ Multiple Listing Service, however.
   
Miner declined to comment on the listing.
   
Vaughn paid $12 million in 2006 through his VAV 2005 Trust for the penthouse unit in the Palmolive building. He first listed the unit informally for $24.7 million in 2011 and then officially and publicly listed it in 2012 for $18.4 million.
   
In September 2012, Vaughn reduced his asking price to $16.75 million. He took the penthouse off the market in February 2013.
   
Now, Vaughn is having Miner reach out to brokers with the new, lower price. If the unit sells for anywhere near its asking price, it would be one of the most expensive residential deals in Chicago-area history.
sounds like a nice apartment but im quite content living in logan square
thenewzack2013

Xi  Modi meeting a courtesy discussion  | Chinese Prez gets lavish welcomeChinese President
(The Chinese President,…)
AHMEDABAD: The brief talk between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping , on the first day of his India visit here today, was a "courtesy discussion" and a formal summit meeting between the two leaders will be held in Delhi tomorrow, according to Ministry of External Affairs (MEA).
"This is just a get-together. No formal talks were held. He (Modi) has welcomed him (Xi) as his guest, has appreciated his (Xi's) coming here in Ahmedabad and thanked him (Xi)," MEA Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told PTI.
"It was just a courtesy discussion and formal talks will be held tomorrow in Delhi," he said in response to a query on the issues discussed between Modi and Xi during their brief one-to-one talk before signing of three MoUs between State of Gujarat and China.
The Chinese President, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan , started his three-day India visit from Ahmedabad today and has left to Delhi late in the evening.
State authorities rolled out the red carpet as Xi, the first Chinese leader to visit Gujarat, was given a warm welcome after an Air China special aircraft carrying him and his delegation landed at the airport in the afternoon where he was accorded a police guard of honour.
Giant billboards in Mandarin, Gujarati and English were put up at various places here to welcome the Chinese leader.
The three pacts signed today include making Guangzhou city in China and Ahmedabad as sister cities, setting up of industrial parks in this state and an agreement between Guangdong province and the Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, officials said.
The agreement, aimed at developing industrial parks, was signed between China Development Bank (CDB) and Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat Government. It envisages promoting the bilateral trade and setting up of industrial parks in the state, especially for electronics and electrical goods.
While an agreement was signed between Guangdong province and Gujarat government for development of cultural and social ties between the two provinces, another MoU was inked between Guangzhou city and Ahmedabad, to make them sister cities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

California allows tests of self-driving carsCalifornia OKs first tests of self-driving cars
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 17, 2014: 10:08 AM ET
Audi got the green light from California to test its self-driving car.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
California, a state synonymous for cars, has issued its first approvals to test self-driving cars.
Audi and Google have both received an autonomous driving permit from California.
Audi said the permit was issued the same day that new state regulations governing the testing of self-driving cars go into effect.
Audi ( AUDVF )said that it's already tested self-driving cars in Europe and other U.S. states where testing is permitted. It said the California is particularly important as a testing ground, since it's home to the company's Electronics Research Lab.
The lab, known as the ERL, is owned by Audi parent Volkswagen ( VLKAF ) and is located in the Silicon Valley city of Belmont.
Google ( GOOG )revealed its self-driving prototype in May and expects it to hit the market in the next five or six years.
Google has also been prepping its self-driving test cars to fit California standards, which requires the test vehicles to have manual controls.
"After each vehicle is assembled, we fit a temporary steering wheel and set of controls into it," said Google, in a recent blog post. "We'll remove these manual controls after the prototypes have finished being tested and permitted, because our vehicles are ultimately designed to operate without a human driver."
Nevada, Florida and Michigan have also passed legislation allowing for the testing of self-driving cars on public roads. Audi said that in 2012 it was the carmaker to receive a Nevada license plate allowing autonomous driving.
Nissan ( NSANF ) plans to have a self-driving car on the market by 2020.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 8:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Online Sleuths Aid Probe Into Gay Couple s BeatingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Texas prepares for a rare occurrence: An execution of a womanBy Mark Berman September 17 Follow @markberman
This undated handout photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Lisa Ann Coleman. On Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014, Coleman is set for execution for 9-year-old Davontae Williams’s starvation death 10 years ago. (AP Photo/Texas Department of Criminal Justice)
Texas executed Lisa Coleman on Wednesday evening. Coleman was the ninth person executed by Texas this year — more than any other state – and the 30th inmate executed in the United States over the same span.
This particular execution was also unusual for this country, because executions of female inmates have almost never happened throughout the modern era of the death penalty.
Executions of women in the United States are incredibly rare. Coleman is just the 15th woman put to death since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976, according to the Death Penalty Information Center. That accounts for about 1 percent of the 1,389 executions over that time.
Coleman, 38, was sentenced to death after being found guilty of murdering Davontae Williams, her partner’s nine-year-old son, a decade ago. Davontae was emaciated, weighing 35 pounds at the time of his death in 2004, and had multiple injuries on his body. Coleman and Marcella Williams, her longtime girlfriend, had restrained him and deprived him of food, according to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice.
She was killed by lethal injection in Huntsville, Tex. The execution took about 12 minutes, lasting from 6:12 p.m. to 6:24 p.m., and nothing unusual happened, the Department of Criminal Justice reported. In her final remarks, she told her family and “the girls on the row” she loved them. Her last words were, “I’m done.”
In Texas, a murder committed during a kidnapping is considered  capital murder . (Since 2011, killing a child younger than 10 has also been considered a capital murder.) However, in a petition filed with the U.S. Supreme Court, Coleman’s attorney argued that while she abused Williams, she did not kidnap him, which would mean she did not commit capital murder.
“There is clear and convincing evidence that both Lisa Coleman and Marcella Williams abused Davontae Williams,” the petition stated. “Lisa Coleman does not deny that she did things to Davontae Williams that she should not have done.”
Her attorney asked for a stay writing that she was only being put to death because Texas wants “to make sure someone pays” for what happened to Davontae. (Marcella Williams pleaded guilty in exchange for a life sentence .)
In a response filed with the Supreme Court, Texas officials said she should not be granted a stay, writing that Coleman does not have “clear and convincing evidence” showing she was not guilty of capital murder.
The Supreme Court declined to stay the execution, announcing about an hour before the execution that the full court had denied the stay. The court did not offer an explanation.
Before Coleman, the last woman put to death was Suzanne Basso, who was executed by Texas  in February  for torturing and killing a man. Going into Wednesday, there were eight women on death row in Texas (including Coleman), which made up about 3 percent of the people on death row.
Coleman’s execution came a week after the country’s last execution, which also occurred in Texas. Willie Trottie was put to death  for shooting and killing his ex-girlfriend and her brother. Trottie similarly asked the Supreme Court for a stay of execution, but the Supreme Court denied the request .
Texas is far and away the most active state when it comes to capital punishment, having put 516 inmates to death since 1976. That is nearly five times as many executions as any other state (Oklahoma has put 111 people to death, while Virginia has executed 110 inmates). Of the 14 women executed ince 1976, five of them were put to death in Texas.
Related: Everything you need to know about executions in the United States .
This post has been updated to note that the execution occurred. First published: 2:44 p.m. Last update: 7:51 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Not safe to display American flag in American high school  denial of rehearing en bancBy Eugene Volokh September 17 Follow @volokhc
I blogged about the case in February , when the Ninth Circuit panel opinion came down; here’s an excerpt, which summarizes the issue:
Today’s Dariano v. Morgan Hill Unified School Dist. (9th Cir. Feb. 27, 2014) upholds a California high school’s decision to forbid students from wearing American flag T-shirts on Cinco de Mayo. (See here and here for more on this case.)
The court points out that the rights of students in public high schools are limited — under the Supreme Court’s decision in Tinker v. Des Moines Indep. Comm. School Dist. (1969), student speech could be restricted if “school authorities [can reasonably] forecast substantial disruption of or material interference with school activities” stemming from the speech. And on the facts of this case, the court concludes, there was reason to think that the wearing of the T-shirts would lead to disruption. There had been threats of racial violence aimed at students who wore such shirts the year before:
On Cinco de Mayo in 2009, a year before the events relevant to this appeal, there was an altercation on campus between a group of predominantly Caucasian students and a group of Mexican students. The groups exchanged profanities and threats. Some students hung a makeshift American flag on one of the trees on campus, and as they did, the group of Caucasian students began clapping and chanting “USA.” A group of Mexican students had been walking around with the Mexican flag, and in response to the white students’ flag-raising, one Mexican student shouted “f*** them white boys, f*** them white boys.” When Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez told the student to stop using profane language, the student said, “But Rodriguez, they are racist. They are being racist. F*** them white boys. Let’s f*** them up.” Rodriguez removed the student from the area….
At least one party to this appeal, student M.D., wore American flag clothing to school on Cinco de Mayo 2009. M.D. was approached by a male student who, in the words of the district court, “shoved a Mexican flag at him and said something in Spanish expressing anger at [M.D.’s] clothing.
Indeed, something similar happened the day of the 2010 incident that led to the lawsuit. After the principal 2010 ordered the students to change their shirts (or to go home with an excused absence), the students got threats of violence:
In the aftermath of the students’ departure from school, they received numerous threats from other students. D.G. was threatened by text message on May 6, and the same afternoon, received a threatening phone call from a caller saying he was outside of D.G.’s home. D.M. and M.D. were likewise threatened with violence, and a student at Live Oak overheard a group of classmates saying that some gang members would come down from San Jose to “take care of” the students. Because of these threats, the students did not go to school on May 7.
The court therefore concluded that, under Tinker, the principal’s restriction of the students’ speech was permissible:
Here, both the specific events of May 5, 2010, and the pattern of which those events were a part made it reasonable for school officials to proceed as though the threat of a potentially violent disturbance was real. We hold that school officials, namely Rodriguez, did not act unconstitutionally, under either the First Amendment or Article I, § 2(a) of the California Constitution, in asking students to turn their shirts inside out, remove them, or leave school for the day with an excused absence in order to prevent substantial disruption or violence at school.
This is a classic “heckler’s veto” — thugs threatening to attack the speaker, and government officials suppressing the speech to prevent such violence. “Heckler’s vetoes” are generally not allowed under First Amendment law; the government should generally protect the speaker and threaten to arrest the thugs, not suppress the speaker’s speech. But under Tinker‘s “forecast substantial disruption” test, such a heckler’s veto is indeed allowed.
The 9th Circuit decision may thus be a faithful application of Tinker, and it might be that Tinker sets forth the correct constitutional rule here. Schools have special responsibilities to educate their students and to protect them both against violence and against disruption of their educations. A school might thus have the discretion to decide that it will prevent disruption even at the cost of letting thugs suppress speech.
Yet even if the judges are right, the situation in the school seems very bad. Somehow, we’ve reached the point that students can’t safely display the American flag in an American school, because of a fear that other students will attack them for it — and the school feels unable to prevent such attacks (by punishing the threateners and the attackers, and by teaching students tolerance for other students’ speech). Something is badly wrong, whether such an incident happens on May 5 or any other day.
And this is especially so because behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated. The school taught its students a simple lesson: If you dislike speech and want it suppressed, then you can get what you want by threatening violence against the speakers. The school will cave in, the speakers will be shut up, and you and your ideology will win. When thuggery pays, the result is more thuggery. Is that the education we want our students to be getting?
This morning, the Ninth Circuit declined to rehear the case en banc (with an 11-judge panel, rather than just this three-judge panel). Judges O’Scannlain, Tallman, and Bea dissented from the decision; here’s an excerpt, though the whole opinion bears reading:
The freedom of speech guaranteed by our Constitution is in greatest peril when the government may suppress speech simply because it is unpopular. For that reason, it is a foundational tenet of First Amendment law that the government cannot silence a speaker because of how an audience might react to the speech. It is this bedrock principle — known as the heckler’s veto doctrine — that the panel overlooks, condoning the suppression of free speech by some students because other students might have reacted violently….
Rather than acting to protect the students who were peacefully expressing their views, Live Oak decided to suppress the speech of those students because other students might do them harm. Live Oak’s reaction to the possible violence against the student speakers, and the panel’s blessing of that reaction, sends a clear message to public school students: by threatening violence against those with whom you disagree, you can enlist the power of the State to silence them. This perverse incentive created by the panel’s opinion is precisely what the heckler’s veto doctrine seeks to avoid.
In this case, the disfavored speech was the display of an American flag. But let no one be fooled: by interpreting Tinker to permit the heckler’s veto, the panel opens the door to the suppression of any viewpoint opposed by a vocal and violent band of students. The next case might be a student wearing a shirt bearing the image of Che Guevara, or Martin Luther King, Jr., or Pope Francis. It might be a student wearing a President Obama “Hope” shirt, or a shirt exclaiming “Stand with Rand!” It might be a shirt proclaiming the shahada, or a shirt announcing “Christ is risen!” It might be any viewpoint imaginable, but whatever it is, it will be vulnerable to the rule of the mob. The demands of bullies will become school policy.
That is not the law.
The dissent argues that the decision is inconsistent with the views of the Seventh and Eleventh Circuits, and that Tinker is best interpreted as not allowing “heckler’s veto” arguments. I take it the students will be asking the Supreme Court to review the case, and there’s a decent chance (though still something of a longshot) that the Court will take it, given the dissent from denial of rehearing, and the different views taken by the different circuit opinions. It’s also possible that the Court will agree to hear the case together with last month’s Bible Believers case , which also upheld a speech restriction based on a “heckler’s veto,” though there involving speech in a traditional public forum rather than in a high school.
Thanks to Louis Bubala for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Dow Closes at Record High of 17 156 After Fed Maintains Stance on Low Interest RateAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Experts Skeptical of Testosterone Drug BenefitsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Could Brain Injuries Be Behind NFL Domestic Violencecould brain injuries be behind nfl domestic violence
Gujarat turns prime hunting ground for PMO  other deptsGujarat turns prime hunting ground for PMO
Aloke Tikku , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 01:34 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:33 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is busy building his team of civil servants in Delhi. And it has a strong Gujarat connection.
Two more Gujarat cadre IAS officers were appointed to the Centre this week amid signs that the next few rounds of bureaucratic reshuffle would see an influx of civil servants from Modi’s home state. The PM already has a handful of them in his office, beginning with his man Friday, additional principal secretary PK Mishra.
 
Gujarat-cadre officer AK Singh is a frontrunner to head the Special Protection Group that protects the PM and former PMs.
“He (Modi) had promised not to shake the boat for the civil service. He kept his word and is making the changes gradually...  as and when vacancies come up,” said a senior government official.
On Tuesday, Modi took one more step. He tasked 1980-batch Vijya Laxmi Joshi, who handled energy and petrochemical portfolios in Gujarat, to head the drinking water and sanitation department that will deliver on his promise for Swacch Bharat.
Also in Modi’s Delhi team will be 1982-batch Tapan Ray who will move into the IT ministry as additional secretary. Like most of his batchmates, Ray – who commissioned Gujarat’s project at KG basin gas production – would move up the bureaucratic hierarchy and get to independently head a department by next year.
Back in Gujarat, there are others waiting to migrate to Delhi’s power circles such as Modi’s former principal secretary Hasmukh Adhia and Ahmedabad municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.
Adhia had moved into the Gujarat CM’s office in 2004 to succeed Mishra, who now plays a key role in overseeing Modi’s governance initiatives and selecting officers with a track record to deliver.
Officials say this is one reason why Modi’s team also has a fair sprinkling of officers from Mishra’s home state of Odisha.
Former personnel secretary AN Tiwari said it wasn’t unusual if officers with links to Gujarat and Odisha were getting prized postings. The UPA I too had officers with their roots in Kerala.
 
“The tendency often is to go for officers you are comfortable with,” said Tiwari, attributing the trend to “human instinct rather than design”.
 (Inputs from Mahesh Langa in Ahmedabad)

Taxi Group Seeks to Stop Uber  Lyft in New MexicoAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Ebola-Infected Doctor Making Full Recoveryebola-infected doctor making full recovery
Therese Fauerbach on the key to getting the right customersTherese Fauerbach, The Northridge Group
Therese Fauerbach
Therese Fauerbach, president and CEO of The Northridge Group, Inc.
Therese Fauerbach, president and CEO of The Northridge Group, Inc. (The Northridge Group)
A CEO discusses the key to getting the right customers
'If your customers go bankrupt, you feel it'
Some companies experience growth in an instant, an inflection point that takes things from good to great. Therese Fauerbach, CEO and co-founding partner of consulting services organization The Northridge Group, said more than 15 years of running her own business have produced several such moments. And she credits her network with helping her manage them.
UPDATE: THERESE FAUERBACH, THE NORTHRIDGE GROUP | Some companies experience growth in an instant, an inflection point that takes things from good to great. Therese Fauerbach, CEO and co-founding partner of consulting services organization The Northridge Group, said more than 15 years of running... ( Amina Elahi )
In 1999, Northridge could hardly handle the flow of business coming from Internet companies, Fauerbach said. A former executive at communications giant MCI, Fauerbach said her expertise in telecommunications drew clients from across the country. But when the dot-com bubble burst, four of her clients went bankrupt and she nearly didn’t get paid.
Fauerbach said she realized simply having clients was not as valuable as having the right ones.
“If your customers go bankrupt, you feel it,” Fauerbach said. “You need to take a real good look at who you’re bringing in and who you’re investing your dollars in.”
The key to having the right customers, Fauerbach said, is getting to know them. Consider potential partners the way you would potential dates, Fauerbach said.
“You talk a few times, you get to know each other,” Fauerbach said. “You might pick a topic or something to work on together that lets you expand the relationship a bit and see where you’re aligned. Then you move forward or you don’t.”
If she has to end a relationship, or if she chooses not to pursue it, Fauerbach said she encourages that person to take on the challenge using internal resources or suggests a series of changes that would pave the way for a partnership.
When starting relationships, Fauerbach said she limits interactions to coffee and advice — whether she’s giving or receiving it. This gives both parties the chance to assess each other.
Fauerbach said she evaluates potential connections not on their usefulness but on a set of values. Her top priority is integrity, but she also cares about diversity of thought and innovation. Bluntness, a trait for which she is known, is also a consideration.

11 big stocks push Nasdaq toward 500011 big stocks push Nasdaq toward 5000
By: Matt Krantz September 16, 2014 3:20 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Whoop-de-doo! Another new high for the Dow. But the Nasdaq is where the real market action is, and it’s being driven by 11 big players.
There are 11 Nasdaq stocks, including Skyworks Solutions (SWKS) , Keurig Green Mountain (GMCR) and Tesla Motors (TSLA) that are valued at $10 billion or more that are up 40% or more this year, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
These standout stocks are a big reason why the Nasdaq composite index is powering ahead of the other major markets. The Nasdaq composite index is up 9% this year, which tops the 8.3% gain by the Standard & Poor’s 500 and the 3.5% gain of the Dow Jones industrial average.
Chart source: MSN Money
Certainly, the mega-caps like Apple (AAPL) and Microsoft (MSFT) are helping, too. Shares of both Apple and Microsoft are up 25% this year, and with their combined market value of nearly $1 trillion — have a massive effect.
But still, that’s not to belittle the effect that some lesser-watched Nasdaq stocks are having. Check out Skyworks. Never heard of it? You’ll wish you did. The company, the computer semiconductor company’s shares are up more that 93% this year. Investors liked what they saw from the company’s second quarter earnings report, where adjusted profit came in 4% ahead of expectations. But better yet, analysts see earnings gaining 42% this year, says S&P Capital IQ.
Another big winner for the Nasdaq is Keurig Green Mountain, maker of single-cup coffee products. Shares are up 77% as the company continues to maintain rapid growth. Earnings beat expectations by 13% in the second quarter and analysts predict 12% earnings growth this year.
Certainly, for the Nasdaq to continue it push to Nasdaq, the Apple’s, Microsoft’s and Google’s of the world will play a pivot role. The Nasdaq still need to climb an additional 9.8% to hit 5,000. But that’s just an average year’s return away.
And the big gains 40% or higher gains by stocks valued at $10 billion or more are a key driver, too:
Company

Fed reporter speaks  Wall Street listensFed reporter speaks, Wall Street listens
By: Adam Shell September 16, 2014 4:24 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Wall Street Journal reporter Jon Hilsenrath in Tuesday’s webcast.
A reporter that covers the Federal Reserve should get some credit for sparking a rally on Wall Street today.
In a webcast aired at 11 am. today ahead of tomorrow’s Fed policy statement, Jon Hilsenrath, the Wall Street Journal reporter with a reputation for having close ties with Fed officials and a good pulse on what the Fed is thinking, said the U.S. central bank is likely to continue sending a market-friendly, or “dovish,” message to investors tomorrow.
In short, Hilsenrath says the Fed’s current “forward guidance” related to the timing of the first interest rate hike will remain intact, namely that they won’t start raising rates until a “considerable time” after its bond-buying program ends. The asset purchases known as quantitative easing, or QE, could be wound down as early as next month.
Hilsenrath said he expects the Fed will keep the words “considerable time” in its statement, albeit with qualifiers, allaying fears that the Fed will do away with the two words completely, which would suggest that it plans on hiking rates earlier next year than expected.
Here’s his market call, that Wall Street heeded:
“When we read this statement tomorrow, the words ‘considerable time’ are still going to be in there, but I think they will be qualified either by the statement or the (Janet) Yellen press conference that follows,” Hilsenrath said in the video.
Wall Street, of course, has been hotly debating whether the Fed will drop the key phrase altogether. The thinking is if the Fed does drop the “considerable time” phrase, it could mean rate increases could come as early as the first quarter of 2015, well ahead of the mid-2015 timetable Wall Street has priced into markets. Low rates have been cited as a key driver of the bull market in stocks the past five-plus years.
The video aired at 11 a.m., and the market rally kicked into high gear a few minutes later when Hilsenrath’s comments went viral.
Here is a daily chart of the Dow Jones industrial average, which shot up to a fresh intraday record high of 17,167.50. The Dow fell just 6 points shy of notching a new closing high, finishing up 100.83 points, or 0.6%, to 17,131.97. Note how the Dow shoots up around 11 a.m. ET.
The Dow shot up around 11 a.m. ET after a Fed reporter said the central bank would likely keep its market-friendly language in its policy statement tomorrow. (Chart: Yahoo Finance)
 

General Mills misses estimates  reaffirms forecastGeneral Mills misses estimates, reaffirms forecast
General Mills misses estimates, reaffirms forecast
Scarlet Fu reports on General Mills' earnings on "Bloomberg Surveillance."
Scarlet Fu reports on General Mills' earnings on "Bloomberg Surveillance."

Boeing considering further boost in 737 productionBoeing considering further boost in 737 production
Boeing Airplanes chief says considering 52 737s a month by 2018
Boeing Co appears increasingly likely to boost production of its top-selling 737 jetliners to 52 a month starting in 2018 after the head of its commercial airplanes business spoke about that possibility on Tuesday.
Boeing Co appears increasingly likely to boost production of its top-selling 737 jetliners to 52 a month starting in 2018 after the head of its commercial airplanes business spoke about that possibility on Tuesday.
Reuters
Boeing Co. appears increasingly likely to boost production of its top-selling 737 jetliners to 52 a month starting in 2018 after the head of its commercial airplanes business spoke about that possibility on Tuesday.
Several college players will don them in the upcoming football season as well as three pro football ambassadors: Pierre Garcon, Mark Ingram and Colt McCoy. ( Gregory Karp )
“Now, I can tell you that the demand is there for those airplanes, significant demand. So I'm not uncomfortable with the timing or with rate,” he said.
The remarks, among the most explicit by Boeing so far, further cement the widely held view that the Chicago-based company is close to announcing another firm planned rate increase for the narrow-body 737.
The company currently makes 42 737s a month and has set firm plans to lift the rate to 47 a month in 2017.
0
Last week, Conner said he sees “incredible pressure” to increase the 737 production rate beyond current targets . Boeing President and Chief Operating Officer Dennis Muilenburg said the company “had taken a serious look” at raising rates, speaking during last week's Reuters Aerospace and Defense Summit, but he declined to say whether a decision had been made.
Airbus Group SA also is studying raising output of its best-selling A320-family aircraft beyond the record level of 46 jets a month already targeted for 2016. A decision could come by year-end, Airbus Americas President Barry Eccleston told the Reuters Aerospace and Defense Summit..
Both companies have thousands of orders for the agile, fuel-efficient planes, which are immensely popular with low-cost airlines. In Boeing's case, its backlog of 4,008 737 orders represents nearly eight years of production at current rates, meaning airlines must wait to get planes they order today.
By increasing production rates, Boeing and Airbus create earlier delivery slots that they can sell to customers.

Low Inflation Provides Best of All Worlds for Fed: JoyLow Inflation Provides Best of All Worlds for Fed: Joy
Low Inflation Provides Best of All Worlds for Fed: Joy
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial, discusses how low inflation helps the Federal Reserve, the benefits of share buybacks and how markets will react to a coming rate hike from the Fed. He speaks on ¿In The L
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial, discusses how low inflation helps the Federal Reserve, the benefits of share buybacks and how markets will react to a coming rate hike from the Fed. He speaks on ¿In The L
See more videos
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial, discusses how low inflation helps the Federal Reserve, the benefits of share buybacks and how markets will react to a coming rate hike from the Fed. He speaks on ¿In The L

Centre mulling branding for items made by wo...You are here: Home > Collections > India
Centre mulling branding for items made by women of India
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 09.35PM IST
Tags:
Child Development Minister
(Women and Child Development…)
NEW DELHI: Products created or manufactured by the women of the country could soon be identifiable by a unique brand name as the Centre is planning to introduce a distinctive 'Women of India' labelling for such items.
Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi today said that her ministry planned to involve women from across India for this purpose and their products could sold through stores and even online.
Talking about the idea at a news conference here, she said that the brand name, 'Women of India', could be used for such products. Her ministry has already formed a committee to study the proposal, Gandhi added.
"We have formed a committee of women who will be involved in work like this. We hope to get this on by next year. It'll provide a platform for any women who are making good things. And it goes from organic food all the way down to cloth... anything.
"Of course, papads and pickles will be a great part of this, so will everything else," Gandhi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

If Patel had handled Kashmir  part of it would not have been under Pak'If Patel had handled Kashmir, part of it would not have been under Pak'
PTI  Bidar (Karnataka), September 17, 2014
First Published: 20:46 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:54 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
BJP president Amit Shah on Wednesday said Pakistan would not have been holding a part of Kashmir and Article 370 would not have existed had Sardar Vallabhai Patel, instead of Jawharlal Nehru, handled the Kashmir issue.
Amit Shah with leader of Opposition in Maharashtra legislative council Vinod Tawde at the latter's residence in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
"....even today a big part of Kashmir is under Pakistan. I don't have any hesitation in telling you that if Kashmir issue was also given to Sardar Patel instead of Jawaharlal Nehru....the part of Kashmir would not have gone under Pakistan; Article 370 also wouldn't have been there and it would have remained as any other territory of India," he said.
Read: Amit Shah brushes aside bypoll setback
Shah said "it is because of Sardar Patel, his firm determination and his ability to understand people we are all together, we have to always remember this." He was speaking at a function after laying foundation stone for the statue of Patel and a martyrs' memorial at Gorta village in Bidar district in north Karnataka.
Gorta is called Jalianwala Bagh of South India after the militia of the Nizam of Hyderabad massacred some 200 people of the village for hoisting the Indian flag on May 9, 1948. Gorta was under the Nizam rule. Nizam's were reluctant to be a part of Indian Union but under the "Operation Polo" in 1948, the state of Hyderabad became part of it.
Shah said, "If today this old Nizam state is part of united India, the credit has to go to Sardar Patel." Stating that Patel's life is an inspiration to many, he said "no one from his family is into politics; in spite of him being in public life for long no one knows about his family, this is what differentiates Patel."
"Despite being a known barrister in Gujarat, when he died his bank balance was only Rs. 150. He lived a very simple life. I on this day of liberation day from the old Nizam state, pay my rich tributes to him on behalf of all countrymen." Shah also remembered the martyrs of Gorata massacre.
BJP has plans to unveil the martyrs memorial and statue of Sardar Patel on September 17, 2015 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Chinese President  first lady treated to Gujarati thaliChinese President, first lady treated to Gujarati thali
PTI  Ahmedabad, September 17, 2014
First Published: 22:18 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:24 IST(17/9/2014)
From dhokla to undhiyu and khichdi, some 20 Gujarati delicacies were on platter at the dinner organised for visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan at Ahmedabad on Wednesday evening.
Advertisement
"They certainly enjoyed it," Gujarat state spokesperson and senior minister Nitin Patel told PTI.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief minister Anandiben Patel were seated across the table at the dinner at Sabarmati river front, he said, adding 22 people, 11 from each side, had food together.
The guests were served more than 20 Gujarati dishes.
According to Gujarati tradition, the dinner started with farsaan items including khaman, dhokla, khandvi, sev khamani and khasta kachori.
The Chinese President and his wife were also served Rajwadi chhas (buttermilk with mint and coriander) during the farsan course.
This was followed by a sumptuous Gujarati thali which included ringana methi nu shak (eggplant cooked with fenugreek leaves), Gujarati khatti mithi daal (sweet and sour lentil) and undhiyu (mixed vegetable prepared with spinach paste).
It also included bhindi sambhariya (ladyfingers curry), aloo rasila (potato and tomato thin curry), steamed basmati rice and badshahi khichdi.
Chapati, methi na thepla and bhakhri with kachumber salad made up the main course.
Thandu doodh paak (a rice pudding), mango shrikhand, garam beetroot halwa and sugar free ghaun na ladu were for dessert.
Later the Chinese President and his wife left for New Delhi.

Narendra Modi bonds with Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad  takes him around SabarmatiXi in Delhi; talks today with Modi on bilateral trade, border
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad/ New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 18:48 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:22 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
China's President Xi Jinping will hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday, the second day of his visit to the country.
President Xi Jinping was given a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in the morning . He will then visit the Samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, and then call on External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi will then hold bi-lateral discussions following which both the leaders will make a media statement at Hyderabad House.
On Wednesday, China's president Xi Jinping arrived to a lavish welcome in Ahmedabad, kicking off a three-day visit aimed at rebooting ties with massive Chinese investments in India, especially in infrastructure.
The choice of Ahmedabad as Xi's first stop in India, rather than New Delhi, marked a departure from protocol that many see as part of an effort to put a positive gloss on bilateral ties that still suffer from lingering distrust, despite growing trade.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan and a delegation of senior party and government officials, was received by Modi at the Hyatt hotel, where Modi was waiting for him at the porch and greeted him with a long and warm handshake.
The two leaders then had a brief meeting followed by the signing of three memoranda of understanding (MoUs).
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
The MoUs included one on setting up of an industrial park in Gujarat and another to make Guangzhou and Ahmedabad sister cities. By the end of Xi's trip, Chinese investments totalling some $100 billion, particularly in modernising Indian railways, are expected to be announced.
Shortly after, Modi and Xi, both dressed in informal, half-sleeved jackets, met at the Sabarmati Ashram, where the prime minster personally guided the president through an exhibition on Gandhi's life.
 
Xi paid respects to a Gandhi statue with a namaste. The two leaders sat on the floor next to a charkha, and through the tour, continued to engage in a conversation--sometimes with interpreters and sometimes on their own. The president was also given gifts by the ashram.
The two then went for a walk on the Sabarmati riverfront.
 
Thereafter, men and women in traditional Gujarati dresses performed some folk dance and music in front of the Chinese guests. Xi and Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, were later headed to a lavish vegetarian dinner.
 
Xi travels to Delhi Wednesday evening and the two sides will hold delegation level talks on Thursday.
 
The day was marked many novelties--of a Chinese head of state starting a bilateral visit from Gujarat, of an Indian PM not only receiving him outside Delhi  but both leaders witnessing official agreements between the two countries outside Delhi, of a PM personally guiding a president of China, unhurriedly, through Gandhi's ashram, and a dinner with Gujarati vegetarian delicacies that Xi, Ahmedabad hopes, would remember for a long time.
 
Earlier in the day, Wang Hejun, economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese embassy in India, said China and India would sign a $6.8 billion deal to establish two industrial parks aimed at reducing trade imbalances.  
That came on the back of news that Indian carrier IndiGo had signed a $2.6 billion deal with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft.
Read: Indigo inks $2.6 bn leasing deal with Chinese bank
 
Besides investments, India is banking on China's track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones to upgrade its creaky infrastructure. India is also eager to address the imbalance in their annual trade, which now totals around $65 billion but is skewed toward imports of Chinese electrical equipment and parts.
 
But their ties are tested by a decades-old border dispute and fears of China's growing military and economic might. Earlier this week, Xi visited Sri Lanka and Maldives, both traditional allies of India who have unnerved New Delhi by growing closer to Beijing.
 
Modi appeared to be unbothered by those visits, alluding Tuesday to ancient Sino-Indian ties dating back to a Chinese Buddhist monk, Xuan Zang, who spent time in Modi's village in Gujarat in 600 AD.
Read: India-China ties under the Mahatma’s shadow
 
In another wrinkle ahead of Xi's trip, India on Monday extended a $100-million export credit for defence deals to Vietnam and tightened energy ties with the country, which has strained ties with China, over an increasingly ugly territorial dispute in the South China Sea.
Besides, the presence in India of Dalai Lama, who Beijing calls a splitist, continues to a source of tension between the two countries. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday. Other Tibetans were held in Gujarat.
 

Islamic State militants ban maths  social studies for childrenIslamic State militants ban maths, social studies for children
PTI
print
Thousands of children in swaths of war-torn Syria, now controlled by dreaded Islamic State militants, can no longer study maths or social studies under new diktats issued by the jihadists.
While sports is banned, the children will not be allowed to learn about elections and democracy. Instead, the children will be subjected to the teachings of the radical Islamist group. And any teacher who dares to break the rules "will be punished." ISIS announced its new educational demands in fliers posted on billboards and on street poles, CNN reported.
The Sunni militant group has captured a slew of Syrian and Iraqi cities in recent months as it tries to establish a caliphate, or Islamic state, spanning Sunni parts of both countries.
In the letter, IS said alternative courses will be added. It also said teachers must erase the phrase Syrian Arab Republic -- the official name of Syria -- and replace it with Islamic State.
Read: US may send ground troops, IS video threatens to kill them
Educators cannot teach nationalistic and ethnic ideology and must instead teach "the belonging to Islam ... and to denounce infidelity and infidels." Books cannot include any reference to evolution. And teachers must say that the laws of physics and chemistry "are due to Allah's rules and laws." The letter ends with a firm warning: "This is an obligatory announcement, and all violators will be punished." 200 Syrians killed in one day.
The brutal advances of ISIS in Syria come as the country grapples with a three-year civil war with no clear victor in sight. The UN estimates more than 190,000 people have died in the violence between Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime and rebels seeking an end to four decades of al-Assad family rule.
In recent weeks, the IS militants killed two American journalists and a British aid worker, prompting world leaders to form joint front to eliminate the newest threat.
The IS group has carried out abuses including beheadings and crucifixions, and faced a backlash from Syrian rebel groups opposed to its violations and harsh interpretation of Islam.

Merely naming distant relatives not enough to make them accused in dowry cases: SCComments
Merely naming the husband’s distant relations is not enough to summon them as accused in dowry cases, the Supreme Court has ruled.
A bench of Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice Adarsh Kumar Goel said courts cannot summon distant relations of a man in dowry cases in absence of any specific role attributed to them and material to support the allegations. Courts have to be careful in such cases, it emphasised.
“Only the husband, his parents or at best close family members may be expected to demand dowry or to harass the wife but not distant relations, unless there is tangible material to support allegations made against such distant relations,” the bench said quashing the charges against distant relations of a woman’s husband in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
The verdict comes barely two-and-a-half-month after the top court put an end to the practice of automatic arrest under the anti-dowry law, expressing concern over the misuse of Section 498A of IPC by “disgruntled wives” against in-laws and husbands. It had asked state governments to ensure that the police didn’t go on an arresting spree -- as was the practice -- in dowry harassment cases.
The attitude to arrest first and then proceed with the rest was "despicable" and must be curbed, it had said, adding police must give reasons and proof to magistrate before making an arrest under Section 498A of IPC, the SC had said in July.
In the instant case, the woman in question had names distant relations of her husband along with her husband and in-laws under Section 406 of IPC (criminal breach of trust) and Section 6 of the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961 after the husband filed a petition for divorce in 2010. Those names in the FIR included the grandson of the brother of her husband’s grandfather and and some others whose names were added in a subsequent complaint without any specific allegations against them.
The Allahabad HC had refused to quash the charges against them. But terming it a clear abuse of process of the court, the SC quashed all charges against the accused – who were all distant relations of the complainant woman.
Concerned over its abuse, the Law Commission and Parliament’s standing committee on home affairs had recommended that offences under Section 498A IPC be made compoundable i.e. husband and wife should be allowed to settle the dispute between themselves.

US Fed to end bond-buying  not to change interest rateComments
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday announced it would end its bond-buying scheme in October, but will leave the interest where it is now, near zero, for “considerable time”.
The Fed will buy $15 billion worth of treasury and mortgage bonds in October, and then may end the scheme, which has been its chief weapon against the economic crisis starting 2008.
But because the economy was nearly not as robust as the Fed would have liked it to be, a decision on interest rate increase has been posted indefinitely in the future.
These announcements were made Wednesday at the end of a two-day meeting of the Fed's top officials.

Dow Ends at Record After Fed Maintains Low RatesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Scotland City of Yes is no pushoverScotland ‘City of Yes’ is no pushover
By Kiran Stacey in Dundee
©PA
A day before Scotland votes on whether to become independent , Dundee looks like it is already holding a victory parade for the Yes campaign.
With hours to go before polls even open, the so-called “City of Yes”, a heartland of Scottish nationalism, is in celebratory mode. But behind the noisy independence campaign, there are plenty of “shy No voters” even here – enough to make Yes supporters distinctly nervous.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Those who have run the independence campaign in Dundee are optimistic for now, predicting a winning margin of about 65 per cent to 35 per cent.
Mike Strachan gave up his job running a pet food shop to take charge of the Yes campaign office in Dundee. He turned it into a “hub” where volunteers, activists and generally interested people can come in, pick up some leaflets, or even a free sweatshirt, and join in the debate.
The sense in the hub is of a ground-level campaign reaching its climax. Mr Strachan says: “Dundee is massively Yes.” Stewart Hosie, the Scottish National party MP, adds: “Dundee is no longer a frightened city, it has refound its confidence under an SNP administration.”
The SNP has a majority on the council here, and has wrested one of the two Westminster seats from Labour.
Around the city centre, the sense of excitement from Yes supporters is palpable. A blue fire engine sits next to a van blasting out “Flower of Scotland” on repeat. Two dogs in Yes vests sit patiently to have their photographs taken by passers-by. At 5pm, activists stage a parade through the centre, which they call the “Sea of Saltires”.
Against this backdrop, it is easy to see why it might be difficult to be a No voter – not least because the official Better Together campaign looks to have virtually deserted the city. Near the Yes office, four students hand out No literature while struggling to be heard over the blare of the loudspeaker being used by “Radicals for Yes”.
The Better Together office, meanwhile, is deserted, and the students appear unsure of who is organising the campaign. A call to the office of Jim McGovern, the local Labour MP who has been at the heart of the city’s No operation, goes unreturned.
But while the No campaign may have taken a quiet step backwards, its supporters are here, even if they are too shy to say so loudly. Michelle Montague, one of the few people brave enough to wear a No sticker in Dundee city centre, says: “Half my friends are No voters, but you see how hard it is. People get shouted at for wearing No stuff – Yes supporters stop them and call them disgusting.”
Every No voter seems to think they are alone. Doug Paul says: “I am a big No – but you won’t find many of us about.” In fact, nearly half of those stopped by the FT feel the same. Mary, a Dundee resident who does not want to give her second name for fear of coming under fire from friends and colleagues, says: “They tell us we can’t be Scottish if we vote No.”
The Better Together campaign believes these “shy No voters”, who may not have told pollsters or campaigners they are likely to vote against independence, will give them a more resounding victory than the polls suggest.
No strategists also say they have received intelligence from inside the Yes campaign suggesting their canvas returns from Dundee show undecided voters are swinging for No by a factor of two to one. Mr Strachan denies this, but warns: “Some people are expecting Dundee to be 80 per cent Yes, but I don’t think it will be as stark as that. I think it is likely to be closer to 65 per cent.”
Bookmakers predict the city will vote more heavily in favour of independence than any other. But if there turn out to be enough quiet No voters to make the Dundee result anything other than a thumping Yes win, the nationalists can write off their chances elsewhere in the country.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

John Kerry Testifies Live on ISIS Threatjohn kerry testifies live on isis threat
House Votes to Arm Syrian Rebelshouse votes to arm syrian rebels
Columns: Buyers should beware on AlibabaColumns: Buyers should beware on Alibaba
States Pitch For Separate FCI To Ensure Fodder SecurityStates Pitch For Separate FCI To Ensure Fodder Security
Amid tensions  Nitin Gadkari meets Maharashtra BJPAmid tensions  Nitin Gadkari meets Maharashtra BJP
SC to decide on legality of online card games in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Brain area makes you crave high-calorie snacksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Diesel price freed de facto  could cut subsidy bill to a thirdE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Video: market jitters rise ahead of Fed meetShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Market anxiety rises ahead of Fed meeting
Sep 16, 2014 : Investors are focused on whether the Federal Reserve will alter its policy statement after meeting this week and hint that rates could rise sooner than expected in 2015. Michael Mackenzie, US markets editor, discusses the stakes with with FT Alphaville US editor Cardiff Garcia.
Credits: Produced by Gregory Bobillot.

Blog: a worried unionists postcard from ScotlandFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Video: Calpers and hedge funds - end of an affairShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Calpers and hedge funds - end of an affair
Sep 16, 2014 : The US's largest public pension fund will no longer invest in hedge funds after 12 years of putting them in its portfolio of assets. Lex's Joseph Cotterill discusses with FT Alphaville's Dan McCrum whether hedge funds should be considered an asset class at all by institutional investors.

Spain warns of Scottish torpedoSpain calls Scottish independence a ‘torpedo’ against Europe
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f399df8-3e62-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US has broad relationship with India: Nisha...China
(Assistant Secretary of…)
WASHINGTON: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit here, a senior Obama administration official today said that the US is not looking for a "transformational initiative" like the civil nuclear deal to dramatically change the face of its broad and comprehensive ties with India.
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal ruled out the kind of direct investment in India announced by countries like Japan and China.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Modi are scheduled to meet at the White House on September 29 and 30.
"There would be a robust agenda" during the visit, Biswal said during a conference call organised by the Asia Society and identified security, defence, trade, technology as some of the key areas of deliberations between the two countries during the Modi-Obama summit.
Responding to questions, Biswal acknowledged that there are "some tough issues" on both sides towards implementing the India-US civilian nuclear deal.
But there is a "strong desire" to work through these issues, she added.
"You will see renewed effort and commitment (from both sides) to work through these issues," Biswal said.
When asked about the massive investment being announced by countries like Japan and China, Biswal said the US is unlikely to do so.
"We certainly do not have the kind of directive economic system that we would bring on the table. Yet on the other hand American investment in India is quite consequential," she asserted.
Biswal said American technology is most cutting edge and most sought after. The Prime Minister is much interested in it.
"I think the US would certainly bring a lot to the relationship, some through the government to government channel. We will have some of the few specific things that we are going to be talking about and watching with respect to the visit," she said.
"It is a broad and comprehensive relationship. We are not at a point where we were saying 15 years ago when we were looking for transformational initiatives that could really define a path forward between our two countries," Biswal said.
"I think, that the civil nuclear deal was a path breaking, transformational initiative when it was launched and it did a great deal in bringing our two societies and our two countries closer and convergence in terms of convergence of our partnership. We are in a large measure there, in terms of what we are doing together," the senior American diplomat said.
Biswal said India and the US would continue to deepen their engagements across the board.
Refuting reports that the US has been slow in embracing Modi, given that top leaders of the world were quick to visit India after the formation of the new Indian Government, Biswal said India-US relationship is not based on competition.
"We very much value that there is a strong interest and desire throughout the world whether it is European leaders or Asian leaders or others who are seeking to engage. A strong India, we think, is in the US interest and the global interest," she said.
Biswal said there is a much better understanding and awareness in both the countries about each other's systems.
"I think that the engagement with the new Prime Minister has been fulsome and has been well appreciated and reciprocated on both side. Both leaders are looking forward to their meetings later this month and to an opportunity to get to know each other and to establish personal and institutional relationship," she said.
"We are feeling very good about the visit and very good about the opportunity," she added.
Describing Asia as important for security of the United States, she said that it is natural for the Obama Administration to continue to rebalance towards Asia.
 
"Within the Asian context, India is going to play an increasingly important role," she said.
"The new Prime Minister has in with a very strong agenda and vision of domestic transformation of India as well as India's deepening role in the region and around the world. We certainly very strong support," she said adding that a string India is in the interest of the US and the world.
Biswal said the US is deeply interested in partnering with India to be part of the domestic transformation which Modi is planning.
India is a centre of innovation and entrepreneurship, she added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Fed to keep rates near zero for a "considerable time"US Fed renews zero interest rate pledge, restates concern on labor market
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 11.45PM IST
US Fed keeps interest rates unchanged at 0.25%
US Fed keeps interest rates unchanged at 0.25%
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving economic data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labor market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
"On balance, labor market conditions improved somewhat further; however, the unemployment rate is little changed ...," the FOMC said in its statement.
Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser dissented on Wednesday.
The Fed also released quarterly economic and interest rate projections from its 17 policymakers, extending out to 2017 for the first time.
They suggested a faster pace of rate hikes than envisioned in the last projections in June.
Page 1 of 2

Phones 4U bondholders seek swaps© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16444764-3e5d-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government to push for amendments to outdated labour lawsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Russia arrests signal new orderYevtushenkov loses favour as new Moscow order emerges
By Courtney Weaver, Jack Farchy and Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/66a2a474-3e7d-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Syrian Kurds eye greater role in Isis fightSyrian Kurds eye greater role in west’s Isis fight
By Erika Solomon in Beirut and Piotr Zalewski in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9fd4418-3cf3-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Analysis: Why Alibaba is so likeableEMAIL
Alibaba founder Jack Ma. (Vincent Yu, AP)
Low prices lure Chinese shoppers to Alibaba’s shopping sites. But it’s also the price of the company’s IPO — due to start trading Friday — that is drawing U.S. investors to the deal.
Shares of Alibaba’s initial public offering are expected to have their price set late Thursday at between $66 and $68 a share. That price is set to be low enough to allow shares to trade higher once regular investors can buy shares Friday, analysts say.
“This IPO is going to pop (higher),” says John Fitzgibbon of IPOScoop.com. “Who knows to where. You throw logic out the window when you’re talking about insanity.”
Investors will soon find out how high this stock can go. As is customary with IPOs, final terms of the Alibaba offering won’t be finalized until the night before the deal.
Most shares will be doled out Thursday to large institutional investors like mutual funds and pension plans. But the price is likely to be appealing, allowing the company to sell a massive 320.1 million shares and raise a record $21.4 billion from a U.S. IPO, analysts say.
“This one is going to trade up,” says Robert Maltbie of Millennium Asset Management. “It’s priced cheaply.”
Investors are bullish on the deal going into the pricing because of:
* Attractive initial pricing. To move the massive amount of stock, the shares are getting an appealing initial price, Maltbie says. Investors are focused on the fact that at $68 a share, the company would be valued at roughly 45 times its earnings in the fiscal year ended in March. That’s well above the 17 P-E on the S&P 500, but below what investors are paying for Facebook.
No. 1 social networking Facebook (FB) , for instance, trades for 82 times its earnings before one-time charges over the past 12 months, says S&P Capital IQ.
* Blistering pace of growth. Alibaba gives investors access to a company that has nearly unbridled access to one of the largest Internet populations in the world. Revenue shot up 52% during Alibaba’s latest fiscal year. That’s more than twice the 22.3% growth of U.S. e-commerce giant Amazon.com (AMZN) during the past 12 months.
* Booming bottom line. It’s not just top-line growth drawing investors. The company kept 54 cents of every dollar of revenue in its latest fiscal year. Even the highly lucrative online advertising company, Google (GOOGL) , can’t compare. Google kept just 20 cents of every dollar of revenue over the past 12 months, S&P Capital IQ says.
If the company is so appealing at the proposed price, why not bump up the price? Alibaba and its underwriters are determined to avoid the fate of Facebook when it pushed its initial price higher and increased the number of shares being sold, only to kill the stock’s action as trading began.
While Facebook shares have since surpassed the $38 a share offering price set in May 2012, they struggled for months and slipped as much as 50% by August 2012.
Chart source: MSN Money
Executive Chairman and founder Jack Ma is selling less than 10% of his stake, so it’s worthwhile for the stock to trade well out of the gate to allow him to sell more meaningful chunks later, Maltbie says.
There certainly are risks. The company’s usual corporate structure — including a holding company based in the Cayman Islands — connected with units in China causes pause. And while Alibaba is priced below Facebook, the 45 P-E ratio at $68 a share makes it more pricey than Google at 31 its earnings the past 12 months.
Still, the fact enough investors are fearful of the deal makes it a good deal at the offering price and until it hits $80 a share, Maltbie says. “Not many people can get their head around this (IPO) and see it as a bargain,” Maltbie says.

FMC allows MCX to launch contracts subject to conditionsFMC allows MCX to launch contracts subject to conditions
Will GST compensation for producing states workE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus come with default kill switch | New OS out on Oct 21Apple iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus come with default kill switch
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 02.16AM IST
New Apple phones include, for the first, a theft deterrent system as a default option that lets users lock their devices & erase the data, if stolen.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: New Apple Inc phones include a theft deterrent system that enables users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen, a victory for regulators who have long pushed the telecommunications industry to do more to stem theft.
The tool, known as a kill switch, will be standard on Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices and can be installed on previous models of iPhones starting Wednesday, according to an announcement from the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
Schneiderman has long fought alongside New York District Attorney George Gascon to convince device manufacturers to include the kill switch as a default setting on their devices.
"This is a game changer," said Gascon. "This is a major development that will change behavior on the street and eventually turn around this violent epidemic."
The announcement marks the first time a kill switch is present as a default option on the iPhone.
In April, Apple was among 10 device makers to sign a voluntary agreement to make the feature available on new smartphones.
In 2012, 1.6 million Americans were victimized for their smartphones, according to Schneiderman's office.

PRECIOUS-Gold prices fall over 1 pct to new 8-month lows after FOMCPRECIOUS-Gold prices fall over 1 pct to new 8-month lows after FOMC
Your iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus questions  answered right hereYour iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus questions  answered right here
Kerala raises water  liquor  tobacco and land taxesKerala raises water  liquor  tobacco and land taxes
US Fed signals plan to keep key rate at record lowComments
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday announced it would end its bond-buying scheme in October, but will leave the interest where it is now, near zero, for “considerable time”.
The Fed will buy $15 billion worth of treasury and mortgage bonds in October, and then may end the scheme, which has been its chief weapon against the economic crisis starting 2008.
But because the economy was nearly not as robust as the Fed would have liked it to be, a decision on interest rate increase has been posted indefinitely in the future.
These announcements were made Wednesday at the end of a two-day meeting of the Fed's top officials.

MacArthur "Genius" Organizes Domestic Workersmacarthur "genius" organizes domestic workers
MoUs with China will enrich ties: ModiMoUs with China will enrich ties: Modi
Economists warn of gamble with poor oddsEconomists warn Scots of ‘gamble with poor odds’
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dfb0360-3e77-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cuesSensex today fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042. (Reuters)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 4:52 pm
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
Selling in metal, IT, oil & gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex today opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday’s data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28. The 244.48-point loss is Sensex’s worst drop since August 8.
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head – Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: “Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week.”
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78 per cent, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
Asian markets retreated Monday after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on last Friday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index (down 0.96 per cent), IT index (down 0.96 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.89 per cent) and FMCG index (0.76 per cent).
On the other hand, BSE Healthcare, Realty, Midcap and Smallcap indices ended higher.

Fed faces considerable time challengeRobin Harding
Robin Harding is the FT's US economics editor, based in Washington. Prior to this, he was based in Tokyo, covering the Bank of Japan and Japan's technology sector, and in London as an economics leader writer. Robin studied economics at Cambridge and has a masters in economics from Hitotsubashi University, where he was a Monbusho scholar. Before joining the FT, Robin worked in asset management and banking.

Photos: Calf born with three eyes in Tamil NaduCrime
Bizarre: Calf born with three eyes
Superstitious Indians are flocking to a village in Tamil Nadu to see a calf that was born with a third eye. The animal has been hailed a blessing since it was born two weeks ago. Watch video
Superstitious Indians are flocking to a village in southern India to see a calf that was born with a third eye. The animal has been hailed a blessing since it was born two weeks ago.

Bipasha and Imran with Kapil in DubaiCelebrity
Best of 'Comedy Nights with Kapil'
The hugely-popular "Comedy Nights With Kapil" has completed 100 episodes and the show's host-producer Kapil Sharma says that initially he was asked to do only 26 episodes.
The comedy show, which went on air in June 2013 on Colors, gives a distinctive take on the everyday life of a common man as the show explores the story of every household and how the show's common man played by Kapil is affected by the simplest issues in life around him.
Actress Bipasha Basu, who has been on a whirlwind promotional spree for her film "Creature 3D", shot with comedy king Kapil Sharma for his special episode in Dubai. She says it was "super fun".
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Wed 17 Sep, 2014 12:30 PM IST

Traders threaten Flipkart  Snapdeal and Amazon with supply cut-off over predatory pricingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

iPhone 6 availability in India delayed till November  price likely Rs 55 000+Apple iPhone 6 availability in India delayed till November, price likely to be Rs 55,000+
Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 07:33  IST
Sep 18 2014, 07:33  IST
 

Investments at the core of Xi Jinping s India agendaInvestments at the core of Xi Jinping s India agenda
IndiGo inks $2.6bn deal with ICBC to fund 30 planesIndiGo inks $2.6bn deal with ICBC to fund 30 planes
Feds rates wording closely watchedShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Fed’s rates wording closely watched
Sep 17, 2014 : US Federal Reserve watchers get hung up on words; if ‘considerable time’ vanishes on Wednesday from the Fed’s assessment of how long rates will stay at zero, bondholders may get a shock. James Mackintosh, investment editor, analyses the impact.

Brown makes final push in No campaignGordon Brown makes final push in No campaign
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and John Aglionby in London
©PA
a person close to the former prime minister said: "Mr Brown has made it clear he is not returning to frontline politics. That position has not changed.”
Gordon Brown delivered an impassioned defence of the UK on Wednesday as the former prime minister called on Scots to reject independence in Thursday’s referendum.
As campaigners from both sides spent the final day ahead of the vote trying to convince the hundreds of thousands of voters who say they are still undecided, Mr Brown urged what he called the silent majority “to be silent no more” and to “let no narrow nationalism split us asunder”.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow,” he told the final Better Together rally in Glasgow. “Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland , the only answer is vote No.
“What sort of message would we send out to the rest of the world, we who pioneered a partnership between nations, if tomorrow we said we’re going to give up on sharing, throw our idea of solidarity into the dust?” he said.
“This is not the Scotland I know.”
The latest opinion poll, commissioned by STV and released late Wednesday afternoon, showed just a 2 percentage point lead for the No camp, putting it on 51 per cent among the voters who have decided, with the “Don’t knows” at 5 per cent. The poll by Ipsos-Mori represents a 7 percentage point gain in support for the Yes camp since its last poll in early August.
The latest polls suggest an even narrower lead for the pro-union campaign than the results of three opinion polls on Tuesday night. Among those who have decided, the No camp was 4 percentage points ahead in all three polls, but the Yes side has gained ground. They also showed that between 6 per cent and 14 per cent of the 4.3m eligible voters have yet to make up their minds.
Financial markets analysts said traders were pricing in only a small chance of a Yes vote. “Not a single one of our clients is preparing for a Scottish exit,” said Valentin Marinov, strategist at Citigroup.
The pound was little changed on Wednesday, up 0.2 per cent at $1.6309 in early evening trading.
Both sides are predicting a high turnout. Mary Pitcaithly, the chief counting officer, told the BBC on Wednesday that about 80 per cent of the 790,000 postal votes had been returned.
Alistair Darling, leader of the No campaign, told the Glasgow rally that Scots who wanted certainty should vote No.
“If you have such a momentous decision to take, you need to have certainty. And what is very clear at the end of this long campaign is that from the nationalist side there is no certainty at all.”
The pro-independence campaign holds its final rally in Perth on Wednesday evening, but in the morning dozens of Yes campaigners, brandishing Saltire flags and blue and white balloons, lined the steps outside the Royal Concert Hall in the centre of Glasgow. They were addressed by comedian and Yes campaigner Elaine C Smith.
“Yes, yes, yes,” chanted the mixed-aged crowd, some of whom had been invited to take part in the rally by text as little as a couple of hours beforehand.
“I’ve never seen Glasgow like this,” said Ricky Ross, the Deacon Blue singer. “There’s an excitement about [music] gigs, but this is different because everyone’s involved.”
“It’s electric,” was how Nicholas Stewart, a 37-year-old train driver from Coatbridge, described the atmosphere in Glasgow in recent days.
Around the corner, the No campaign had set up a modest stall on a less fashionable stretch of Sauchiehall Street.
The volunteers tended to be older – and meeker – than their Yes counterparts. Passers-by tended to shun the fliers, although many gave brief words of support or at least a nod and a smile.
Alex Salmond, head of the Yes campaign, was confident of success. “The central mistake that the No campaign has made is to tell the people of Scotland that the land of Adam Smith is not capable of running its own matter financially,” he told the BBC.
He dismissed the new powers offered by Westminster political leaders as “the same package that was offered last spring and was repackaged in desperation”.
Asked what currency an independent Scotland would use, Mr Salmond said it would be the pound. If the Yes side won, “you would find Westminster politicians singing a very different tune” about the terms of a currency agreement to their current opposition, he said.
Earlier, Prime Minister David Cameron told the Times that while the tightness of the race was keeping him awake at night, he had no regrets over how he had handled the referendum and had been right not to offer a third choice on the ballot paper of further devolution.
In depth

UK s fate hangs on a divided Scotland | Three polls show slight lead for  NoOn eve of secession vote, UK's fate hangs on a divided Scotland
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.18AM IST
0
Share More
The surveys also showed as many as 600,000 voters remained undecided with just hours to go before polling stations open on Thursday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: On the eve of Scotland's independence referendum, the fate of the United Kingdom rests on hundreds of thousands of wavering Scottish voters as opinion polls showed supporters of the 307-year union just a whisker ahead of secessionists.
In an intense final day of campaigning, leaders of both sides beseeched Scots to seize the reins of history in a vote that has divided families, friends and lovers but also electrified this country of 5.3 million.
From the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the toughest city estates of Glasgow, voters will be asked on Thursday to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
Four surveys - from pollsters Panelbase, Survation, Opinium and ICM - showed support for independence at 48 percent compared with 52 percent for the union, while a fifth, from Ipsos MORI, showed it even closer on 49 to 51 percent.
The surveys also showed as many as 600,000 voters remained undecided with just hours to go before polling stations open at 0600 GMT on Thursday.
"Don't let this opportunity slip through our fingers. Don't let them tell us we can't. Let's do this," Alex Salmond, Scotland's 59-year-old nationalist leader, said in an open letter to voters as he crisscrossed Scotland.
Invoking 18th-century economist Adam Smith and Scotland's greatest poet Robert Burns, Salmond implored Scots: "Wake up on Friday morning to the first day of a better country."
With a mix of shrewd calculation and nationalist passion, Salmond has hauled the "Yes" campaign from far behind to within a few percentage points of winning his dream of an independent Scotland.
Facing the biggest internal threat to the United Kingdom since Ireland broke away nearly a century ago, Britain's establishment - from Prime Minister David Cameron to corporate bigwigs and pop-culture celebrities - have united in a last-ditch effort to convince Scots that the United Kingdom is "Better Together".
Cameron's job could be on the line if Scotland breaks away, but the 47-year-old prime minister has conceded that his privileged English background and Conservative politics mean he isn't the best person to win over Scots.
That has left the leadership of the unionist case in the hands of the opposition Labour party, winner of 41 Scottish seats in the 2010 British election and the only party with the local support capable of checking the secessionist Scottish National Party.
Former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown, a Scot who has in recent days led the battle cry for the union, warned Scots in Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city and a crucial battleground, that Salmond was "leading us into a trap".
"Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow," Brown thundered, fists clenched, to applause and cheers from unionist supporters. "Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland, the only answer is vote 'No'."
Page 1 of 3

Apple iOS 8 Software Bug Affects Health AppsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

If Adityanath spoke in Bihar like he did in UP  we would have contradicted him: SushilModiThe former deputy CM Sushil Modi said that the state unit of the party had “not co-opted” the Adityanath-type hardliners. (Source: PTI)
Written by Vandita Mishra | Patna | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:52 am
AS the BJP in Uttar Pradesh faces up to its bypoll setback after a polarising campaign that elevated “love jihad” to a central theme and promoted Yogi Adityanath to the status of star campaigner, the party is affirming a significantly separate course in neighbouring Bihar, a state also crucial to its Lok Sabha victory.
Speaking to The Indian Express, senior Bihar BJP leader and former deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi reiterated the party line on “love jihad” but nuanced it — distancing the state unit from the Yogi Adityanath-style of rhetoric and promising to give “a good number” of tickets to Muslims in next year’s Assembly elections.
The BJP, said Modi, is opposed to inter-religious marriages that involve “forced conversion and emotional blackmail” and will oppose all
cases where it sees an “organised effort”. In many places, “now a design is visible”, he said, mentioning Kerala, Karnataka and UP.
But, “I am not in favour of using the term love jihad” and Yogi Adityanath is “not the face of the BJP”, only “one of its 40 star campaigners” for the UP bypolls, said Modi. If the Yogi had made in Bihar the kind of controversial statements he made in UP, “we would have contradicted him”, he said. “There is no Adityanath in Bihar”, said Modi, adding that the state unit of the party had “not co-opted” the Adityanath-type hardliners.
Adityanath was “reprimanded” and “cautioned” by the Election Commission last week for speeches that invoked religion and allegedly violated the model code of conduct.
At one level, Sushil Modi is articulating a well-known political fact. The BJP in Bihar has mostly been seen to be characterised by a tone and tenor that is different from the party in other states. By all accounts, it is less attracted to the polarising themes and “communal” issues that so often become its political-electoral staple elsewhere, especially in UP.
The NDA government, in which the BJP shared power with Nitish Kumar’s JD (U), aggressively courted a “secular” image — giving a grant of Rs 50,000 to intercaste and inter-religious marriages, for instance. But Modi’s reiteration of this distinctiveness now is significant.
It comes at a time when the party’s hardline campaign in UP appears to have backfired electorally. It could be read as an assertion of the moderate voice within a party that, ever since the Lok Sabha polls, has again invited the charge of speaking in two languages — talking development at the Centre and stirring up anxieties between communities in UP.
“Though Muslims may not vote for the BJP in Bihar, no one can say that the Bihar BJP is anti-Muslim”, said Modi. “Muslims don’t hate the BJP in Bihar. We will not raise any issues that can be called communal”. Keeping its focus on development and law and order issues, the BJP has created a “balanced image” continued…

Building on Atal  Modi to move on China bordertalksPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan at the Sabarmati river front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:03 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:01 am
Invoking former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee’s visit to China in 2003, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to convey to Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday his government’s decision to continue with the Special Representatives’ talks on the border dispute .
Top government sources told The Indian Express that the decision to appoint a new Special Representative (SR) from the Indian side has been taken and may be announced “soon”. Significantly, the Chinese Special Representative on border talks , State Councillor Yang Jiechi, is accompanying Xi on his visit. With 17 rounds of border talks having been held since 2003, the approval of the SR mechanism is seen as a significant step forward.
While there was no official word about Modi and Xi’s 22-minute meeting at Hyatt in Ahmedabad and their conversation over dinner at the Sabarmati riverfront, sources said the effort from both sides was to seize the “once-in-a-decade” opportunity of a Chinese President’s visit to give renewed thrust to border negotiations. This is only the third presidential visit in the last three decades — after Hu Jintao in 2006 and Jiang Zemin in 1996.
To keep the atmosphere warm and conducive for “constructive” talks, South Block sources said the joint statement would not mention the “One-India” policy raised by India’s political leadership publicly in the last few weeks. In June, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised this issue with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. During her media interaction earlier this month, she said, “When China’s Foreign Minister was here, he was told, ‘If we believe in One China policy, you should also believe in One India policy’.”
Any such mention would have also meant reciprocity — a reference to One China policy, which was first dropped from a joint statement in 2010 during Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao’s visit to New Delhi.
Modi’s reiteration of the commitment to continuing with the SR-level talks is significant since it was during Vajpayee’s China visit in June 2003 that a Declaration on Principles for Relations and Comprehensive Cooperation was signed. That was the first comprehensive document on development of bilateral relations signed at the highest level between India and China.
The two sides had also agreed on a border trade protocol to add a border crossing between Sikkim and Tibet Autonomous Region — then seen as China’s official recognition of Sikkim as a part of India. It was during this meeting that SRs were appointed to explore an overall framework for boundary settlement.
In the joint statement, according to sources, the two sides are expected to express satisfaction over the work done so far by the SRs on the boundary issue continued…

Indias black money proposals unreasonable: Australia at G-20Banks
(Proposals are not likely…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India's initiative on the retrospective sharing of information by banks to elicit information about black money at the G-20 meeting later this week is not likely to make much progress with Australia's federal treasurer Joe Hockey saying it may be difficult and costly. Hockey is hosting G-20 finance ministers at Cairns, described as the gateway to Queensland's tropical north.
In an interaction with some reporters ahead of the meeting over the weekend, Hockey said, "Emerging market economies are actually more resilient now. A number of them are in better shape that they were after the financial crisis as many of them have taken measures." He said they would be able to withstand any volatility caused by monetary tightening in the US.
Mexico has taken measures, as has Asia, and that gives them capacity to cope with greater volatility in currencies, he said, adding that another measure of comfort is that the US Federal Reserve is aware of the consequences of its actions for emerging economies. "We talked about this at the meeting in Sydney. (Fed chairman) Janet Yellen has assured emerging market economies that the US Federal Reserve would be mindful of the impact of decisions on emerging markets as they continue with tapering and go to the point of increasing interest rates," he said.
Yellen will attend the G-20 meeting and will directly brief the world's economic powers of its thinking. "I think it is very significant that the chairman is coming to Australia after her meeting and will be able to address the G-20 about any change of policy or decision of monetary adjustment made by the Fed Reserve," Hockey said.
India is keen to get G-20 backing for its demand for retrospective sharing of information on bank accounts to bring pressure on Switzerland that has stalled New Delhi's attempts to unearth black money stashed in secretive Swiss banks. "Retrospective reporting is a big systemic change as banks are in different jurisdictions," Hockey said. "So (it's) very hard to have information prepared in format on a retrospective basis. I think it is unreasonable to have retrospective requirement," Hockey said.
He also strongly denounced protectionist measures, calling them the collective enemy of humanity. "Trade ministers have discussed this twice this year. Let me emphatically say that free trade is the best friend poverty alleviation has. Protectionism is the friend of poverty," Hockey said, citing opening up in China. He added that free movement of professionals was a part of trade liberalisation and Australia would like to have greater access to markets including India for a range of different services.
"Most of the work I suspect will have to come from bilateral agreements rather than multilateral but I live in hope that multilateral agreements can deliver that outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FMC s conditional okay to MCX for contracts till MarchFMC s conditional okay to MCX for contracts till March
Monsoon likely to retreat from Rajasthan by weekend: IMDMonsoon likely to retreat from Rajasthan by weekend: IMD
India ranks 6th in billionaire numbersIndia ranks 6th in billionaire numbers
Federal Reserve signals faster but still slow path for rate risesFederal Reserve signals faster but still slow path for rate rises
Economists warn of gambleEconomists warn Scots of ‘gamble with poor odds’
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dfb0360-3e77-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rate-recoil prompts another EM sell-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8b4e03c-3d9f-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Block traders prefer the human touchBlock traders prefer the human touch
By Philip Stafford in London, Jeremy Grant in Singapore and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44841008-3cf7-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

2014 MacARTHUR GENIUS GRANT: For groundbreaking Fun Home cartoonist Alison Bechdel  the latest twist in her really crazy yearComic panels by Alison Bechdel (courtesy of the artist).
 
SITTING IN ITALY, basking in the peaceful and rejuvenating world of an artist’s retreat in Umbria, Alison Bechdel was tempted not to acknowledge the call. “I actually didn’t want to pick up the phone,” Bechdel tells The Post’s Comic Riffs this morning from Italy, of the ring that came three weeks ago from Chicago. “I didn’t want to call back and pay for the long-distance call.
“Although now,” Bechdel jokes, “I think I can afford it.”
That’s because the call was from the MacArthur Foundation, which was tracking down Bechdel in Europe to bestow upon her one of its “genius” grants — an honor that comes with a check for $625,000.
On Wednesday, the foundation announced Bechdel and 20 other leading thinkers as recipients of its 2014 grants. Bechdel — the Eisner-winning creator of the graphic novel “Fun Home” — is believed to be the first woman cartoonist to receive the honor.
“I’m so lucky to get to be at an artist’s retreat” when the call came, Bechdel tells Comic Riffs. “Being here sort of prepared me in a way. If I had been just sitting at home in [Bolton] Vermont and gotten the call from the MacArthur Foundation, I might have just died.” (Upon receiving the news, the grant recipients are virtually sworn to secrecy until announcement day about three weeks later.)
“But being here,” continues Bechdel, speaking from Civitella Ranieri, where she is enjoying a six-week fellowship largely devoted to creating large charcoal drawings, “I built up some stamina and some sense of myself as an artist.”
For Bechdel, her entire whirlwind year seems to be supporting her life and career as an artist. In April, the musical adaptation of “Fun Home” — her best-selling 2006 graphic memoir (subtitled “A Family Tragicomic”) about sexual orientation and fraught family ties — was named a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Drama.
“Of course, I have no critical distance since it’s based on not just my book, but my life,” Bechdel told Comic Riffs in April of the Jeanine Tesori (music)/Lisa Kron (book and lyrics) production that ended a Public Theater run in January, and received nine Lucille Lortel Award nominations. “But I think it’s a freakishly good play. Maybe even a perfect play.” The Pulitzer jury called the production “a poignant musical adaptation.”
Bechdel — who writes of growing up in rural Pennsylvania as a lesbian with a closeted father — is also creator of the long-running comic strip “Dykes to Watch Out For” (1983-2008) and the 2012 graphic novel “Are You My Mother? A Comic Drama.”
Also early this year, Bechdel spoke in Charleston, S.C., and attended two special performances of “Fun Home” — just months after the Public Theater show closed in New York, performers reconvened from across the country — to support the College of Charleston in response to controversial budget cuts, which came because the institution was teaching “Fun Home” to incoming freshmen.
“What a year — it’s been really crazy,” Bechdel tells Comic Riffs. “I’m struggling to keep up with myself, and keep my feet on the ground. The play has been an amazing experience … from this censorship happening in South Carolina, and it was exciting to see the [special] performances.”
ALISON BECHDEL AT WORK. (courtesy of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation)
 
Now, at age 54, Bechdel feels as though she fully, finally perceives of herself as an artist of a certain achievement. “I’m starting to learn to think of myself as the older generation,” Bechdel says. “I just finally got a purchase on things.
“I’m finally figuring out what I’m doing, and sort of feeling like now, I have to start taking a responsibility,” continues Bechdel about her higher-profile role as a comics-maker and an artist so associated with certain themes and ideas — including “the Bechdel test,” a three-step litmus test that gauges gender representation and roles in film.
The 1985 Alison Bechdel comic that spawned “the Bechdel test” for gender representation in film. (courtesy of the artist)
 
Of an artistic path that has surprised her so far, Bechdel speaks figuratively as well as geographically: “Vermont is a long way from Pennsylvania, and Italy is a long way from Vermont.”
And of the MacArthur, Bechdel tells Comic Riffs: “It’s a huge honor to receive this as a cartoonist. I know Ben Katchor has won it” — he was the first graphic novelist to do so, in 2000 — “and I hope I can live up to it.”
On its website, the MacArthur Foundation writes of her gifts as a graphic novelist: “With storytelling that is striking for its conceptual depth and complexity in structure as well as for the deft use of allusion and reference, Bechdel is changing our notions of the contemporary memoir and expanding the expressive potential of the graphic form.”
So now, how might this groundbreaking memoirist spend some of this huge infusion of MacArthur cash — a stipend spread out over five years?
“I might buy a large-format scanner,” Bechdel says with a laugh. “I’ve never spent the money on a larger one, so I’ve always done my drawings to fit on a tiny, legal-size scanner. So this is definitely awesome.”
 
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Sister Says Trooper Slay Suspect  Not a Psychosister says trooper slay suspect  not a psycho
US homebuilders gain on results boostUS homebuilders lead S&P 500 on results boost
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6b0eaae-3e7e-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gas price panel discussion today  $6-7 per unitlikelyPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:16 am
Anticipation on the revised gas pricing policy is building with oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan, expected to discuss the report submitted by the panel of secretaries with officials on Thursday.
Thereafter, the ministry’s final recommendation will be forwarded to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi- headed Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) for approval, a senior ministry official said.
The panel of secretaries constituted in August to look at the much-touted gas pricing formula submitted its report on Tuesday evening. Petroleum ministry officials, however, are tight-lipped on the recommendations as they await Pradhan’s return from his four-day visit to Vietnam.
Revising gas prices — from the current $4.2 per million British thermal units — has serious repercussions for the economy as a whole and, therefore, warrants careful deliberations. If gas prices are increased by $1/mmBtu, the per-tonne increase in the production cost of urea will be Rs 1,369.50. Similarly, electricity tariffs are estimated to go up by 50-60 paise.
The four-member secretaries’ panel comprised power secretary P K Sinha, expenditure secretary Ratan P Watal, fertiliser secretary JK Mohapatra and additional secretary in the petroleum ministry Rajive Kumar.     FE

Easy Rider s chopper is up for auctionEasy Rider's chopper is up for auction
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney September 17, 2014: 5:12 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The famous "Captain America" chopper Peter Fonda rode in the classic film Easy Rider is once again hitting the auction block.
Michael Eisenberg, a Los Angeles developer and memorabilia collector who's had the bike for a year, hopes to raise $1 million when he puts it up for sale on Oct. 18.
The bike is the only survivor of four motorcycles: Two custom Harleys used by Dennis Hopper's character and two Captain Americas used by Fonda in the 1969 classic. A biker gang stole all of them except one Captain America bike, which only survived because it was destroyed in the film's final scene, burning next to a levee as the camera panned away.
Related: Vintage Ferrari sells for record-breaking $38 million
Fonda gifted the scraps to Dan Haggerty, who kept the motorcycles running during Easy Rider's filming. Haggerty restored the motorcycle and kept it.
He sold it in 2002 to John Parham, president of the National Motorcycle Museum in Anamosa, Iowa, where it was a big draw for more than a decade before Eisenberg bought it from him in January for an undisclosed sum.
Related: Criminal's muscle car collection goes for $2.5 million at auction
While Eisenberg had the bike, he kept it in a warehouse behind a set of stanchions -- at one point in a giant bubble. Occasionally he rode the bike, with its long unwieldy front fork and missing front brakes, onto public streets.
"If you want to make a turn you have to make reservation in advance," he said.
Then he decided he wasn't the best steward for it, and now he's selling it.
Related: Original Superman comic sells for record $3.2 million
Eisenberg will also be donating a percentage of the proceeds to the American Humane Association, which is the group behind those "no animals were harmed" disclosures at the end of movies.
Robin Ganzert, the AHA's president and CEO, said Haggerty called about a month ago to drop the news, though he didn't tell her how much would be coming their way. She said the group was a favorite charity of Peter Fonda and that his father Henry was a big part of it.
Joe Maddalena, CEO of the auction house running the sale, Profiles in History, said he and Eisenberg valued the bike based on a couple of other high-profile bike auctions: a landspeed record-holding Vincent that sold in 2011 for $1 million and a custom Harley that sold for $800,000 in 2006. Profiles in history will get a 20% premium on top of the final selling price.
Since they figure Captain America is just a bit more famous than that pair, they think they can get more.
"It represents a generation," Eisenberg said. "It represents freedom."
First Published: September 17, 2014: 4:23 PM ET
Most Popular

Shashank Srivastava  Maruti veteran  likely to fill Pareek s shoesShashank Srivastava  Maruti veteran  likely to fill Pareek s shoes
Non-metro cities help Emirates gain altitudeNon-metro cities help Emirates gain altitude
Natco Pharma  Orchid Chemicals get a strong dose of US FDAmedicineThe USFDA had inspected Orchid’s manufacturing unit located in Waluj in Maharashtra in late April 2014.
Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:35 am
Natco Pharma and Orchid Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals have received an adverse observation report, commonly known as Form 483, after inspections conducted in their manufacturing units earlier this year by the US Food and Drug Administration, according to documents reviewed by FE.
Natco, which was in news for battling Teva Pharmaceutical Industries over the patent of the latter’s multiple sclerosis drug Copaxone, was issued the Form 483 dated May 23 after a five-day inspection of its finished dosage facility located in Mahabubnagar district in Telangana.
Click here for graph
The regulator has made six observations, all of which pertain to quality control standards.
“There are no written procedures for production and process controls designed to assure that the drug products have the identity, strength, quality and purity they purport or are represented to possess,” USFDA investigator Luis Dasta wrote.
The report, addressed to BR Reddy, director (operations), pharma division, Natco, adds that the quality control unit “lacks responsibility to approve or reject procedures or specifications”that impact quality and purity of drugs.
The Mahabubnagar facility manufactures around 1,500 million tablets and capsules and 45 million tonnes of pellets annually, and employs 600 people, according to Natco’s website. Natco did not respond to queries seeking comment.
The USFDA inspected Orchid’s manufacturing unit located in Waluj in Maharashtra in late April 2014. The regulator issued seven observations in its report where they raised issues with the company’s quality system.
The inspection report, signed by USFDA inspectors Kham Phommschanh and Paul Bonneau, says “test procedures are not scientifically sound and appropriate to ensure that raw materials, intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) conform to established standards of quality and purity”.
The report, dated April 25 and addressed to Orchid’s executive vice-president of manufacturing, PN Deshpande, gives an example of a technician whose process of disinfecting the hand “may possibly resulted in false negative findings”.
“Equipment cleaning/-sanitation study does not address microbiological and endotoxin contamination for those processes where there is a need to reduce total microbiological count or endotoxins in the API, or other processes where such contamination could be of concern (example: non-sterile APIs used to manufacture sterile products),” the investigators wrote.
US based injectable drugmaker Hospira bought Orchid’s generic injectable pharmaceuticals business in December 2009 for $400 million and its API and research and development facilities in August 2012 for $218 million, according to Bloomberg.
“The Form 483 observations have been responded to appropriately. The Aurangabad plant is part of the Business Transfer Agreement (BTA) with Hospira and has been transferred to them. The BTA was entered into in August 2012 and the transaction was completed in early July 2014, for which the cash consideration was also received,” an Orchid spokesperson said in an emailed statement.
India is an important market for the US regulator as it accounted for continued…

CM under fire in his PIL  Himachal takes back Prashant Bhushans societylandThe order comes amid proceedings in a PIL filed by Bhushan in the Delhi HC against CM Virbhadra Singh alleging money laundering. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:33 am
In a setback for Supreme Court lawyer and activist Prashant Bhushan, the Himachal Pradesh government on Wednesday obtained control of 4.66 hectares of land belonging to the Kumud Bhushan Education Society (KBES), which is promoted by the Bhushan family, in a tea garden in Palampur.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Kangra Deputy Commissioner C Paulrasu, who issued the order, said, “The proceedings against the society were initiated by one of my predecessors in 2012. I gave the society’s promoters fair opportunity to defend themselves, but they failed. So today, I have ordered vesting of the land, including buildings existing at the site, in the government… mainly due to no activity towards the purpose for which the land was obtained by the society.”
When contacted, Bhushan, who is secretary of KBES, said, “It is apparent that the Deputy Commissioner is acting under instructions from the Chief Minister who is facing serious charges.”
The KBES said the order was biased and illegal. “It is shocking that the oral order was passed by the Deputy Commissioner on a day when the state government was to file objections to the submissions made by us. That the order was passed in the absence of any written objections clearly shows that the entire proceedings were farcical. The Deputy Commissioner passed the order at the behest of the CM. We will appeal against the order in a court of appropriate jurisdiction,” said KBES spokesperson Himanshu Kumar.
The order comes amid proceedings in a PIL filed by Bhushan in the Delhi High Court against Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh alleging money laundering and irregularities in his Income Tax returns. The case is listed for hearing on September 24. In his affidavit in the high court, the CM had alleged that Bhushan was targeting him as the state government had ordered a probe into alleged violations by him (Bhushan) — with regard to land procurement — during the previous BJP regime.
Sources said Bhushan had first approached the then Congress government in 2006, seeking permission to buy the Palampur land to set up a school to be run by the society named after his mother. Permission was finally granted by the previous BJP government led by Prem Kumar Dhumal in 2010, but with a rider that it should be utilised for an educational institute within two years.
The land has been under the scanner for alleged violations of the HP Tenancy and Land Reforms Act 1972, which pertains to non-utilisation for its desired purpose. The Kangra district administration issued a notice to Bhushan on February 12, 2012, in this connection.
“The order vindicates the Congress’s stand on irregularities committed by the earlier BJP government and favours being shown to Bhushan,” said Congress leader and Urban Development Minister Sudhir Sharma.
— With inputs from ENS Delhi.

Investments at the core of Xi Jinpings IndiaagendaPM Narendra Modi offers an umbrella to Chinese President Xi Jinping on the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (AP)
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:27 am
India and China, together more than 17% of the global economy and poised to dramatically increase that share over the next few decades by growing much faster than the stuttering western giants, on Wednesday reaffirmed their commitment to bolster and diversify their economic ties. On a day China’s president Xi Jinping, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, arrived in Ahmedabad and was received with warmth and a bouquet of lilies by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his 64th birthday, a flurry of economic deals between the two countries began, eclipsing their long-standing border dispute, at least temporarily.
The dominant theme of Xi’s three-day visit to the southern neighbour is a pledge to raise China’s investment in Indian infrastructure and manufacturing manifold from the current abysmal levels (a paltry $410 million since April 2000) to tens of billions of dollars in a rather short span of time.
The bulk of this money would likely go to improving India’s creeping railway infrastructure and building roads and seaports in the country, which is facing a huge infrastructure deficit and teething problems with its public-private partnership (PPP) model for key infrastructure projects, particularly in the wake of a rather prolonged economic slowdown.
Before departing for India, Xi highlighted how the “world’s factory” (China) and the “world’s back office” (India) would together drive global economic growth by creating new consumer markets. He was referring to the potentially wholesome communion of China’s robust manufacturing sector and India’s software and scientific skills.
On Wednesday, the two sides signed a $6.8-billion agreement to set up two industrial parks in Gujarat, Modi’s home state. Separately, India’s low-cost airline IndiGo signed a $2.6-billion deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China for the latter to finance the acquisition of more than 30 new aircraft, even as in New Delhi $3.4 billion worth of agreements were signed between Chinese and Indian firms.
Indian and Chinese economies differ much in size (China’s economy is five times India’s in terms of nominal GDP and more than twice as large on a purchasing power parity basis), and composition (except for refined petroleum products, there are few things in common between the two countries’ top 25 export products and services exports are much more crucial for the Indian economy than China’s).
But given that China is facing a constraint in sustaining its largely export-led growth and its capital investments abroad doesn’t measure up to its enviable share of world trade and India is direly in need of capital in its infrastructure sector, new areas of synergies have emerged between the two countries, analysts say.
On Wednesday, Beijing inked MoUs with Gujarat for establishing sister-province relations with Guangdong, China’s most industrialised province, and sister-city relation between Ahmedabad and Guangzhou. This will continued…

Prix Gmeaux: la transformation du look de Claude Robinson en vidoPrix Gémeaux: la transformation du look de Claude Robinson en vidéo
Le Huffington Post Québec
reddit
Claude Robinson, qui recevait dimanche soir le Grand prix de l’Académie à l'occasion du 29e Gala des Prix Gémeaux, s'est présenté avec un nouveau look remarqué. Et c'est l'équipe d'En mode Salvail qui était derrière ce «relooking».
«C’est fin. Ils m’ont retravaillé un petit peu. C’était un gros défi. Plus tôt, j’avais l’air de Chewbacca (rires). Moi, des artistes qui veulent s’exprimer, je n’ai pas de problème avec ça. Tu veux faire quelque chose? Vas-y, je vais te servir de canevas! (rires)» - Claude Robinson
Voyez toutes les étapes de la transformations dans la vidéo ci-dessus!
À LIRE AUSSI:

25 faons de manger mieux. Choisissez-en une - Katie Morfordreddit
Il est toujours possible de mieux manger. Je repense toujours ma manière de prendre soin de moi, qu'il s'agisse de faire de l'exercice ou d'améliorer ma diète. Il s'agit de petits changements sur la longue durée. Dans cette optique, voici 25 idées pour augmenter le taux de nutriments, réduire les calories, manger mieux, ou tout ça à la fois.
Choisissez-en une. Ou trouvez la vôtre. Si c'est le cas, je serais heureuse de connaître vos trouvailles.
Ajoutez des légumes au petit-déjeuner. Mettez des épinards dans vos smoothies, des restes de légumes dans vos omelettes ou de l'avocat dans vos bagels.
Laissez tomber les cafés caloriques. Considérez la différence entre un grand mocha Starbucks à 620 calories et 27 grammes de gras et un petit cappuccino au lait écrémé pour 90 calories et 1,5 gramme de gras saturé.
Changez vos en-cas. Mangez des aliments riches en nutriments plutôt que des ingrédients traités. Un sachet de noix vous nourrira plus qu'un paquet de chips.
Si vous mangez des sucreries, préférez les petites portions. Une petite portion peut réellement faire l'effort: deux carrés de chocolat, une cuillerée de yaourt gelé à la vanille, ou un cupcake miniature.
Partagez les repas avec un compagnon de tablée ou gardez-em pour le lendemain.Les repas des restaurants dépassent très souvent le taux indiqué de calories. Par exemple, les pâtes aux crevettes de la Cheesecake factory font 2300 calories.
Passez-vous des sodas et autres boissons sucrées. Vous serez surpris d'apprendre combien de sucre est ajouté aux thés glacés, jus et boissons énergétiques. Optez pour l'eau
Choisissez des coupes de viande plus maigres. La viande que vous mangez peut avoir un impact significatif sur votre taux de gras et de calories.
Fermez la cuisine après le souper pour éviter de grignoter durant la soirée.
Allez moins souvent au bar. Les calories dans la bière, le vin et les liqueurs s'accumulent rapidement.
Préparez vos repas plutôt que des les acheter tous préparés. Les repas faits maison sont moins chers et permettent de contrôler les ingrédients.
Au restaurant, optez pour les légumes en accompagnement..
En matière de volailles et de viande, préférez la qualité à la quantité. Le poulet élevé en extérieur et le bœuf nourri à l'herbe sont chers, certes, mais bien meilleurs pour vous!
Diversifiez votre répertoire de fruits et légumes. Une grande variété de fruits et légumes est la clé pour un maximum de vitamines et minéraux.
Favorisez des ingrédients riches en oméga-3 tels que les noisettes, les graines de lin, les graines de chia, le saumon et les sardines. Nous sommes nombreux à ne pas avoir assez de ces gras sains.
Cuisinez plus souvent; mangez moins au restaurant. Vous mangerez mieux et plus léger.
Essayez la farine de blé entier.
Soyez plus aventureux en matière de haricots. Ils sont bon marché, nourrissants et délicieux, des lentilles rouges aux pois chiches en passant par les haricots pinto.
Essayez de remplir la moitié de votre assiette avec des fruits et légumes.
Atténuez votre beurre d'arachide. Si votre beurre d'arachide contient du sucre ajouté et des graisses, prenez-en un qui contient autre chose que juste du beurre de peanut et du sel.
Respectez votre compteur de faim. Mangez quand vous avez faim. Arrêtez de manger quand vous êtes rassasié.
Remplacez les grains modifiés par des grains entiers. Le riz brun, le pain complet, les tortillas au blé complet, le farro, le quinoa,  etc., augmenteront le taux de fibres et autres nutriments dans votre régime.
Pour la nourriture manufacturée, n'allez jamais au-delà de quatre ou cinq ingrédients.
Mettez plus de légumes dans les soupes, potages et sauces. Les oignons découpés, l'ail, la verdure, les carottes, les champignons et autres légumes peuvent convenir à tellement de plats.
Soyez réfléchie(e) en matière de fruits de mer. Apprenez quelles espèces sont durables et ne sont pas affectées par les polluants environnementaux. Seafood Watch est un excellent guide.
Essayez les pâtes au blé entier..
Pour plus de conseils de Katie, rendez-vous sur son blogue, Mom's Kitchen Handbook, où vous trouverez des recettes et des astuces pour nourrir votre famille. Vous pouvez aussi la suivre sur Instagram sur @KatieMorford ou sur Google+ .
À voir aussi sur Le HuffPost:
Close
Les 10 ingrédients santé et abordables selon les Diététistes du Canada
sur

Prix Gmeaux 2014: Ren Simard apparat chic en robe (TWITTER/PHOTOS)Prix Gémeaux 2014: René Simard apparaît chic en robe (TWITTER/PHOTOS)
Le Huffington Post Québec
reddit
Heureusement que le ridicule ne tue pas. René Simard ne serait peut-être plus le même à l’heure qu’il est.
Dans son numéro d’ouverture, dimanche soir lors de la 29e cérémonie des Prix Gémeaux, l’animateur n’a pas eu peur d’enfiler une jolie robe mauve pour donner le coup d’envoi à la grande fête de la télévision québécoise. Certains ont aimé, d’autres ont éprouvé un malaise, mais tous ont été conquis par le numéro.
Voici quelques photos et réactions tirées de Twitter :
Close
René Simard porte une robe
sur

29e Gala des Prix Gmeaux : les potins du tapis rouge (PHOTOS)29e Gala des Prix Gémeaux: les potins du tapis rouge (PHOTOS)
Le Huffington Post Québec  | Par Marie-Josée Roy
Publication:
reddit
Le hall d’entrée de la Place des Arts brillait de mille feux dimanche soir, quelques minutes avant le début du 29e Gala des Prix Gémeaux. Sur le tapis rouge déroulé spécialement pour eux, les artistes ont posé pour les photographes, large sourire aux lèvres, et se sont gentiment entretenu avec les journalistes. Voici quelques extraits des conversations du Huffington Post Québec avec les vedettes du petit écran.
D’abord, un mot sur les duos qui ont attiré l’attention. Éric Bruneau (en nomination pour son rôle dans Mensonges) et Kim Lizotte, main dans la main,  sont passés en coup de vent devant les représentants des médias, officialisant ainsi les rumeurs qui couraient depuis un certain temps, à savoir qu’ils forment un couple.
Le «dragon» François Lambert et Valérie Taillefer, amoureux depuis quelques mois, étaient aussi présents, mais ont furtivement esquivé le tapis rouge. Enfin, les deux amis Mélanie Maynard et Jean Airoldi s’accompagnaient mutuellement pour l’événement.
Marie-Chantal Perron a fait tourner les regards avec sa nouvelle coupe de cheveux. La belle arbore désormais une coupe très courte, ce qui lui donne un air gentiment coquin.
Les trois grandes amies Roxane Gaudette-Loiseau, Audréane Carrier et Frédérique Dufort sont arrivées en trio, rieuses, pour supporter leurs collègues de Yamaska et d’Unité 9 qui étaient en nomination. Roxane effectuait ainsi l’une de ses premières sorties publiques depuis la naissance de son petit garçon, Loïc, aujourd’hui âgé de quatre mois.
Sylvie Moreau et ses collègues de LOL viennent de terminer le tournage de la cinquième saison de la comédie de TVA. «Je fais beaucoup de comédies à la télévision et je suis contente, car c’est un genre qui rejoint beaucoup les gens, a confié la comédienne. Au théâtre et au cinéma, je fais des choses plus dramatiques.» L’équipe de comédiens de LOL était en nomination dans la catégorie Meilleure interprétation: humour, et a rendu les armes devant la troupe des Appendices. Cet automne, Sylvie Moreau montera sur les planches de l’Espace Libre dans la pièce Rue Fabre, avec son ami Réal Bossé. Elle planche aussi sur l’écriture de scénarios de films.
Normand D’Amour était en charmante compagnie alors que déambulaient à ses côtés son épouse, Pascale Montreuil, sa fille Marguerite, 12 ans, et son fils Lancelot, 22 ans. La petite Marguerite a spécifié qu’elle participait pour la première fois au Gala des Prix Gémeaux, mais que ce n’était pas «son premier tapis rouge». Son papa, lui, mentionné qu’il joue toujours dans Yamaska et Subito texto. Il tournera dans la deuxième saison de Mensonges et se produira sur la scène du Théâtre Duceppe, dans Qui a peur de Virginia Woolf ? en février prochain.
Patrice Bélanger était nommé dans la catégorie Meilleure animation: jeunesse pour son travail à la barre des Testeurs, en duo avec Étienne Boulay. C’est finalement Stéphane Bellavance qui a remporté les honneurs, mais Patrice a néanmoins de quoi sourire, puisqu’il est très occupé cet automne, avec l’animation de Debout les comiques, tous les matins, à CKOI, et C’est du sport à Télé-Québec. De plus, il succédera à Guy Jodoin, l’été prochain, à la barre de Sucré salé, à TVA.
«Je trouve que Guy est une personne très inspirante, comme individu et comme artiste, a souligné Patrice. Le mandat est donc élevé, stimulant, dynamisant, énergisant. Je saute dans un train  qui roule déjà à 100 000 à l’heure. Et ça tourne déjà vite dans ma tête pour trouver de nouveaux concepts, épicer la sauce à ma façon, donner ma couleur. Sans aucune prétention, je souhaite avoir un long règne à l’animation de cette émission. On ne répare pas ce qui n’est pas brisé, et moi, j’étais un fidèle de Sucré salé. Je veux que les gens reconnaissent leur Sucré salé, reconnaissent ce qu’ils aimaient du show, et y mettre ma propre texture.» Patrice, qu’on a d’abord connu comme comédien, notamment dans Les poupées russes, s’ennuie-t-il du jeu? «Pas tant que ça, a-t-il répondu. Le jeu sera toujours une grande passion pour moi, mias je n’ai pas de regrets d’animer plutôt que de jouer. Je m’ennuie de jouer parce que je voudrais jouer dans tout – Série noire, Unité 9, Les beaux malaises, tout! – mais pour l’instant l’animateur prend plus de place et je l’assume pleinement.»
Close
Le tapis rouge du 29e Prix Gémeaux
sur

Gala Gmeaux 2014: un 29e tapis rouge pour nos stars de la tl (PHOTOS)Gala Gémeaux 2014: un 29e tapis rouge pour nos stars de la télé (PHOTOS)
Le Huffington Post Québec  | Par Myreille Simard
reddit
La soirée du Gala des Gémeaux 2014 est enfin arrivée! Pour une 29e année, les artisans de la télévision québécoise se sont rassemblés pour célébrer les gagnants de cette édition 2014.
C'est devant le Théâtre Maisonneuve de la Place des Arts à Montréal que nous avons rencontré nos stars de la télé préférées pour leur parler de leurs rôles, de leurs vies, leurs projets, et bien sûr de leurs robes et habits de gala.
Une fois de plus, les vedettes québécoises nous ont montré qu'elles savent s'habiller pour les grandes occasions! Petit tour d'horizon...
Le noir, jamais assez!
Chantal Fontaine portait une magnifique robe noire classique trouvée à la boutique Éditions de robes. Anais Favron a opté pour le noir également en craquant pour une création québécoise de UNTTLD en dentelles. Guylaine Tremblay fidèle aux boutiques Le Château depuis plusieurs années a choisi une robe noire et blanche.
Anne Dorval a osé des couleurs plus claires, même estivales, pour sa tenue de gala. Une jupe turquoise signée UNTTLD et un chemisier blanc lui donnait fière allure. Tout aussi audacieuse était la robe d'Isabelle Guérard couverte complètement de paillettes de couleur gris anthracite trouvée à la boutique Dragone du Dix30.
UNTTLD pour Éditions de robes vole la vedette
On apprenait il y a quelques mois que les designers de la griffe québécoises UNTTLD allaient créer une collection spéciale pour Éditions de robes. Cette collection a vu le jour il y a quelques jours à peine et on remarque que plusieurs vedettes ont été charmées par leurs créations dont Julie Le Breton, Elise Guilbault et Anne Dorval.
Close
Le tapis rouge du 29e Prix Gémeaux
sur

Des scnes de films recres... en Legos! (PHOTOS)Des adultes recréent des scènes de films en Lego (PHOTOS)
Le Huffington Post Québec  | Par Kim Bellware
reddit
Lorsque les adultes s'intéressent aux Legos, le résultat peut être magique.
La firme Lego possède une base de fans estimée à 5 à 10% des ventes . Parmi ceux-ci se trouve le groupe de passionnés suédois de Swebrick , qui a récemment organisé son événement annuel.
Et certaines créations proposées lors du «AFOL vs. AFOL» (Adult Fans Of Lego) étaient de véritables œuvres d'art. Le thème, «Plastics From the Past», consistaient à recréer «»une scène d'un film ou série télé des années 80 comportant une voiture.»
Voici ce que ça a donné:
Du film Ferris Bueller's day off
Et si vous avez besoin de vous rafraîchir la mémoire pour ce film datant de 1986:
Impressionnant, hein?
Voici ci-dessous les meilleures contributions, et pour en admirer d'autres rendez-vous sur le site de Swebrick .
"Blade Runner" (1982)

Un incendie touche le Muse de la civilisation de Qubec (VIDO / PHOTOS)Incendie au Musée de la civilisation de Québec: les oeuvres sauvées (VIDÉO / PHOTOS)
RCQC  | Par                                                                Radio-Canada.ca
reddit
Un incendie au Musée de la civilisation de Québec, qui a nécessité l'intervention d'une cinquantaine de pompiers, a endommagé deux salles d'exposition, mais aucune œuvre ne serait touchée. L'incendie est lié aux travaux de réfection en cours sur l'immeuble.
Les pompiers ont combattu le brasier pendant plus de deux heures et demie. L'incendie s'est déclaré dans la toiture du musée de la rue Dalhousie.
Des ouvriers effectuaient des travaux sur le revêtement de l'édifice. Certains ont raconté avoir vu le moteur de leur plateforme élévatrice prendre feu, ce qui a enflammé l'isolant à l'uréthane qu'ils étaient en train d'installer. L'hypothèse a été confirmée par les pompiers en début de soirée.
« On avait un feu dans l'entretoit, entre la toiture de tôle et des matériaux d'isolation. Le feu était pris dans les matériaux d'isolation. Ce qui a été difficile, c'était de défaire la toiture », explique Richard Wagner, chef des opérations des pompiers de Québec.
Le service incendie a déclenché une deuxième alarme, puis rapidement une troisième, avant de passer à une quatrième alarme, demandant ainsi l'intervention d'une cinquantaine de pompiers.
Travaux de nettoyage
Les pompiers ont réussi à empêcher la propagation des flammes au reste du bâtiment. Les œuvres ont aussi pu être épargnées, même si l'eau et la fumée ont causé d'importants dégâts dans au moins deux salles.
« C'est très dur », a commenté le directeur du Musée de la civilisation, Michel Côté, après avoir constaté l'ampleur des dégâts.
L'exposition sur les Autochtones C'est notre histoire, qui comprend environ 300 objets, devra être entièrement refaite. « On retrouve beaucoup d'eau sur le plancher. Il va falloir enlever tous les planchers et tout recommencer l'exposition. »
La bonne nouvelle, c'est que les œuvres ne sont pas touchées au premier coup d'œil, mentionne le directeur. Des employés avaient recouvert des objets de bâches avant d'être évacués et les pompiers ont poursuivi le travail. M. Côté parle d'un travail d'équipe « formidable ».
Mais des centaines d'objets devront être inspectés et nettoyés. Le Centre de conservation du Québec, un organisme gouvernemental, a déjà déployé une équipe spécialisée pour prêter main-forte aux conservateurs du Musée.
« Il faut d'abord protéger les objets de la suie éventuelle et retirer ceux qui pourraient être plus fragiles à l'humidité. Ce sont les deux grands facteurs qu'on doit surveiller de très près. Pour le moment, c'est une intervention d'urgence globale dans l'ensemble des salles du côté où il y a eu l'incendie. Après, on va procéder oeuvre par oeuvre », explique la directrice des collections, Kati Tari.
Une autre salle située sous le secteur incendié a aussi subi des dommages. Cette salle était en préparation pour accueillir l'exposition sur la danse contemporaine Corps rebelles. Aucun objet ne s'y trouvait, mais le plafond et le plancher sont à refaire. L'ouverture de l'exposition, prévue pour le 10 octobre, risque d'être repoussée.

Apple vous permet d effacer l album de U2Apple permet aux abonnés d'iTunes d'effacer l'album de U2
AFPQC  | Par                                                                Agence France-Presse
reddit
Face à la polémique suscitée par le téléchargement automatique du dernier album de U2 sur les comptes iTunes, Apple a mis en place lundi une procédure pour effacer "Songs of Innocence" des bibliothèques des mécontents.
La semaine dernière, lors de la présentation du nouvel iPhone 6 à San Francisco, le groupe irlandais avait interprété une chanson de son album, le premier en cinq ans, qu'Apple avait instantanément mis gratuitement à la disposition des plus de 500 millions d'abonnés de son service de musique en ligne iTunes.
Mais de nombreux abonnés qui ne souhaitaient pas que cet album encombre leur espace de stockage se sont plaints de ne pouvoir retirer les chansons de leur bibliothèque.
Apple a mis en place une adresse pour se débarrasser du contenu musical mais prévient qu'il ne pourra pas être à nouveau téléchargé gratuitement.
L'album était en effet offert à tout abonné ouvrant un compte iTunes avant la date du 13 octobre.
U2, qui a publié certains des albums les plus acclamés au monde dans les années 1980 comme "The Joshua Tree" ou "Rattle and Hum", aurait pu attendre d'énormes rentrées financières avec la sortie d'un nouvel album très attendu des fans.
Apple n'a toutefois pas dévoilé les arrangements financiers passés avec les membres du groupe, multi-millionnaires, pour la mise à disposition gratuite de l'album.
Bono n'a pas manqué de rappeler lors de cet événement la collaboration de longue date de U2 avec Apple, lançant à l'adresse de son PDG: "Nous sommes le sang (faisant marcher) votre machine, Ô Maître Zen des matériels et logiciels d'ordinateurs Tim Cook".

Urban Outfitters s excuse aprs avoir mis en vente un chandail avec de fausses taches de sangPrevious Story
Next Story
Urban Outfitters s'excuse après avoir mis en vente un chandail «avec de fausses taches de sang»
The Huffington Post Canada
reddit
Urban Outfitters se retrouve encore une fois dans une controverse après avoir mis en vente un chandail au goût douteux.
Le détaillants est au centre d'une autre polémique après avoir ajouté à son catalogue un chandail «vintage» aux couleurs de Kent State University, mais avec ce qui a toutes les apparences de taches de sang.
Plusieurs ont rapidement fait un lien entre le chandail et une fusillade qui avait éclaté à cet endroit en 1970 , alors la Garde nationale de l'Ohio avait ouvert le feu dans une manifestation contre la guerre du Viêt Nam. Une fusillade qui avait fait quatre morts et neuf blessés.
Comme on pouvait s'y attendre, les réactions ont été vives sur Twitter:
Urban Outfitters are selling a “vintage” Kent State jumper, blood splatters and all. Nothing says “hip” like murder. pic.twitter.com/tq63ONAniq
— cory zanoni (@cjzanoni) September 15, 2014
urban outfitters is pure garbage: selling a kent state sweatshirt w/ blood spatter http://t.co/CWCyf9rVsm pic.twitter.com/khADGld09g
— Becca Laurie, PI (@imbeccable) September 15, 2014
Hey @UrbanOutfitters , when will the Sandy Hook shirts be available? And will there be child sizes? #UrbanOutfitters pic.twitter.com/M7F6EQ5jSi
— Promoted Tweet (@kickitupanacho) September 15, 2014
Avec toute cette «publicité», les stocks de ce chandail ont rapidement été épuisés.
Urban Outfitters a également réagi sur Twitter, s'excusant auprès de ceux qui ont été offensés.
Urban Outfitters sincerely apologizes for any offense our Vintage Kent State Sweatshirt may have caused. It (cont) http://t.co/o3oKyPJFu8
— Urban Outfitters (@UrbanOutfitters) September 15, 2014
Dans sa déclaration officielle, Urban Outfitters a ajouté qu'il ne s'agit pas d'une imitation de tâches de sang. Il s'agirait simplement d'un effet de décoloration propre à cette collection de vêtements.
«Nous sommes très offensés de voir une compagnie utiliser notre douleur pour sa publicité et son profit. Cet article est au-delà du mauvais goût et minimise des pertes de vie qui touchent encore la communauté de Kent State aujourd'hui»
- Extrait de la déclaration de Kent State University
Parmi les controverses ayant touché Urban Outfitters, on compte notamment les vêtements «Navajo» et le logo « Depression ».

cosse: deux soutiens de poids pour les partisans de l indpendance (VIDO)Previous Story
Next Story
Indépendance de l'Écosse: Willie des «Simpson» et la styliste Vivienne Westwood s'engagent pour le «oui» (VIDÉO)
Le HuffPost
Le référendum tant attendu approche. Le jeudi 18 septembre, les électeurs écossais décideront s'ils veulent ou non prendre leur indépendance . Alors que le «oui» et le «non» sont au coude-à-coude dans les sondages , les célébrités se mobilisent en ces derniers jours de campagne, à l'image de Paul McCartney ou de David Beckham , partisans d'un maintien de l'Écosse au sein du Royaume-Uni.
Le premier ministre britannique David Cameron a beau prévenir que la victoire du «oui» causerait un «douloureux divorce» , cela n'empêche pas d'autres personnalités de clamer haut et fort leur désir d'indépendance. Après Sean Connery, Ken Loach ou encore Irvine Welsh, un autre Écossais célèbre s'est engagé pour le «oui». Il s'agit de Willie , le concierge roux et bourru de l'école élémentaire de Springfield, dans Les Simpson.
Dans une vidéo publiée le vendredi 12 septembre par la chaîne Fox , qui diffuse la série, on peut le voir expliquer pourquoi il est en faveur de l'indépendance de l'Écosse, rappelant au passage qu'il ne porte pas vraiment les Anglais dans son cœur (voir la vidéo sous-titrée par le HuffPost en haut de cet article). Willie qualifie notamment les électeurs du «non» d'«asticots rampant sous les bottes des Britanniques» et en se comparant à William Wallace et Andy Murray qu'il qualifie de «fils prodigues de l'Écosse».
Vivienne Westwood déploie les grands moyens
Autre prise de position notable dans cette dernière ligne droite, celle de Vivienne Westwood . La styliste, connue pour avoir donné à la mode punk ses lettres de noblesse, a déployé les grands moyens pour afficher son soutien au «oui».
Pour la présentation de sa dernière collection à Londres, elle s'est enveloppée d'un drapeau écosse et a fait défiler les mannequins avec des badges «Yes», comme vous pouvez le voir dans les images ci-dessous:
Au passage, Vivienne Westwood a aussi déclaré à des journalistes qu'elle «détestait l'Angleterre» et que ceux qui s'apprêtaient à s'abstenir jeudi étaient «stupides», rapporte le Daily Mail . Dommage qu'elle soit elle-même anglaise et ne puisse donc participer au scrutin...

It s been 100 days of misrule  says Congress bookletIt s been 100 days of misrule  says Congress booklet
Cairn India makes 3 more oil discoveries in Rajasthan fieldCairn India makes 3 more oil discoveries in Rajasthan field
How Indian companies will fare in coming quartersHow India Inc will fare in coming quarters
By Tanvi Varma | India Today Group –  Wed 27 Aug, 2014 7:08 PM IST
Print
Ever since the Narendra Modi-led NDA came to power in the recent national elections, 'economic revival' has become the talk of Dalal Street. In this context, corporate earnings have taken over the mantle of indicating the progress we are making. The big ticket events-National elections and Union budget-are behind us and market participants need another hint or clue to decide their next course of action. Sankaran Naren, CIO, ICICI Prudential AMC says the market has seen a good re-rating in the last 10 months and the returns from here on will have to follow earnings.
Consensus among experts is that earnings for April-June period in 2014-15 have been a mixed bag so far. Sandeep Shenoy, executive director-institutional equities, Anand Rathi Securities says, "Numbers posted by players like BHEL, L&T and Coal India still convey some pain in the system. This, coupled with inflation stubbornly refusing to abate, would bring investors to reality." Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities, adds: "Although the quarterly results show that revenue growth has been slightly better, margins are yet to show major improvement for several sectors."
However, there is a silver lining. According to Vinay Khattar, associate director and head of research, Edelweiss, managements are more confident of putting better results in the second half of 2014-15. Improved consumer sentiment has been the main reason behind the result, he added.
How the Top Companies Fared This Quarter
This can be seen in the better performance displayed by the consumption-related sectors like consumer goods, banking, NBFCs and auto. Among domestic-play industries, auto and housing finance companies stand out for their stellar performance.
CONSUMER-RELATED SECTORS
Marico surpassed expectations, recording a 25% year-on-year (YoY) growth in revenue and 20% growth in profit after tax (PAT) as it continues to grow in line with, or ahead of, the categories it operates in. Similarly, Britannia Industries results were also ahead of estimate with net sales growing 15% YoY and PAT 27%, among the highest in the category. The company has maintained its margins by taking many cost-containment measures, which are likely to be sustained. HUL too reported a healthy sales growth of 13% YoY led by double-digit sales growth across segments. Jubilant Foodworks however, disappointed with EBITDA margins declining 12.4% and PAT declining 18% YoY. Higher promotions, outlet expansion and higher operating cost dented margins.
Numbers posted by players like bhel, l&t and coal india still convey some pain in the system..SANDEEP SHENOY ED, Institutional Equities, Anand Rathi Securities
AUTO SECTOR SURGES AHEAD
Tata Motors reported a stellar quarter with net sales growth of 37% and EBIDTA margins of 18%. According to Piyush Jain, equity research analyst at Morningstar India, Tata Motors derives substantial profitability and returns generated from its premium brands Jaguar and Land Rover (JLR). Over the last five years, JLR revenue has grown at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 40% and is likely to continue achieving strong international growth. In fact in 2013 Tata Motors derived 90% of its operating profit from JLR. While the company's Indian operations delivered a loss of Rs 600 crore, it still commands 50% of Indian commercial vehicle market and will benefit from economic growth and government spending, says Jain.
 
Bajaj Auto saw sales growth of 7% YoY and quarter over quarter (QoQ) which was low due to the muted sales growth of its two wheelers but it met expectations. Bajaj's competitor Hero Motocorp reported better numbers with net sales growing 14% and PAT by 4% YoY, scooter sales were robust, growing by 16.2%.
BANKING CONCERNS REMAIN
The banking sector registered mixed performance. There was deterioration in asset quality led by PSU banks where restructuring was higher compared to private banks. According to a report by CARE ratings, for 2013-14 the gross NPAs of PSU banks rose 38.2% and restructured advances stood at 7% while gross NPAs of private banks was comparatively lower at 13.6% and restructured advances at 2.5%.
Revenue growth has been slightly better, but margins are yet to show major improvement for several sectors.DIPEN SHAH Head, Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities
Also, credit growth was subdued for most of the banks and remained at 11-13%, given a slowdown in economic activity and high interest rates for 2013-14. On a YoY basis, private sector banks-ICICI and HDFC Bank-met or beat street expectations with high double-digit PAT numbers. "ICICI Bank grew net interest income by 17%, driven by loan growth of 15% and expansion in net interest margin by 13 basis points to 3.4%", says Suruchi Jain, equity research analyst at Morningstar. Deposits (up 16%) grew faster than advances (15%), which would help to further expand margins. HDFC Bank's earnings were up 21% YoY as good cost control made up for slower revenue growth. The bank's NIMs are amongst the best in the industry at 4.4%. Meanwhile, Axis Bank posted results in line with estimates with NII and PAT at about Rs 3,300 crore and Rs1,670 crore. The net interest margins (NIMs) retained at 3.9% with loan growth moderating to 16% YoY.
On the other hand, PSU banks showed moderate growth in revenue and PAT. Although SBI reported healthier growth in sales and PAT than expected with NIM at 3.5%, its asset quality was stressed with gross NPA at 4.9% and higher slippages from mid-corporate and SME segments. Union Bank showed better performance with PAT growth of 19% YoY with stable asset quality, while NIMs are still low at 2.6%.
Housing finance companies posted results in line with estimate. The loan growth was at 15% with spread stabilising. Emkay Global expects HDFC to log a 14.5% CAGR over 2013-14 and 2015-16 in net interest income (NII) driven by 16.5% CAGR in loans. Uptick in developers' loans could provide upside. Overall, Khattar is positive on private banks as they have shown good governance and adequate capital for growth.
CAPEX DISAPPOINTS
The capital expenditure (Capex) related sector (capital goods, metals) has underperformed as capacity utilisation across the sector is still at around 70% and hence no new expansion has been announced, says Khattar. Naren believes that the pickup in capital goods cycle will only happen in 2015-16 i.e. once coal shortage comes down and project-related environment issues are sorted out. Take BHEL for instance: the company's revenues and margins were both weak with an even poor order inflow for the quarter. EBIDTA and PAT plunged 44% YoY and 58% YoY, respectively. The decline of 20% in the top line highlights that the state of the power sector continues to be challenging.
Shah of Kotak Securities says that infrastructure companies have not reported any major increase in order book. Although L&T reported a 10% increase in top line YoY, quarterly numbers were not very encouraging. L&T's order inflow was lower than management guidance of 15% as the domestic market remained sluggish in power, hydrocarbon and metal space. The company, however, has maintained a guidance of 15% revenue growth on 20% growth in order inflow. "The commodity cycle could be softening and that bodes well for many heavy industries in India," says Shenoy of Anand Rathi.
EXPORT PUSH
Since domestic capex cycle is yet to pick up,export-oriented/import-parity industries are expected to cruise well. According to a recent report by Emkay Global Financial Services, within IT companies Tier-1 companies have positively surprised on margins on the back of utilisation improvement (barring Wipro). On the other hand, mid-tier peers surprised negatively on margins. Revenues from North America for the larger companies bounced back. Tier-1 companies saw a 1.2-5.5% QoQ US revenue growth with TCS being the star performer in June 2014 quarter delivering a 5.5% dollar revenue growth while Wipro's quarterly change was at the lower end owing to decline in US and EU revenues. Infosys results were in line. The company left 2014-15 dollar revenue growth guidance unchanged at 7-9%, which implies a 2.3-3.5% sequential growth over next three quarters. Among mid-tier companies Mindtree did well with a robust revenue growth. However, margins were subdued due to fall in currency realisation. Appreciation of about 3% QoQ in rupee affected margins across companies.
HEALTHCARE OPTIMISM
Healthcare showed interesting numbers on the back of higher US and domestic sales. Sun Pharma posted lower-than-expected numbers with revenues growing 13% and PAT at Rs 1,478 crore. However, the management has maintained its revenue growth guidance for 2014-15 at 13-15%. Among other companies, Lupin beat street expectation with revenues rising 36% YoY and 8% on a QoQ basis driven by 56% rise in US sales and about 29% growth in its Indian business. According to an IIFL report, the company aims revenue of $5 billion and is expected to grow PAT at 22% CAGR over 2013-14 and 2015-16.
Glenmark Pharma's recent results too were better than expected. Revenue grew 19% whilst PAT growth grew 42% YoY. According to a report by Motilal Oswal, with an uptick in the US business the company is likely to witness 20% earnings growth.
As consumer demand picks up, we should see it percolate into earnings over the next two quarters. the 2015-16 sensex eps estimate would be rs 1,820 VINAY KHATTAR Head-Research, Edelweiss
FACTORS TO IMPACT EARNINGS
The biggest factors that would impact earnings going forward would be interest rates and the monsoon. In its latest bi-monthly monetary policy review, the Reserve Bank of India left the repo rate and CRR unchanged at 8% and 4% respectively. Khattar is of the opinion that the first rate cut will happen in the fourth quarter of this financial year, although uncertainty around that outlook has increased. This can be seen in the underperformance of rate sensitive sectors, compared to the broader market. Further, monsoon has been a huge cause of concern this year. However, a substantial pick up in rainfall since the 2nd week of July along iwth with improving sowing data has caused relief.
Shenoy believes the earning traction of 15-16% on the EPS front will stabilise markets. With the fundamentals of the economy strengthening and the government initiating policy reforms, sentiments are improving. "As consumer demand picks up, we should see it percolate into earnings over the next two quarters and the 2015-16 Sensex EPS estimate would be Rs 1,820 (at around Rs 1,420 On August 19),' says Khattar.
Reproduced From Money Today. © September 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
 

AIBA clears Indian boxers to fight under tricolourPrint
Incheon, Sep 16 (IANS) Indian boxers will be allowed to participate under the national flag in the 2014 Asian Games starting here Friday after the world body AIBA gave provisional recognition to Boxing India, a newly-elected federation.
AIBA president C.K. Wu, in statement Tuesday, said Boxing India, has been unanimously approved for provisional membership and also asked the federation to apply for membership from the Indian Olympic Association (IOA).
"I would like to emphasise the importance of managing Boxing India in the most transparent, fair, democratic manner and most importantly in the respect of all AIBA rules and regulations," said Wu.
Boxing India elections were held Thursday in Mumbai and were overseen by observers from AIBA and a returning officer was appointed to ensure free and fair elections.
The provisional membership will be ratified by the 2014 AIBA Congress scheduled to take place in Jeju Islands, in November.
"It is indeed a matter of pride for us as a nation that the Indian Boxing Contingent will now be allowed to participate under the Indian flag at the upcoming Incheon Asian Games 2014. I also extend my best wishes  to all our boxers to perform their best. Boxing India will continue to work tirelessly to bring back the boxing sport on its growth trajectory," said Sandeep Jajodia, newly-elected president of Boxing India.
"It's great morale boosting news for Indian Boxing. Each & every member of Boxing India will work enthusiastically and diligently to revive Indian boxing and help it achieve Olympic Glory. We are confident that Boxing India will make that happen." said Jay Kowli, Secretary General, Boxing India.
The erstwhile Indian Boxing Federation (IBF) was derecognised by the international body AIBA in March after being suspended for more than 12 months following a controversial election in December 2012 that saw president Abhay Singh Chautala elevated as the chairman of the body.
In the same week, Chautala's election as Indian Olympic Association (IOA) president also led to India's ban by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that was finally lifted after 14 months in February after a new set of officials were elected.
Recommend

Pier 1 sinks on earnings newsPier 1 sinks in after hours trading
By: Gary Strauss September 17, 2014 4:55 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Pier 1 Imports PIR became the latest specialty retailer to hit rough waters during earnings season, tumbling 11% in after hours trading Wednesday to $13.89, it’s lowest level since 2011.
While second-quarter sales rose 5.8% to $418.6 million, net income fell 48% to $9.2 million from $17.8 million in the year-ago quarter, missing Wall Street expectations.  The home furnishings company also lowered full fiscal 2015 earnings projections for the second time since June, saying it now expects to earn 95 cents to $1.05 a share.
CEO Alex Smith tried to paint a bright picture on quarterly results, customers “love  our expanded assortments and the ability to shop however they choose” on-line. Indeed, on-line sales, launched in July 2013, now account for $200 million in sales and are expected to exceed $400 million in fiscal 2016.  But e-commerce accounts for just 9.7% of overall sales and scaling up operations are cutting into overall earnings.
Moreover, Smith conceded soft store traffic and declining margins were disappointing.
Smith, like other retailers, are banking on a solid holiday shopping season.
“As we move into the second half of the year and prepare for the all-important holiday season, we are also bolstering our marketing and promotional strategies to drive both store and web site traffic, conversion and average ticket, while reinforcing Pier 1 Imports’ competitive positioning,” he said. “Our initiatives include additional circulation of our mailers and catalogs, new TV spots that feature fresh creative, new digital programs and a more aspirational brand message.”
Shares are now near their lowest levels since December 2011. Year-to-date, Pier 1 is 0ff 40%.
 

Emami to pay 400% interimEmami to pay 400% interim
Longer  Broader  HigherLonger  Broader  Higher
Bruno  Sadi  & other cricketer pets you ll lovePakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

How Not To Design A Women s Cycling KitColombian Women's Cycling Team Victims Of 'Camel Toe' Kit
The Huffington Post UK
reddit
You don't have to look closely at the below picture of the Colombian women's cycling team to realise they are victims of a fashion faux-pas.
The designer's decision to apply a skin-toned colour around the abdomen and groin area resulted in a rather demeaning and, on first glance, revealing look that gives the impression the women are left exposed.
I'm no fashion expert but even I know that the Colombia women's cycling team kit seen here is a genuine disaster pic.twitter.com/4vdRzH8ohd
— Hilary Evans (@OlympicStatman) September 13, 2014
Unsurprisingly, those modelling the strip looked awkward.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Boris Johnson Launches Bid To Become His Own Independent CountryBoris Johnson To Hold A Referendum On Becoming An Independent Country
The Huffington Post UK  | By Paul Vale
reddit
Boris Johnson has launched an audacious bid to break away from the United Kingdom and declare himself an independent country.
The London Mayor and prospective parliamentary candidate for Ruislip announced on Monday that after 50 years as a citizen of the Union, he had decided to hold a referendum on whether to leave the UK and become an independent state.
Johnson told reporters that he had mentally scheduled the vote to take place on February 25, 2017, and would likely decide on this “important point of national self-determination” whilst cycling across Chelsea Bridge.
Comparing his future independent self with the “Athenian democracy of Pericles”, Johnson quipped that he was expecting a “high voter turnout - 100%”.
When quizzed on why he would break away, Johnson said that he had come to resent being ruled by a Westminster government 6 miles away from his Islington home, and that he should be able to control his “own monetary policy” and “determine his own future as a proud, independent nation”.
“I already comply with EU laws and regulations,” said Boris, “so reapplying for membership should I leave the UK will be a formality”.
On matters of defence, Boris said he hoped to remain a member of Nato, though he was not prepared to have Trident missiles siloed in his garden shed.
“This piffle will all be sorted out in the 18 months between me voting for my own independence and the day I actually become independent,” said Johnson.
On the question of currency, Johnson said an independent Boris would sign a formal union with Britain allowing him to keep the pound.
When pushed on a backup plan should the Chancellor rule against a currency union, Johnson ignored the question and said he would sign a formal union with Britain allowing him to keep the pound
“I've appeared seven times on 'Have I Got News For You', I can probably run my own country,” said the Mayor, before reminding reporters that an independent Boris would be the 14th richest nation in the OECD.
"My first policy as a country would be a 3% reduction in corporation tax," he said, before belittled suggestions that the ageing population of an independent Boris would struggle with a budget deficit. "I have considerable oil reserves," he said.
Close
Boris Johnson: 50 Funny Pictures
of

Unidentified... Something Spotted On Surface Of Rosetta CometUFO Sighted On Surface Of Rosetta Comet
The Huffington Post UK  | By Thomas Tamblyn
reddit
A UFO has been sighted on the surface of Comet 67P Churyumov Gerasimenko by the Rosetta spacecraft.
The craft, which is currently tailing the comet (and has just announced its landing point), was able to take a high-resolution image which then revealed a metallic-looking object.
Conspiracy websites have backed up the claim that it is indeed an unidentified object by pointing out that a rock next to the device shows very different characteristics, despite both being in the same angle of sunlight.
The rock appears as a darker more rugged shape while the metallic disc appears to reflect the sunlight back into the camera lens of the Rosetta spacecraft.
There's been no official explanation for the photo from ESA and the image is free to download here so why not take a look and let us know what you think below.
More:

Katie s Picked Another Errm  Unusual Baby NamePrevious Story
Next Story
Katie Price Baby Name Revealed: Former Glamour Model And Kieran Hayler Name Their Baby Daughter Bunny
The Huffington Post UK
reddit
Katie Price has announced the name of her baby daughter, and it’s suitably outlandish.
The former glamour model has officially confirmed that she and her husband Kieran Hayler have called the newest addition to their family Bunny Hayler, though she’s admitted that it wasn’t easy for the couple to agree on the perfect baby name.
Katie Price
Speaking in the latest issue of OK! magazine , Katie goes on to list a number of other monikers she was considering.
These include Duchess, Katie Lady, Disney, Precious, Bambi, Ethel and Peggy - which, frankly, sounds like a strangest remake of ‘Snow White and the Seven Dwarves’ we’ve ever heard.
“I wanted to call her Duchess Kate or just Duchess, but Kieran didn't like that, so we've chosen Bunny, which we both like," she tells the mag. "It's really cute isn't it?”
Katie also reveals that even when they agreed on a name, she still wanted to do something a bit different with it, adding: “I considered it being spelled 'Bunni' with a heart above the 'i', but I don't think that's really a part of the English language.”
No, Katie. No it is not.
Katie Price and Kieran Hayler
Although Katie initially took to Twitter to say she was planning on divorcing Kieran , she later revealed that she was giving him another chance, claiming that things were “starting to get better” for the couple, who first tied the knot in January last year .
Read Katie's full interview in OK! magazine.
Close
49 Ridiculous Celebrity Baby Names
of

I Know What Really Happened To MH370MH370: Indonesian Police Chief 'Knows What Happened To Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight'
Huffington Post UK
reddit
Indonesia’s chief of police has been quoted as saying he knows what happened to doomed Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
General Sutarman is alleged to have dropped his bombshell at a Friday meeting in Jakarta between senior airline officials from the airline Lion Air and police.
“I spoke with the Chief of Police of Malaysia Tun Mohammad Hanif Omar, I know what really happened with the MH370,” he is cited as saying by Indonesian news site Kompas.
Indonesian police chief General Sutarman is alleged to have said he knows what happened to the missing flight MH370
Cryptically, Gen Sutarman declined to elaborate on just what he claims to know about the aircraft, which went missing on 8 March with 239 people on board.
The newspaper adds: “It is possible General Sutarman is aware Mr Omar had retired but had simply not mentioned that when he referred to him.”
Gen Bakar is said to be “shocked” by the report.
Meanwhile the Indonesian Embassy appears to be questioning whether the conversation happened at all.
Bambang Widodo Umar of the University of Indonesia, said the statement had caused confusion.
He told the newspaper: “If it was supposed to be classified, he should not tell it.”
Stating that Gen Sutarman had no option now other than to reveal what he knew, he added: “The police know more about it. Why don’t they reveal it?”
The same newspaper quotes Gen Sutarman as saying: "The Malaysian Police and I have known the truth, but I will not reveal it here."
Six months on, this is what we know for sure about the fate of MH370
The pilots' final conversation showed nothing 'abnormal'
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Malaysian authorities released transcripts of the crew's final exchange with air traffic control, saying it showed nothing irregular. The last words were : "Good night, Malaysian 370."
The plane changed direction - but we don't know why
Getty Images
Investigators say they believe the plane turned south after its final radar contact and flew over the southern Indian Ocean, where it is believed to have crashed.
No trace of the plane has been found
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Despite an exhaustive air and sea search, no trace of the plane has yet been found, due to the size of the area and the depth of the ocean being searched. The search thought it had detected 'pings' from the plane's black box but these may have been from another source and the area they came from was later ruled out as the plane's final resting place.
If human action brought the plane down, the pilot is a suspect
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah (pictured top right next to co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid) had no social plans or engagements after March 8, the day the plane vanished. Shah also programmed flights far into the southern Indian Ocean - the plane's most likely resting place - on the flight simulator at his home. The rest of the crew all passed security checks, it was reported .
The search will take a long time
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Within weeks of MH370 disappearing, authorities warned the search could take "years". The initial sea and air search has been called off but oceanographers are mapping the ocean floor in preparation for a one-year search that will begin late this month to find the wreckage.
More:

Rita Forgets Her Bra At LFW BashPrevious Story
Next Story
Rita Ora Forgets Her Bra And Flashes The Flesh At Stella McCartney London Fashion Week Party (PICS)
The Huffington Post UK
reddit
Rita Ora made sure all eyes were on her at a London Fashion Week party this weekend - including a few A-listers - thanks to her daring outfit.
Rita gave it some serious cleavage in her trouser suit at the launch of Stella McCartney's Green Carpet Collection at the Royal British Institute - something that didn't go unnoticed by some of the famous guests.
Rita Ora
US actor Samuel  L. Jackson was spotted sharing a joke with the 'I Will Never Let You Down' singer before Paul McCartney swooped in for a chat.
Rita Ora and Samuel L. Jackson share a joke at the bash
Also at the bash were Ellie Goulding and her McBusted boyfriend Dougie Poynter, Colin Firth, Drew Barrymore, Salma Hayek and US Vogue Editor Anna Wintour.
Rita has been making flashing the flesh a bit of a habit of late - although, not always intentionally.
Earlier this month, the 23-year-old suffered an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as she left her own clothing launch party.
Reets flashed her pants after the backside of one of her own designs for the Adidas sports label split as she got into a car.
Close

News Anchor Reveals Terminal Brain Cancer - Live On AirPrevious Story
Next Story
News Anchor Dave Benton Battling Brain Cancer Reveals - Live On Air - That He Has Six Months To Live
The Huffington Post UK
A brave news anchor battling brain cancer has revealed - live on air - that he has only four to six months to live .
Dave Benton, 51, revealed during a broadcast on Thursday afternoon, not only that his cancer had returned but that it is "too big" for surgery.
Dave is to try a new treatment to slow down the tumour's growth, his goal is to add "a few more days and make them the best they can be".
He added: "As you know I am a born-again Christian, I believe I am in God’s hands and I am at peace and I know that he is going to take care of the days ahead.”
Dave, has worked for the Illinois channel WCIA-TV for almost nine years, and has a wife and two adult children.
After his announcement, many sent messages of support over Twitter.
"Thinking of you and continuing to pray for you as you venture through this. I love your attitude and commitment," said one.
"I saw your video on facebook and was truly moved by your courage. My thoughts are with you and your family," wrote another.
So many tweets with such great support and inspiration! Thanks
— Dave Benton (@WCIA3Dave) September 12, 2014
According to the NHS there are about 4,300 people diagnosed with benign brain tumours and 5,000 new cases of malignant (cancerous) brain tumours in the UK each year.
Being able to recognise the signs of a brain tumour early is key to successful treatment.
SEE ALSO:
What Are The Signs And Symptoms Of Brain Tumours?
Brain tumours are graded from one to four according to their behaviour, such as how fast they grow and how likely they are to spread. Grade one tumours are the least aggressive and grade four are the most harmful and cancerous.
Even benign brain tumours can be serious if they are not diagnosed and treated early.
According to Cancer Research UK there were 4,975 deaths from brain, other central nervous system and intracranial tumours in the UK in 2011. Education on brain tumours could help to reduce this number.
Here are some brain tumour symptoms to look out for:
Close

Murder Probe As Bodies Of Two British Tourists Are Found On Thai BeachNaked British Tourists Found Dead On Beach In Thailand
Huffington Post UK
reddit
A murder probe is underway after the bodies of two British tourists were found on a beach in southern Thailand.
The pair, believed to be a 23-year-old woman from Great Yarmouth, Norfolk and a 24-year-old man from Jersey in the Channel Islands, were naked and had deep head wounds, police said.
It is thought they had attended a beach event on Koh Tao, a small island popular with divers near the full moon party spot of Koh Phangan.
Thai workers remove the bodies of two British tourists found on Koh Tao island
Phuket Wan News reports the woman had been raped and that "shocked residents have now blocked the pier at the island to prevent anyone leaving."
Police colonel Prachum Ruangthong told the Associated Press the victims' clothes and a blood-stained gardening hoe were found close to the bodies.
He added the authorities were checking CCTV at nearby restaurants, hotels and shops for clues.
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) said: "We are aware of the death of two British nationals on September 15 on the island of Koh Tao in the Gulf of Thailand.
"The embassy are urgently seeking information from the local authorities and consular staff stand ready to provide assistance to friends and family at this tragic time."
According to the Lonely Planet travel guides, Koh Tao welcomes thousands of visitors who "come to worship the turquoise waters offshore". Its turquoise coral, sharks and rays bring in divers, hikers enjoy jungle walks and the bar scene "rages on until dawn".
The FCO says as many as 11 Britons have been murdered in Thailand since 2009.
In a 2012/13 New Year's Eve party Londoner Stephen Ashton, 22, was killed in a bar on Haad Rin beach on the Thai island of Koh Phangan - a resort where the FCO warns British travellers to beware "vicious, unprovoked attacks by gangs".
The FCO says such attacks are particularly common around the time of Full Moon parties and generally occur late at night near bars in Haad Rin.
British visitors are also warned that violent assaults and robberies have been reported in the resort town of Chaweng in Koh Samui. Attacks have also occurred in other tourist districts in Thailand including Chiang Mai, Pattaya and Krabi.
In July last year an American was stabbed to death, and his son seriously injured in an attack in a bar in Krabi.
On crime generally, the FCO warns Britons to beware scams, pickpockets, bag-snatchers and credit card fraud.
Just a few weeks ago, the FCO published comprehensive, country-by-country lists of places where Britons needed consular assistance in the 12 months ending March 2014.
The list also showed where Britons have been victims of crime.
Taking into account the number of visits made by Britons to a country as well as the number of Britons living in that country, Thailand was second only to the Philippines in being the destination where Britons needed the most consular assistance.
In 2013/14, Britons made more than 906,000 visits to Thailand - a country where around 50,000 Britons live. There were 1,164 incidents of consular assistance, including 11 cases of rape, six of assault and 267 instances of Britons being taken to hospital.
There were also 362 deaths of Britons in Thailand in 2013/14. Although this figure included those who died of natural causes, the total was more than in any other country except Spain, which received around 12 times the number of Britons than Thailand.
The latest murder is a further setback for Thailand's tourism industry which is still recovering from the military coup which took place in May this year.
For a time tourists had to obey a strict night curfew which was lifted after a few weeks. The FCO warns Britons that it is illegal to criticise the coup and that visitors "should be wary of making political statements in public."
More:

Passing the baton: GMR Group s succession plan09:00 pm
The Rs 9,700 crore  GMR group may be struggling under a mammoth Rs 37,000 crore debt burden but one area it is not struggling in is its succession plan. Over the last two years, the group has clearly demarcated functions and responsibilities among various family members. Sajeet Manghat and Gopika Gopakumar have more.
RELATED NEWS

Gas sniffs please-all rateGas sniffs please-all rate
Sugar output likely to rise 5%Sugar output likely to rise 5%
I-T to look into credit history  loan repayment pattern oftaxpayersI-T will vigourously pursue recovery of arrears from defaulting partnerships.
New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:39 am
To recover maximum tax arrears with the optimum use of manpower, the income-tax department has decided to look into the credit history and loan repayment pattern of taxpayers and prioritise cases for recovery of past dues based on a defaulter’s ability to pay.
For this, the department would consult the Credit Information Bureau of India (Cibil) that assigns credit scores and maintains details of loans taken by individuals, partnerships and corporations, along with their PAN. Sources said tax officials would be able to get an idea of the assets and the financial health of an assessee against which a tax arrears recovery demand has to be pursued vigourously.
The I-T department which claims a massive R6.74 lakh crore in arrears to be recovered is able to pursue cases accounting for only a small part of it every year due to appeals pending in various courts, inadequate assets to recover from defaulters and due to non-traceability of assessees. For FY15, it has set a target of recovering about Rs 42,000 crore of arrears, about 6% of the R7.4 lakh crore the government wants to collect this year by way of corporation tax, personal income tax and wealth tax, 15% more than what it raised last fiscal.
However, I-T will vigourously pursue recovery of arrears from defaulting partnerships and large corporations even via attaching the assets of partners and directors. In the case of individual taxpayers who have expired, it intends to reach out to their legal heirs, said a field officer, who asked not to be named.
The tax authority wants to cut down the quantum of arrears to be recovered and would consider writing off smaller demands.

Record Turnout Likely for Scotland s Independence VoteRecord Turnout Likely for Scotland s Independence Vote
U.S. inflation surprisingly weak  Fed keeps low rates pledgeU.S. inflation surprisingly weak  Fed keeps low rates pledge
Five Italian-American heroesRead more about these links.
Divorce, Italian style
It is no exaggeration to say that Ferrari owes its life to Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, the blue-eyed, hawkish-profiled, impeccably tailored executive who led the Prancing Horse out of darkness following the death of its founder, Enzo Ferrari. Over 23 years, di Montezemolo developed the company into one of the world’s strongest brands, saying nothing of his impact on its sports cars or championship-winning racing cars.
But on 10 September, the executive announced his imminent departure from Ferrari and Fiat-Chrysler Automobiles (FCA), the brand’s parent company, stemming from disagreements with FCA brass over the future path of Ferrari. Recent poor results in Formula 1 only exacerbated tensions, and di Montezemolo – responding to demands to increase Ferrari’s sales volumes – allegedly told friends,  “Ferrari is now American,” according to the Italian daily newspaper Corriere della Sera.
Given Ferrari’s legacy of emphatically Italian craftsmanship, no greater insult could have been uttered. But di Montezemolo was blind to some Italian-American mashups that actually worked.
Here are five Italian-American vehicles that channelled the winning spirit of Mario Andretti – the last US driver to clinch a Formula 1 championship – and one four-wheeled lump of spazzatura of the sort di Montezemolo, in his pique, likely had in mind. (Photo: Newspress)
1971-91 De Tomaso Pantera
It looks like a Lamborghini Countach and sounds like a Shelby Mustang. What better marriage of light Italian coachwork and rumbling American V8 muscle is there than the De Tomaso Pantera? The wedge-like Pantera was pure ‘70s exotica, but its 351 Ford Cleveland V8 engine meant that your local Ford dealer could fix it. Official output was a conservatively rated at 340 horsepower – not bad for a car that weighed some 400lbs less than Ford’s own Mustang.
Not that the early cars were issue-free. Famously, Elvis Presley unloaded his revolver into his bright yellow Pantera after a fight with his then-girlfriend after it failed to start, robbing The King of an emphatic burnout. However, a relative abundance of parts for the power plant made the Pantera more of a survivor than contemporary Italian fare, and purists seem to have little issue with heavily modified versions. After all, hot-rodding is only natural where a large-displacement V8 is concerned. (Photo: Tim Scott/RM Auctions)
1952-54 Cunningham C-3 Continental
As the Jensen Interceptor would do some years later, the Cunningham C-3 took Chrysler V8 firepower and draped a gorgeous European body over it. However, unlike Jensen's effort, the C-3 was designed to go racing.
The custom coachwork was done by Michelotti Vignale, and gives the car a long-nosed look built around the 235hp Chrysler Hemi. The resulting vehicle was no garage queen, however, earning its bona fides at Watkins Glen and contesting the gruelling Le Mans 24 Hours . (Photo: Courtesy Gooding & Company)
1964-74 Iso Grifo
The Griffin is a mythical animal blending eagle and lion in equal measure, the king of the beasts and the lord of the air. Imagine then, a hybrid of the mighty, brutish Corvette, and an airy, high-flying Italian gran turismo.
Thus, the Iso Grifo, a svelte beauty with long gears for high-speed running. At first built around the Corvette 327 V8 running gear, the Grifo's heart would swell to big-block 454 power by the late ‘60s. The change would require a lengthy power bulge on the hood, but the car remained beautiful. Regrettably, the mid-‘70s oil crisis would prompt the shuttering of Iso's business, but strong desirability means that the rare Grifo still soars today. (Photo: Erik Fuller/RM Auctions)
1966 Bizzarrini 5300 GT
The designer for the Grifo, Giotto Bizzarrini, could claim one of the most impressive portfolios of any Italian engineer. Not only did he work as chief engineer at Ferrari on the legendary 250 GTO, he was also responsible for the V12 engine that could go on to be the basis for all early Lamborghini power plants.
Bizzarrini's passion, though, was racing, and from that fire sprang the 5300 GT. Street versions were very rare, but they do exist – such as the one pictured above – and these Stradale models house a 355hp 5.3-litre Corvette V8 under their gorgeously swooping, Bertone-penned bodywork. Race versions put out closer to 400hp, and with painstakingly riveted lightweight aluminium bodywork, it is perhaps even faster than it looks. Top speeds of 180mph were claimed. (Photo: Tim Scott/RM Auctions)
1962-65 Intermeccanica Apollo GT
Based currently in Vancouver, Canada, Intermeccanica is known for its faithful recreations of a German icon, Porsche’s 356. However, the company's origins can be traced back to Turin, Italy, and to a curvaceous Ferrari doppelgänger that was actually assembled in California.
The Apollo GT had bodywork touched by Bertone's Franco Scaglione, but underneath that shape was a sturdy Buick 3.5-litre engine good for 225hp. The bodies were built by Intermeccanica in Turin, not far from the head offices of Fiat Group , and then shipped to Oakland, California, where the drivetrains were fitted. A fairly rare machine, the Apollo nonetheless had some notoriety, with one showing up in Disney's Herbie the Love Bug battling the titular Volkswagen Beetle using every dirty trick in the book. (Photo: Courtesy Intermeccanica)
The red flag: 1989-91 Chrysler TC by Maserati
Take everything good about these cars, and turn it on its head. You’d likely produce something like the Chrysler TC by Maserati, the bitter fruit of the friendship between then-Chrysler head Lee Iaccoca and Alejandro De Tomaso (a relationship which, during Iaccoca’s years at Ford, produced another car on this list, the De Tomaso Pantera). The TC married the panache and head-spinning glamour of the Chrysler “K-car” with the bulletproof reliability of Maserati. And, priced at $33,000 in the US in 1989, it was roughly twice as expensive as Chrysler’s LeBaron convertible, on which it was based – and from which it was virtually indistinguishable.
The TC has come to represent everything that can go wrong when carmakers make strange bedfellows. It was not the fault of the power plant, a 2.2-litre turbocharged four-cylinder engine that made a respectable 200hp, but rather a combination of poor marketing, unremarkable styling and, again, that price tag.
Should Ferrari end up diluting its brand with something this bad – a Ferrari-badged, Chrysler-based compact crossover, perhaps – that vehicle can be dubbed rightfully Montezemolo's Revenge. (Photo: Chrysler Group)
More Slideshows

After bypoll debacle  Shiv Sena tells BJP to stay groundedAfter bypoll debacle, Shiv Sena tells BJP to stay grounded
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014
Print
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena Wednesday described the Sep 13 bypoll results as an "unexpected shock and surprise" and said there are lessons to be learnt from it for the forthcoming Maharashtra assembly elections.
"Don't take the voters for granted... They are very intelligent. Keep your feet on the ground and don't indulge in sword-fights from the air... Otherwise, the people will skin you," the party said in an oblique reference to ally Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in an edit in the party organ 'Saamana'.
The edit came a day after the BJP suffered a setback in Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan bypolls.
"This was entirely unexpected, a shock and a surprise for all," said the editorial.
The Sena said that for the second time in two months, first in Bihar and now in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan, the BJP has suffered shocking reverses, and the surprise beneficiaries have been the Congress and the Samajwadi Party.
"It is a mystery - the voters' mind," the edit admitted.
In the Lok Sabha polls last May, the BJP secured 71 seats in Uttar Pradesh for which credit went to Amit Shah, who later took over as the party president. But the results of the recent bypolls tell a different story.
Even in Rajasthan, where the Congress was completely buried, it is now sprouting as it managed to grab three assembly seats "in Modi's Gujarat, which was entirely unexpected", the editorial said.
In fact, in Uttar Pradesh, the much-discussed issue of 'love-jihad' raked up by Yogi Adityanath had no impact and instead offered an opportunity to the SP to revive itself after the Lok Sabha debacle.
Nevertheless, 'Saamana' said the defeat in the bypolls cannot be attributed to a decline in the "Modi wave" just as nobody is crediting Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi or Rahul Gandhi for the victory the Congress notched.
"Usually, after every election, the winds change... Lok Sabha results cannot influence assembly outcome or the assembly results have no bearing on municipal polls outcome as the issues differ each time," it said.
It lauded Modi for doing a great job on the national and international levels and working to enhance national security and improving the country's image globally.
"He went to Japan, Bhutan, Nepal... played drums and flute with Japanese children, signed agreements for a bullet trains and development of his constituency Varanasi, and is now preparing to meet US President B. Obama," the edit said.
Recommend

100 more Chinese soldiers enter Chumar area100 more Chinese soldiers enter Chumar area
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 10.04PM IST
Tags:
China
(India also rushed some more…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: Chinese army today reportedly made a fresh incursion in Chumar area and refused to return even as a flag-meeting between the two sides is believed to have made no headway in breaking the deadlock.
Official sources said that some of the Chinese troops had returned yesterday and it was generally expected that the others would also retreat to their side of the perceived Line of Actual Control (LAC).
However, as many as 100 more soldiers of Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) arrived from a hillock of Chumar area and strengthened its numbers to nearly 350, the sources said.
Surprisingly, the move came barely few hours ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's arrival in India on a state visit.
India also rushed some more troops in the area and both sides were indulging in repeated banner drill, the sources said.
A Brigadier-level flag meeting, second within a week, was held in Chushul, where the issue of intrusion of Chinese troops in Chumar and civilian intrusion in the Demchok area was discussed, the sources said.
The sources said it was believed that no breakthrough was achieved and the two sides may be meeting again shortly.
Chumar, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with Chinese making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area.
The PLA has been making repeated bids to claim Chumar as part of Chinese territory but has been thwarted every time by the Indian army.
The sources said that vehicular movement on Chinese side was noticed and it was believed that Chinese PLA was indulging in face off tactics only to divert attention of India about construction work being undertaken on their side.
Under the agreement between the two sides, any country indulging in defence construction has to inform the other sides.
Meanwhile, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads - Rebos - had pitched their tents continued. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ikea to invest $500 mn more  eyes 25 stores ...You are here: Home > Collections
Ikea to invest $500 million more in India, eyes 25 stores in 10 years
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 09.52PM IST
(The new stores, each needing…)
MUMBAI: World's largest furniture retailer Ikea today said it has plans to invest Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores in the country over the next decade.
The new stores, each needing investment of around Rs 500 crore, will come in the cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore, the Swedish furniture retailer said.
Ikea India has already got FIPB nod to invest Rs 10,500 crore.
It will mobilise around $500 million more from its global partners for investing in these proposed stores.
"We are looking at investing around Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores at a cost of Rs 500 crore each. We will be mobilising $500 million from our global partners for this venture," Ikea India chief executive Juvencio Maeztu told a retail summit here.
"It is difficult to specify any time-frame when we will set up the first store, still I can say we are working on it and we are in talks with different states and are looking at all major metros for land as we require very large area of land that is near a highway," he added.
The company is likely to set up its first store in Bangalore or Hyderabad within the next couple of years. The company would require very large space as each store will be set up in an area measuring 3,50,000 sqft, he said, adding that it has not yet singled out any city for setting up its first store.
"For now, the priority is the right location and we are focusing on all major metros, the right location and the good price of land, which is important for us to start right," he said.
Typically Ikea operates large format stores located on expressways close to large cities, where it sells various household goods such as flat pack furniture, furnishings etc at relatively lower prices.
Ikea plans to tie up with local suppliers for raw material for its forthcoming stores in the country, Maeztu said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hungary plant to start rolling out by 2017: ...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Apollo Tyres today said it will start rolling out products from its 475 million Euro greenfield plant in Hungary by 2017.
The company's board has approved the setting up of the facility that will have a total capacity of 5.5 million passenger car and light truck (PCLT) tyres and 6,75,000 heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) tyres per annum.
The facility, which will come up at the new industrial zone near Gyongyoshalasz, will produce both, Apollo and Vredestein branded tyres, and will cater to the entire European market , and will complement Apollo Tyres' existing facility in the Netherlands.
"This investment would be our first one into a greenfield facility outside of India and would be a significant milestone in the company's international growth journey. Our aim is to create a benchmark manufacturing facility, which would further increase our competitive strength in the European market," Apollo Tyres Ltd Vice Chairman and MD Neeraj Kanwar said in a statement.
The construction of the plant is expected to start in the spring of 2015 and the first tyre is likely to roll out in early 2017, the company said.
"Apart from providing direct job to 975 people, of which majority would be hired locally, this facility will also lead to creation of indirect jobs and contribute significantly to the development of the region," Kanwar said.
Currently, Apollo Tyres has four manufacturing units in India, three in southern Africa and one in the Netherlands. The combined production capacity of all facilities put together is 1,700 tonnes per day.
The company decided to go ahead with the new plant in Eastern Europe after its failed $ 2.5 billion takeover of US-based Cooper Tire.
Apollo Tyres shares today closed at Rs 201.30 apiece on the BSE , up 2.91 per cent from its previous close.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

IMF readies $127 million for 3 countries bat...IMF readies $127 million for 3 countries battling Ebola
By AP | 18 Sep, 2014, 01.13AM IST
The money would help the three governments deal with rising health and security expenses at a time when Ebola has damaged their economies and reduced tax revenue.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The International Monetary Fund said Wednesday it is preparing $127 million in zero-interest loans to the three African countries hardest hit by the Ebola outbreak - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone .
The money would help the three governments deal with rising health and security expenses at a time when Ebola has damaged their economies and reduced tax revenue.
The loans would cover "a sizeable share" of the $300 million the governments need over the next six to nine months, the IMF said in a statement. The IMF's staff recommended the loans and the fund's board will consider the request early next month.
The $127 million would be on top of existing IMF loans to the three countries.
The World Bank on Tuesday approved a $105 million grant to finance efforts to contain Ebola. The disease is believed to have killed at least 2,400 people in the biggest outbreak ever.
The outbreak is also doing considerable economic damage. As Ebola spreads, farmers leave their fields, shops close and transportation is disrupted.
The World Bank said Ebola will reduce economic growth in Guinea this year to 2.4 per cent from previous expectations of 4.5 per cent growth. Liberia's growth is forecast to slip to 2.5 per cent from 5.9 per cent and Sierra Leone's to 8 per cent from 11.3 per cent.

FT Data: Privacy concernsAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

The Short View: Scots voteSeptember 17, 2014 8:02 pm
Playing the odds with Scottish vote
By James Mackintosh
Polls and punters split on outcome of referendum
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de23dc68-3e85-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Podcast: Swedens poll resultSweden's inconclusive election result Sep 17, 2014 - 1:57 pm
Sweden is facing a period of political instability after an inconclusive election toppled the centre right government of Fredrik Reinfeldt, but left his centre left opponent Stefan Löfven significantly short of a majority in parliament. Fiona Symon spoke to Richard Milne, FT Nordics correspondent, about the result

Bug delays Apple s HealthKit availability on...Bug delays Apple's HealthKit availability on iOS 8
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.32AM IST
Apple's new iPhones have sensors to monitor fitness activities, and its upcoming Apple Watch will have a heart-rate monitor.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc said a bug in its HealthKit health and fitness application platform prevented its release along with the launch of its iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
HealthKit gathers data such as blood pressure and weight from various health apps on Apple devices, and can be viewed by doctors at one place.
Regulated medical devices, such as glucose monitors with accompanying iPhone apps, can send information to HealthKit.
"We're working quickly to have the bug fixed in a software update and have HealthKit apps available by the end of the month," a company spokesperson said in an email on Wednesday.
Apple has also pulled some healthcare apps from its app store that connect with HealthKit such as MyFitnessPal and Carrot Fit .
"The MyFitnessPal app, which supports integration with Apple's HealthKit, was temporarily removed from the Apple Store this morning to address some minor issues," MyFitnessPal said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
"We are working with Apple on a solution and will have an updated version of the app, without the HealthKit piece (for the time being), back on the App Store shortly," the company said.
While HealthKit promises to enhance the process of data-sharing between physicians and those under their care, observers have noted the potential for sensitive data to be abused.
Others are leery of having all their private information stored at one location, susceptible to hackers.
Apple on Wednesday released iOS 8 with new features and updates, just two days ahead of the release of two new iPhone versions showcased last week.

US House approves bill averting govt shutdownUS House approves bill averting government shutdown
By AFP | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.43AM IST
Faced with the need to act before fiscal year 2015 begins, members of the House of Representatives voted 319-108 to keep govt funded at current levels.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: US lawmakers voted Wednesday to extend funding for federal operations into December, likely preventing a repeat of last October's disastrous government shutdown.
Faced with the need to act before fiscal year 2015 begins on October 1, members of the House of Representatives voted 319-108 to keep government funded at current levels until December 11.
The Senate takes up the measure Thursday, and despite deep differences between President Barack Obama's Democrats and opposition Republicans over federal spending, senators are expected to pass the so-called continuing resolution.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell -- one of Obama's chief adversaries in Congress -- have bickered incessantly for the past year, but the leaders appeared united in their desire to see the resolution reach the president's desk.
It is essentially a punt, as lawmakers -- faced with mid-term congressional elections in early November -- have failed to pass legislation laying out next year's spending levels before fiscal year 2014 ends September 30.
Lawmakers have spoken repeatedly of the need to pass the 12 separate appropriations bills once Congress resumes its work after election day.
Number two House Democrat Steny Hoyer said he was grateful that Republicans, widely blamed for the 16-day shutdown last year, were not prepared to push the government to the brink.
"I think they're making a wise decision," Hoyer said on the House floor.
The White House budget office expressed its support, saying the Obama administration "appreciates that the House bill allows critical government functions to operate without interruption and avoids a damaging government shutdown."
In addition to being a short-term funding fix, the continuing resolution also provides for $88 million in funding to address the Ebola epidemic in west Africa, re-authorizes the Export-Import Bank, and crucially provides Obama's Pentagon with authorization to train and arm moderate Syrian rebels in order to battle Islamic State jihadists.

Facebook Dressed Down Over  Real Names  PolicyAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

As flood waters recede in the city  they uncover thedeadSix bodies of one family found in Jawaharnagar in Srinagar, rescue teams fear more.
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:45 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:16 am
House number 354 in a narrow lane in upscale Jawaharnagar in Srinagar has the silence of a grave — and only the dead as its inhabitants: the family of Bihar native and tea-stall owner Jitender Shahe who sits on the pavement outside and mutters, “there is nothing left, there is nothing left ,” as he watches volunteers from a local gurdwara bring from inside the bodies of the ones he loved.
Wife Renu Devi (40), 10-year-old son Amar Kumar, 20-year-old daughter Priyanka Kumari, 18-year-old daughter Saraswati Kumari, his brother Milan Kumar along with his one-year-old son Anshu Baba. The bodies are taken to Rangreth in the city’s outskirts for cremation to the cremation grounds in the city — in Batamaloo — are submerged. Shahe’s sister-in-law Khushbu and 13-year-old daughter Sweety are yet to be traced.
It’s cold comfort but Shahe isn’t alone. The entire Jawaharnagar looks like a city afloat as The Indian Express navigates its narrow lanes on an inflatable boat. House after house tried to stand up to the flood’s fury but couldn’t and so crumbled upon itself, debris sealing off each entrance. Everyone has a question that no one wants to ask: like Shahe’s family, are there other bodies inside?
The answer will take a while coming given the slow pace at which the water level is dipping.
While 23 bodies have been fished out of submerged neighbourhoods in the city, scores are still missing . The state government is still not visible in the city where local volunteers have stepped up their efforts to search for the missing and provide food to the trapped.
Near the Polytechnic College in neighbouring Gogji Bagh — an old Srinagar locality where houses built in British era still dot the streets — a few Fire Brigade vehicles are trying to drain the water but their two small pumps sputter uselessly in the six-foot-deep water.
Around noon, the J&K government sends a few top officers who decide to cut a breach in the bund, an embankment that divides Jawaharnagar from the flood channel on its south. Work was still going on until late in the day.
Tariq Ahmad Wani (25) has come all the way from Chadora in Budgam. A contractor, he carries several bottles of drinking water, packets of biscuits, ready-to-make food and blankets for the family of his friend Ravinder Singh Saini. “I had been trying to reach him (Saini) ever since the flood hit us. Last night, I received a message from him, a desperate message for help,’’ Wani says. “I knew he can’t move because of a continued…

Indian  Chinese Companis Sign 24 MoUs worth $3.4 bnIndian  Chinese Companis Sign 24 MoUs worth $3.4 bn
Weather experts lower El Nio forecastsWeather experts lower El Niño forecasts
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d631b1e-16f6-11e4-8617-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

De facto head of Shanghai FTZ departs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d05cc574-3c8f-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBanks Son tops Japan rich listLast updated: September 17, 2014 4:10 pm
SoftBank’s Masayoshi Son tops Japan rich list
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo and Jennifer Thompson in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/307365bc-3e20-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SOE you think you can reform  the optimists rosterRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Sinopec  SOE near yet SOE far© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/cad2cbf6-3ca5-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expect a relatively dovish message from Fed: SocGenLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect a relatively dovish message from Fed: SocGen
The US Federal Reserve began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Discussing the global markets, Benoit Anne, Managing Director, Head of EM Strategy, Societe Generale, said there are lot of pressure ahead of the FOMC meet simply because a number of global investors are concerned about a potential change in rates.
The US Federal Reserve began its two-day policy meeting on Tuesday. While the Fed has said that it may not raise until 2015, but post the recent upbeat US economic data, there are expectations that the central bank may need to move on rate sooner than anticipated earlier.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Anne said that he believes the stimulus will not be removed and the message “will continue to be on the relatively dovish side and that will ultimately be positive for the risky assets, including the global emerging markets assets.”
Below is the transcript of Benoit Anne’s interview with CNBC-TV18\\'s Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi.
Reema: All eyes will be on the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) outcome tomorrow night. What are the expectations currently baked into the global market in terms of language in particular?
A: Yes, it is very interesting. Of course a lot of pressure and a lot of market stress ahead of that event simply because the number of global investors were concerned about a potential change in language and everybody is focussing on this phrase considerable time that may or may not be removed, I believe it will not be removed and therefore the message will continue to be on relatively dovish and that will ultimately be positive for risky assets including global emerging markets assets.
Sumaira: On the other side of the globe it looks like the starting of a QE in China at least. There are some reports from the media that are indicating that there has been a large injection of liquidity in some of the larger banks in China. How do you view this move and do you think this could be the first step in a larger liquidity program that China could be planning?
A: Yes, this is a very good signal. We are still in the situation where we want to see an easing policy signal and proactive central banks. That to me is very good news. So now we have China and we have the European Central Bank (ECB) that really made a considerable effort well beyond expectations in my view.
So we have got two major central banks that are switching to further easing and we have the Fed that is, I wouldn’t call that tightening much as yet, but the Fed is really slowly moving towards the exit but clearly not as fast as some people think, so overall a pretty positive environment.
Reema: You indicated in your first answer that you expect the Fed to maintain or retain its language of considerable time with respect to this low interest rates by the ECB. So if there is, what could be the extent of a positive reaction if it plays out like that?
A: A relief rally in the near term is quite likely in risky assets. So global equities and, in my words I robustly watch emerging markets (EM) currencies and Asia FX is very well positioned to take advantage of that.
RELATED NEWS

Asian billionaires create wealth fastestAsian billionaires create wealth fastest
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/35394644-3e1a-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maritime silk road a boon for Sri LankaSri Lanka sees benefits of China’s ‘maritime silk road’ plan
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8645737e-3e2d-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swiss watch exporters take long view of ChinaSwiss watch exporters take long view of China
By James Shotter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d453e1c6-cad4-11e3-9c6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBanks US gambleUS may be a gamble too far for Masayoshi Son’s SoftBank
By David Pilling
Japanese company faces tough fight to turn Sprint into a serious US telecoms challenger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2ffcb38-27c8-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China propels diamond sales to $79bnChina propels diamond sales to record $79bn
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6fb7821a-3e4a-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petra sells blue diamond for $27.6mPetra sells South African blue diamond for $27.6m
By James Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85998978-3d8e-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jewellery powerhouses sparkle at the BiennaleSeptember 10, 2014 8:01 pm
Jewellery powerhouses sparkle at the Biennale des Antiquaires
By Gareth Harris
Fifteen established and emerging jewellers are due to participate in the 27th edition of the prestigious art and antiques fair
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76c30f02-31de-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Private concerns and open-plan officesAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Desire for privacy is rising as personal space is squeezed  writes Emma JacobsAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Atlas Shrugged: a cinematic charity caseAyn Rand’s ‘Atlas Shrugged’ becomes a cinematic charity case
Review by Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd7edfea-3dc6-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Has there ever been a weirder film trilogy than the three-part adaptation of Ayn Rands tome  writes Ed CrooksAyn Rand’s ‘Atlas Shrugged’ becomes a cinematic charity case
Review by Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd7edfea-3dc6-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Online classifieds firm Quikr gets $60 milli...Online classifieds firm Quikr gets Rs 367 crore funding
By ET Bureau | 18 Sep, 2014, 02.16AM IST
0
Share More
Quikr raises $60 mn from Tiger Global
Quikr raises $60 mn from Tiger Global
Quikr is a large-scale cross-category online classifieds business with more than 30 million monthly consumer and small businesses users in 940 cities.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Online and mobile classifieds venture Quikr has raised Rs 367 crore, or $60 million, in a round led by hedge fund Tiger Global Management with participation from its current investors.
The current round comes six months after it raised $90 million (Rs 550 crore) from a group led by Swedish investment firm Kinnevik .
One source said the new round may give Quikr post-money valuation of Rs 2,800 crore, or $460 million, while the previous round in March had valued the company at about Rs 1,500 crore, or $240 million.
The new financing round will be used to expand Quikr's mobile business, which contributes over 70% of the traffic and has grown nearly five times in the past one year.
"The explosive growth in mobile internet is fundamentally reshaping the Indian classified internet market and we are well positioned to be at the forefront of this growth," said Pranay Chulet, founder and CEO of Quikr, who declined to comment on his company's valuation. He said Quikr will also be open to acquisitions, especially in the mobile space.
With the current round, Quikr's total fundraise will go to nearly $200 million, or Rs 1,200 crore, making it one of the most heavily capitalised Indian internet companies outside ecommerce. Other investors in the firm include Matrix Partners India , Omidyar Network , Nokia Growth Partners , Norwest Venture Partners , Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc . Avendus Capital advised Quikr on the current round of funding.
"By leveraging the company's strengths as a local player, Quikr has seized a tremendous opportunity in a rapidly growing market," said Lee Fixel, partner at Tiger Global Management. The hedge fund last month invested in a Chinese mobile classified firm Ganji.com and Indian mobile messaging app Hike.
Quikr competes with OLX, owned by South African media giant Naspers. Quikr claims over 30 million monthly users with over 10 million listings on its platform and small businesses users in 940 cities.
Amazon.in : Buy now
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Centre nod for use of satellite phones in Himalayas on September 27Sep 17, 2014 at 08:55pm IST
Centre nod for use of satellite phones in Himalayas on September 27
17
0
New Delhi: To boost adventure tourism, the government is going to give the much-awaited permission for use of satellite phones by adventurers in the Himalayas on September 27, World Tourism Day.
"We have got in-principle approval from the Home Ministry for allowing satellite phones in the Himalayas, where there is no phone connectivity. A policy is being finalised and it is likely to be announced on World Tourism Day," a senior Tourism Ministry official said.
With the government nod, satellite phones-equipped tourists will be able to contact their relatives in case of emergency while trekking in the remote areas of Ladakh, hiking in Sikkim, or exploring the wilderness of the Himalayas spanning across in Arunachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Darjeeling.
There is a long-standing demand from the industry for allowing satellite phones in the Himalayas.
#tracking the modi government #world tourism day #satellite phones #himalayas
There is a long-standing demand from the industry for allowing satellite phones in the Himalayas. However, the official said there are certain conditions being laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs for allowing satellite phones like monitoring of the calls made from these areas and the type of phones to be allowed.
Adventure Tour Operators Association founder member India Ajeet Bajaj said, "It will be a game changer for Indian adventure tourism industry as it will take the adventure related activities in the Himalayas to a new height."
About the proposed call monitoring provision, Bajaj said, "we have no problem at all with it." According to the policy to be announced shortly, the adventure tour operators will be provided satellite phones by the government authorities for use and they would be responsible for its correct use as per the established norms.
According to industry sources, the Himalayas attract about 2 million domestic and foreign adventure tourists in a year who go for skiing, hiking, camping and trekking. The number will go up with the satellite permission as the Himalayan ranges are missing many global tourists due to poor communication facilities.
At present, the ministry is pushing adventure tourism in the country and announced several schemes like bearing the cost of 50 per cent fee of climbers trekking the Himalayas as part of the campaign, "777 Days of the Indian Himalayas", launched last year.
50

Madras High Court seeks details of cyber crime complaintsSep 17, 2014 at 08:20pm IST
Madras High Court seeks details of cyber crime complaints
3
0
Madurai: The Madras High Court on Wednesday directed the cyber crime cell of Tamil Nadu Police to submit to it by September 22 details of complaints received in the past one decade of offences like sharing objectionable photographs of women on the Internet.
The details, including status of the complaints, should be submitted by September 22, Justice N Kirubakaran of the bench said.
Earlier the Superintendent of Police (Cyber cell) submitted details of complaints lodged with its headquarters in Chennai alone. The judge was hearing a petition filed by a 35-year-old married woman from Tuticorin, who charged police with hesitating to initiate action on her complaint against the son of a sub-Inspector, who shared her objectionable pictures on the Internet.
Earlier the Superintendent of Police (Cyber cell) submitted details of complaints lodged with its headquarters in Chennai alone.
#madras high court #cyber crime #social media #tamil nadu police
The SP had yesterday submitted that most e-mail service providers like Gmail, Yahoo and Hotmail; social network service providers such as Facebook, Orkut, Twitter and LinkedIn maintain their servers in the US.
"We depend on these service providers for obtaining Internet Protocol logs, user information and content. We face problems as these service providers refuse to give information either stating legal constraints of their country or due to expiry of stipulated time, the SP had said.
He claimed six cyber crime cells with cyber labs are functional in all six police commissionerates in the state. In Chennai alone, since 2004, it had registered cases only on the basis of 101 complaints, of which 15 related to crimes against women.
3

India to have half a billion internet user by 2020: Google IndiaAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Janet Yellen: Fed balance sheet to take years to shrinkThe Fed's response to the 2008 financial crisis has swollen its balance sheet to more than $4.4 trillion from less than $1 trillion roughly six years ago.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says "it could take until the end of the decade" to shrink the Fed's record investment portfolio to more normal levels.
The Fed's response to the 2008 financial crisis has swollen its balance sheet to more than $4.4 trillion from less than $1 trillion roughly six years ago. Fed officials responded to the downturn in the economy with three rounds of bond purchases to try to hold down long-term borrowing rates to spur spending.
The Fed plans to end its latest round of buying Treasurys and mortgage bonds after its next meeting in October. It would then look to reduce its balance sheet once it begins raising a key short-term rate from its record low near zero.

Wall Street hits session highs on US Fed statementWall Street hits session highs; investors digest Fed statement
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 01.47AM IST
0
Share More
The central bank renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time."
ET SPECIAL:
NEW YORK: US stock were adding to gains on Wednesday, with indexes hitting session highs in the wake of a Federal Reserve statement that followed a two-day policy meeting.
The central bank renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time."
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 45.53 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 17,177.5, the S&P 500 was gaining 5.75 points, or 0.29 per cent, at 2,004.73 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 18.37 points, or 0.4 per cent, at 4,571.13.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rackspace and Lennar Are Big Market MoversAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Size matters to iPhone 6 reviewers 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

North Korea as The Truman ShowNorth Korea resembles ‘The Truman Show’
By David Pilling
One needs to be wary of impressions gleaned from Pyongyang, a showcase city
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6b896d4-3dae-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold prices fall over 1% to new 8-mth lows after FOMCGold prices fall over 1% to new 8-month lows after FOMC
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.14AM IST
0
Share More
Earlier in the session, prices had pierced its previous 8-month low hit on Monday to trade as low as $1,221.46 per ounce.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Gold prices fell more than 1 per cent to fresh eight-month lows on Wednesday as the dollar rallied and investors worried about forecasts that the US Federal Reserve may be readying for faster pace of interest rate hikes than previously projected.
While the Fed's renewed pledge in its policy statement to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" boosted the dollar and US equities, bullion reversed small earlier gains after the Fed forecasts signalled earlier-than-expected increases in interest rates next year.
"The market seems to be focused on the so-called 'dots' where they look at the FOMC's interest rate forecast. That's what the market is looking at despite a pretty even, perhaps dovish result and presser," said Tai Wong, director, metals trading at BMO Capital Markets in New York.
For the end of next year, the Fed's median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
Trading was choppy after the statement and throughout Fed Chair Janet Yellen's news conference, but heavy selling "smacked" futures to fresh lows at 3:45 p.m. EDT (1945 GMT) not seen since January, Wong said.
Ending two straight days of gains, spot gold was down 1.0 per cent at $1,223.78 an ounce by 4:46 p.m. EDT (2046 GMT).
Earlier in the session, prices had pierced its previous 8-month low hit on Monday to trade as low as $1,221.46 per ounce.
US COMEX gold futures for December delivery settled at $1,235.9 an ounce, almost unchanged from Tuesday's close at $1,236.70.
"The FOMC minutes made it clear the trend for higher rates are very much in play," said Bill O'Neill, a partner at commodities investment firm LOGIC Advisors in New Jersey.
Further gains in gold were limited after the Labor Department said earlier US consumer prices fell for the first time in nearly 1-1/2 years in August and underlying inflation pressures were muted.
Bearish investor sentiment was reflected in the flows of SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund. The fund's holdings fell 4.18 tonnes to 784.22 tonnes on Tuesday.
Among other precious metals, silver was down 1.23 per cent at $18.57 an ounce. Platinum dropped 0.84 per cent to $1,356.25 an ounce, while palladium also fell 0.8 per cent to $838.25.50.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Fund managers see Fed raising rates next yearFund managers see Fed raising rates next year
Google  MS lure startups with goodies worth lakhs to beat Amazon in cloud-computingYou are here: Home > Collections > Credits
Google, Microsoft, IBM trying to lure startups with goodies
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.09AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The aim is to compete with…)
BANGALORE: Google, Microsoft and IBM are trying to lure startups with lakhs of rupees worth of goodies in order to compete with Amazon, which is larger than all its competitors combined in the cloud computing space.
Google has launched a program for startups wherein qualified companies would be given $100,000 in cloud credits. Indian startups with revenue of less than half a million dollar and who are a part of Nasscom 10,000 startup program or funded by a select list of venture capital firms would be eligible to apply for the credits. Google has not put a number to the startups it would offer these credits to.
Microsoft similarly is offering startups $60,000 in Azure cloud credits along with its Microsoft Azure for BizSpark Plus Offer for software startups with less than a million dollar in revenue.
IBM is selectively offering cloud credits to startups through its Catalyst program on Softlayer. The credits are offered only to software companies based on their business plan.
Startups are excited with the doles being offered to them from the Internet giants. "I signed up for the Google cloud credits the day it was announced. It would be a big boost for our business," said Arjun Zacharia, Co-founder of Bangalorebased Wooplr, a social discovery & commerce platform. Zacharia is yet to receive the credits from Google. Amazon declined to comment for the story.
As demand for cloud computing is increasing rapidly in India, players such as Google, Microsoft and IBM are trying to disrupt the market, which is currently dominated by Amazon.
According to Gartner, no company is actually able to worry Amazon. AWS is the undisputed leader in the cloud market with a five times higher than the cumulative total of fourteen other providers, including Google and Microsoft.
"If these program deliver on the promise, they will drive competitive pricing and a possible price war for the public cloud," said Naveen Mishra, research director at Gartner.
"Amazon has a huge scale due to its global scale and operation, which drives economies for them and puts them in unique position to deliver aggressive pricing. That is something that is helping them in the price-sensitive Indian market."
With such offers, cloud vendors are also trying to tie-in startups to their platform at an early stage. "Migrating from one cloud platform to the other is extremely difficult and expensive," said Sanchit Gogia, chief analyst at Greyhound Research. "Once a startup is tied to a particular vendor, it will be forced to continue using the service and the platform."
The Google Cloud Computing offer will give a select set of companies with an opportunity to truly scale their business at a stage when $100,000 is probably 5% of the value of the company, says Sanjay Swamy, managing partner, AngelPrime.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indias black money proposals are unreasonable: Australia at G-20Banks
(Proposals are not likely…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India's initiative on the retrospective sharing of information by banks to elicit information about black money at the G-20 meeting later this week is not likely to make much progress with Australia's federal treasurer Joe Hockey saying it may be difficult and costly. Hockey is hosting G-20 finance ministers at Cairns, described as the gateway to Queensland's tropical north.
In an interaction with some reporters ahead of the meeting over the weekend, Hockey said, "Emerging market economies are actually more resilient now. A number of them are in better shape that they were after the financial crisis as many of them have taken measures." He said they would be able to withstand any volatility caused by monetary tightening in the US.
Mexico has taken measures, as has Asia, and that gives them capacity to cope with greater volatility in currencies, he said, adding that another measure of comfort is that the US Federal Reserve is aware of the consequences of its actions for emerging economies. "We talked about this at the meeting in Sydney. (Fed chairman) Janet Yellen has assured emerging market economies that the US Federal Reserve would be mindful of the impact of decisions on emerging markets as they continue with tapering and go to the point of increasing interest rates," he said.
Yellen will attend the G-20 meeting and will directly brief the world's economic powers of its thinking. "I think it is very significant that the chairman is coming to Australia after her meeting and will be able to address the G-20 about any change of policy or decision of monetary adjustment made by the Fed Reserve," Hockey said.
India is keen to get G-20 backing for its demand for retrospective sharing of information on bank accounts to bring pressure on Switzerland that has stalled New Delhi's attempts to unearth black money stashed in secretive Swiss banks. "Retrospective reporting is a big systemic change as banks are in different jurisdictions," Hockey said. "So (it's) very hard to have information prepared in format on a retrospective basis. I think it is unreasonable to have retrospective requirement," Hockey said.
He also strongly denounced protectionist measures, calling them the collective enemy of humanity. "Trade ministers have discussed this twice this year. Let me emphatically say that free trade is the best friend poverty alleviation has. Protectionism is the friend of poverty," Hockey said, citing opening up in China. He added that free movement of professionals was a part of trade liberalisation and Australia would like to have greater access to markets including India for a range of different services.
"Most of the work I suspect will have to come from bilateral agreements rather than multilateral but I live in hope that multilateral agreements can deliver that outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

View: Can PM s success on foreign shores offset the waning Modi wave back homeModi wanes a little at home and waxes abroad
Sep 18, 2014, 04.15AM IST
Tags:
(Modi's dance card is nearly…)
By Chaitanya Kalbag
Sometimes, when the late monsoon clouds hover low, India can be spied through the gloom, as if by happenstance. So many geographies, languages, foods, cultures - and religions - thrown together higgledy-piggledy and powered by a sputtering nationalism that makes us want to be counted among the great powers of the world, rich, strong, and respected. And then you also remember how political a people we are, never tiring of taking sides, or throwing stones at glass houses, and hoping that somebody else's hurt will win us office and patronage. But you also forget that politics is about people and you cannot commoditise people for too long on the basis of religion, language or belief. This is what happened in Uttar Pradesh this week, when the by-elections, rather than acting like balm for a misgoverned populace, became a communal boil that had to be lanced.
Hubris has no permanent home. It travels hand in hand with arrogance from one shelter to another. Both the Congress and Samajwadi parties were guilty of a false sense of security, and had their noses rubbed in the dirt in the April-May elections. The Bharatiya Janata Party won 71 of the 80 Lok Sabha seats from UP. Instead of an inclusive building of its support base, the BJP decided it was too popular now to field either Prime Minister Narendra Modi or party chief Amit Shah in the campaign for the 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat at stake last Saturday. The ruling party decided that the likes of Yogi Adityanath, Sakshi Maharaj, and Sangeet Som (who is accused of complicity in last year's Muzaffarnagar riots and has been granted Z-plus security by the Modi government) were enough to whip up support in UP. That did not happen. Nor did the absent Modi's magic work by telekinesis in Rajasthan or even Gujarat. The BJP can go blue in the face and insist that by-elections are 'local'. Yes, as that canny U.S. politician Tip O'Neill said, all politics is local, but by-elections are a useful barometer for popular sentiment, and it is clear that UP-ites are tired of the near-endemic tension in that state. And yes, the Samajwadi wins were a nice bit of news for Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav exactly mid-way through his term, but he would be foolish to take it as an endorsement of his rule. Two negatives do add up to a positive in a by-election. That does not mean the Yadavs can sleep easy: there will be more elections.
Modi marked his birthday in Ahmedabad with a short speech in Gujarati, but his mind must have been on talks that evening with Chinese President Xi Jinping as they dined under a tent on the Sabarmati riverbank. As has become the leitmotif of the Modi reign, yet another alliteratively named pro-poor scheme was launched to tackle Gujaratis' swavalamban (self-reliance), swashray (independence) and swabhimaan (self-dignity). Indeed, four months after the Lok Sabha elections, it seems sometimes like governance by slogan, marketing by catch-phrase, communication by social media. After keeping the 'news traders' at arm's-length for weeks the government's ministers were instructed to meet selectively with the press to discuss Modi's first 100 days in power, but the PM himself stayed aloof. When he flies to New York next week for the UN General Assembly, he will not carry along a bevy of reporters. He did have to address a press conference during his Japan visit, and the day before Xi's arrival he 'interacted' with a group of Chinese journalists; with them he shared his newest slogan: Inch (India and China) towards Miles (Millennium of Exceptional Synergy). In Tokyo, he revealed to a bemused audience of women university students that he used to send all the expensive gifts he got during his 13 years as chief minister of Gujarat to the treasury to be auctioned. "When I left Gujarat I deposited Rs 78 crore in the state's coffers." Why he chose to announce that figure thus is something only he and his image managers know.
  This week Modi's image is unmistakably larger than life in his hometown, where large billboards carried pictures of him, Xi and Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel. Modi is a dab hand at attracting Chinese investment, and he will do so again, even if on the Hindu calendar Xi's visit falls in the inauspicious Shradh fortnight. Despite the warmth, India has flexed its muscles over the past few days by pushing back a Chinese incursion in Ladakh and unveiling plans to build more roads and military facilities along the disputed border in Arunachal Pradesh. And President Pranab Mukherjee, visiting Vietnam, signed defence and oil-exploration pacts that have rattled the Chinese cage.
Despite these irritants, China is determined to be the $100-billion gorilla in our living room. Xi will sign multi-billion-dollar deals to set up industrial parks, build more Indian railway capacity, and perhaps even sell New Delhi nuclear reactors. A big Chinese state-owned bank announced the day Xi arrived that it would lend IndiGo $2.6 billion to buy 30 new aircraft; this comes on top of the $2.2 billion in Chinese loans to help Anil Ambani buy Chinese power equipment, and $300 million to help the Ruias pull down their debt. Modi says he believes in a new Silk Route with India's biggest trading partner. Modi's dance card is nearly full: at month's end, President Barack Obama will join the long queue of suitors. The last monsoon cloud should have lifted by then.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajeev Kher discusses totalisation pact with US Trade Representative Wendy CutlerRajeev Kher discusses totalisation pact with US Trade Representative Wendy Cutler
Congress marks  100 days of BJP misruleCongress marks  100 days of BJP misrule
Sikka may outline Infosys  SMAC plan with Q2...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka likely to outline Infosys' SMAC plan with Q2 results on October 10
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 01.17AM IST
Tags:
Edgeverve
(Vishal Sikka will likely…)
BANGALORE: Vishal Sikka will likely outline Infosys' strategy, including its positioning in social, mobile, analytics and cloud, when it declares the second-quarter results on October 10, although the management will wait until around April to spell out the milestones on revenue generation from these newer technologies.
The management is also expected to articulate the roadmap for the recently spun-off products, platforms and solutions business - Edgeverve - and how the Bangalore-based firm will implement designthinking, said a senior executive. "We have already discussed design-thinking," said an executive, "and now (on the results day), we will (discuss) what and how we should be doing this and also how we can make our customers more SMAC-ready."
SMAC stands for social, mobility, analytics and cloud, areas which are becoming increasingly critical for technology companies.
Chief Executive Sikka, in his over 25 client meeting over the past two months, has sought to position Infosys as a software exporter which can help clients embrace cloud and mobile on their existing infrastructure.
Sikka's strategy will broadly be similar to the strategy of Infosys founder Narayana Murthy, including cost optimisation, sales effectiveness and delivery effectiveness. However, Infosys under Sikka wants to apply design-thinking to make lines of codes and applications beautiful and user friendly, and the chief executive will explain how thousands of engineers will go through design thinking training in the coming months.
The software exporter for this reason extended the time it will spend briefing investors and analysts from the earlier scheduled one hour to an hour and half on the day of the results.
On the recently spun-off products, platforms and solutions subsidiary, Sikka is to share how he aims to scale up the business, which for now currently accounts for less than 6% of Infosys $8.25 billion revenue. EdgeVerve has 600 engineers and the wholly owned subsidiary expects a "positive rub off for Infosys revenue".
"Like any typical software product, we do believe our offerings will offer us a channel to generate both implementation and maintenance revenue," Sanjay Purohit, chief executive of EdgeVerve, told ET last month. On leadership, Sikka is unlikely to change the current structure of 12 executive vice presidents, until March.
The executive cited earlier said the company will share in greater details, including revenue it expects from some of these measures, only some time during the fourth quarter of this fiscal year. One of the challenges ahead for Infosys is the attrition levels, with observers say continue to remain high.
"My estimate is that attrition is still high and will be higher than the last number (19.5%) for the current quarter," said a Mumbai-based analysts at a domestic brokerage. The analyst expects Infosys to stem this attrition by the end of third quarter this fiscal year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi arrives with a fistful of dollars | Full CoverageXi arrives with a fistful of dollars | Full Coverage
INTEX CLOUD FX: Intexs bold experimentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

U.S. Consumer Prices Fall 0.2% in AugustU.S. Consumer Prices Fall 0.2% in August
Why the by-elections defeat will not upset ModiWhy the by-elections defeat will not upset Modi
Bug forces Apple to delay launch of HealthKit fitness appsBug forces Apple to delay launch of HealthKit fitness apps
Dollar surges to six-year peak on yen  Tokyo stocks cheerDollar surges to six-year peak on yen  Tokyo stocks cheer
LIC to make a Ulip comeback amid surge in equitiesinsurance
(The re-launch of Ulips by…)
MUMBAI: The country's largest investment institution, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), could exceed this year's projection of Rs 55,000 crore for buying stocks as it readies the ground to re-enter the market for unit-linked insurance products, or Ulips, with the upsurge in equities.
Speaking to ET, LIC chairman SK Roy said, "We are very clear that we want to be in the Ulip market. But we are not sure what is the right time to enter." He said that the insurer is working on Ulip products which will be launched with some new features.
Analysts said that the surge in stocks after the national polls in May this year has also prompted LIC to launch Ulip. The re-launch of Ulips by LIC comes a few years after investors shunned this product in the wake of huge losses reported by many insurers which offered the product after the stock markets plummeted. Insurance companies came under fire for what was perceived to be a misleading sales pitch during the past five years.
Distributors pushed the product during the equity boom five years ago, thanks to high commissions. But following a public spat between the securities market regulator Securities & Exchange Board of India and insurance regulatory Development Authority ( Irda ) on oversight of Ulip norms were tightened, prompting many insurers to stop offering the investment product. Private life insurers are dominant players in the Ulip market.
Data released by ratings agency Icra shows that for private insurers, the share of Ulips in their as AUM was 67% against 7.8% for LIC at the end of March 2013.
"Ulip, by nature, is highly sensitive to perception. And perception depends on returns and returns, in turn, depend on timing. So when a Ulip is launched that determines the performance of the product and that will determine the perception about that product," Roy said. "There are instances in LIC's 10-year history, when we have come out with Ulips in a gap of a few months and NAVs are sharply different because it was a question of timing," he added.
Data from Icra shows that LIC has a portfolio of Rs 1.1 lakh crore of Ulips in its total AUM of Rs 14 lakh crore. "It is a better product compared to the past few years due to changes in product guidelines wherein surrender charges and commissions have been lowered," said Karthik Srinivasan, senior vice-president & co-head financial sector ratings at Icra.
The LIC chairman said that LIC has already invested nearly half of what it had projected at the start of the year for the full fiscal year. "Nearly half the year is over and we feel that we should cross Rs 55,000 crore this year," Roy said. But FIIs remain dominant players in the Indian equities market with an investment of Rs 63,580 crore this fiscal year so far against roughly Rs 28,000 crore by LIC. Investments by domestic mutual funds in equities aggregated. Rs 12,456 crore during this period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CPM wins Tripura Assembly bypollE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

MFs Exposure to Software  Bank Stocks Hit All-Time HighNew Delhi: The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In comparison, mutual funds had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July. At current levels, the mutual fund industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data was not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore. According to market participants, mutual funds have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessing a gain of 2.86 per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
 

MFs  exposure to software stocks hits all-time high in AugustSep 17, 2014, 05.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MFs' exposure to software stocks hits all-time high in Aug
In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July. At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MFs' exposure to software stocks hits all-time high in Aug
In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July. At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009.
Post your opinion here
 
The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August. This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks. Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 percent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July. At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 percent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore. According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market. They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified. Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 percent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessed a gain of 2.86 percent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August. Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors. Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
Q

Gemmia Oiltech (India): Outcome of board meetingSep 17, 2014, 08.36 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gemmia Oiltech (India): Outcome of board meeting
Gemmia Oiltech (India) at its meeting held on September 17, 2014, has approved the Board has received the latest Information Memorandum from Naftogaz India Private Limited (NIPL). The Committee. headed by Mr. A. Srinivas, Director and Mr. V. Arunagiri, Director, has requested for more time to submit their proposal to the Board.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gemmia Oiltech (India): Outcome of board meeting
Gemmia Oiltech (India) at its meeting held on September 17, 2014, has approved the Board has received the latest Information Memorandum from Naftogaz India Private Limited (NIPL). The Committee. headed by Mr. A. Srinivas, Director and Mr. V. Arunagiri, Director, has requested for more time to submit their proposal to the Board.
Post your opinion here
 
Gemmia Oiltech (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 17, 2014, has approved the following;1. The Board has received the latest Information Memorandum from Naftogaz India Private Limited (NIPL). The Committee. headed by Mr. A. Srinivas, Director and Mr. V. Arunagiri, Director, has requested for more time to submit their proposal to the Board, either for Merger with NIPL (subject to SEBI approval) or Business Transfer Agreement through issuance of preferenceshares in lieu of cash.Hence the Board has agreed to meet on 29th (Monday) to take a final view.2. Due to age constraints and health reasons Mr. R. Gopalan was unable to travel frequently to Chennai from Bangalore, hence submitted his resignation from the Board. The Board has also accepted the same.Source : BSE

Excel Castronics shifts its registered officeSep 17, 2014, 08.36 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Excel Castronics shifts its registered office
Excel Castronics has informed that the Special Resolution regarding shifting of registered office of the Company from Ahmedabad to Rajkot under section 12(5)(A) of Companies Act 2013. Consequently the new registered office address is Excel Castronics Ltd
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Excel Castronics shifts its registered office
Excel Castronics has informed that the Special Resolution regarding shifting of registered office of the Company from Ahmedabad to Rajkot under section 12(5)(A) of Companies Act 2013. Consequently the new registered office address is Excel Castronics Ltd
Post your opinion here
 
Excel Castronics Ltd has informed BSE that the members of the company through Postal Ballot have passed the Special Resolution regarding shifting of registered office of the Company from Ahmedabad to Rajkot under section 12(5)(A) of Companies Act 2013. Consequently the new registered office address of the Company is:Excel Castronics Limited"The Imperial Heights",B-301/302, 3rd Floor,Opp. Big Bazaar,150 Ft Ring Road,Rajkot-360005.Source : BSE

Ikea to invest $500 mn more in India  eyes 25 stores over the decadeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

J&K: 3 national highways leading to Kashmir Valley opened11
0
Srinagar: The life in flood-hit Kashmir region is limping back to normal as vehicular traffic to the Valley has been restored through three national highways facilitating the resumption of supplies at a massive scale.
The national highways -- Mughal Road, Srinagar-Jammu and Kishtwar-Sinthan have been thrown open for traffic, a spokesman said.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah stressed on providing ration, safe drinking water, blankets, tents, medicine etc to the flood-hit people, besides intensifying the dewatering and sanitation process in the inundated areas, especially in Srinagar city, he said.
The national highways -- Mughal Road, Srinagar-Jammu and Kishtwar-Sinthan have been thrown open for traffic, a spokesman said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #highways
The Chief Minister is monitoring the situation and holding daily review meeting with senior officials. At a meeting today, Omar was told that the flood water in the many waterlogged areas of the city is being drained into natural channels through high volume suction pumps and cuts, which is followed by massive cleaning up drive.
"Scores of animal carcasses have also been disposed and the drive is going on war footing," the spokesman said. The Chief Minister was told that water supply schemes including 30 million gallons per day (MGD) at Rangil, 19 MGD at Nishat and 6 MGD at Alastang are functioning normally and supplying  potable water to the people.
"Efforts are on to restore the Mehjoor Nagar and Padhshahi Bag water supply schemes. Despite having suffered damages, 19 MGD Doodganga and 4 MGD Pokhribal schems are also being made operational shortly," the spokesman added.
Water supply has been fully restored in South Kashmir towns of Anantnag, Pulwama, Shopian and Kulgam while as it has been partially restored in Pampore. Tankers have been pressed into service in Kupwara and Sopore areas in North Kashmir where PHE schemes have been badly hit, the Chief Minister was told.
It was told in the meeting that 99 truckloads of relief material have been dispatched from Srinagar Airport on Tuesday besides 50 truck ration has been pushed into Srinagar by CAPD department and 70 truck loads are expected to be sent on Wednesday.
Similarly 69 trucks of ration has been sent to Baramulla, Budgam and Pulwama districts on Tuesday. The Chief Minister directed the Divisional Commissioners of Jammu and Kashmir to utilise Rs 200 crore each released to them for carrying out immediate temporary restoration work and meeting other relief needs.
On power supply, the Chief Minister was told that 70 per cent power supply has been restored in the Srinagar city and in other areas the supply will be restored as soon as water recedes from these areas.
The Chief Minister was told that 12 lakh vials of anti-measles vaccine and 3,000 vials of anti-rabies vaccine are expected to reach Srinagar shortly. Other cleaning and disinfecting agents like phenyl and fumigation sprays are also on way to Srinagar.
0

With agreement on prices  India and Pakistan set to seal gas dealWith agreement on prices, India and Pakistan set to seal gas deal
AMITI SEN
Consensus emerges on payment guarantee issue too
New Delhi, September 17:  
India will soon be ready to seal a deal with Pakistan for sale of liquefied natural gas (LNG) to the country as a consensus on pricing seems to have emerged.
Pakistan wanted India to revise the price that was offered initially, while New Delhi had insisted on a sovereign payment guarantee.
“There is just one more meeting that is required to finalise the deal and after that India will be ready to sell gas to its neighbour,” a Government official told Business Line.
Landed cost of imported gas on India’s LNG terminals in August averaged at about $15/mmBtu (long term), while spot rates were $16/mmBtu, this is excluding re-gasification, local taxes and levies, transmission charges, marketing margins. With these components, the rate of the gas for the end consumer is around $18-$20/mmBtu.
Pakistan has decided to do away with the customs duty component. “Both issues (pricing and payment guarantee) have been settled. Pakistan will be getting gas from India at a price much lower than what it is getting from other sources at present,” the official added.
Sales will start once the pipeline from Jalandhar to Wagah to transport the gas is in place which could take up to a year.
Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas (Independent Charge) Dharmendra Pradhan had recently told Parliament that negotiations are under way between GAIL (India) and Inter State Gas Systems, Pakistan, for supply of 5 million metric standard cubic meter a day (mmscmd) of gas to Pakistan for a period of five years.
This is part of the trade liberalisation road-map entered into by the two countries in September 2012.
According to the proposal, GAIL would lay 110 km pipeline infrastructure from Jalandhar to Amritsar/Attari border.
The LNG to be sold to Pakistan will be imported through terminals in Maharashtra or Gujarat and transported to Jalandhar using GAIL’s existing pipeline network.
“It is a win-win for both sides as India is getting to use its existing facilities to draw greater economies of scale while Pakistan is getting gas cheaper,” the official said.
Power sale
Talks for sale of power to Pakistan are also progressing well. “We are looking at an islanding model through which a small part of Pakistan’s grid can get connected with the Indian grid system. Our studies show that the technology will also allow seamless switching off from the grid for Pakistan, in case there is a shortage on our side,” the official explained.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Need policies that make poor self-reliant: Modi11 schemes for women, labourers and artisans launched in Gujarat
Gandhinagar, September 17:  
On his birthday, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed the need to have policies that make the poor and downtrodden self-reliant and help them live with dignity.
Addressing a function held by the State Government at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Modi stated that “unfortunately” the previous governments ran schemes and programmes that made poor more dependent instead of making them self-reliant.
“If there were no government schemes, they (poor) get no work and starve. Can we not change this situation? All that the poor need is an opportunity. That will make them self-reliant and ultimately make them proud of themselves. Self-respect of this country depends on self-respect of each of the 125-crore people of India,” he told the gathering at ‘Swavalamban Abhiyan’ programme, where he launched 11 schemes for women, youth and the poor.
The 11 schemes include financial assistance to women members of milk cooperatives for procurement of equipment and setting up of ‘Dudh Ghar’. Schemes were also launched for granting financial assistance to labourers for building houses and meeting medical expenses, and interest subsidy to young entrepreneurs and artisans.
Modi also launched a scheme for issuing Tablets to students who have opted for computer courses at Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs). About 1,000 students from across the State will benefit from the scheme.
Women empowerment
 The Prime Minister also emphasised on women’s role in Gujarat’s milk revolution. He stated that the schemes announced by the Gujarat Government would empower women and give them financial independence.
 “Gujarat has earned a reputation in the dairy and milk cooperative sector. It is the hard work of women which made it possible. These women, who own 20-40 cows each are at the root of Gujarat’s success in milk revolution,” Modi said in his address.
 After becoming the Prime Minister this was Modi’s first visit to Mahatma Mandir, which was his brainchild and one of the ambitious projects that he personally took interest in. Farmers, labourers and youth from across the State attended the function and greeted Modi on his birthday.
 Gujarat Governor OP Kohli, Chief Minister Anandiben Patel and other senior ministers and government officials of the State were present at the event.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

U.S. man charged with aiding ISUpdated: September 18, 2014 02:59 IST
U.S. man charged with aiding IS
Narayan Lakshman
act of terror
A Yemen-born naturalised citizen of the U.S. was slapped with a seven-count indictment on Tuesday, for attempting to provide material support to the jihadist militant group Islamic State, and for the attempted murder of members of the U.S. military.
The indictment of Mufid Elfgeeh (30) of Rochester, New York, by a federal grand jury was announced by U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and included charges relating to the possession of firearms equipped with silencers “in furtherance of a crime of violence.”
Elfgeeh’s plot to support IS, which controls swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria and recently faced worldwide condemnation for beheading two American journalists and a Briton, appeared to have been unravelled by a sting operation led by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation.
According to court documents, Elfgeeh planned to extend financial and logistical assistance to IS, and also intended to “shoot and kill members of the U.S. military who had returned from Iraq.”
The charging of Elfgeeh, whose case revives concerns here that a growing number of U.S. citizens were joining the cohorts of foreign fighters flocking to the ranks of IS, came after he first discussed the idea of shooting U.S. military members in December 2013 and said to a “confidential source,” that he was thinking about getting a gun and ammunition, putting on a bulletproof vest, and “just go[ing] around and start shooting.”
In addition to the weapons-related charges, the allegations against Elfgeeh include the charge that in 2013 and early 2014 he encouraged two confidential sources to travel overseas to engage in “violent jihad,” and sent $600 to an individual in Yemen to help that person travel from Yemen to Syria for jihadi warfare alongside IS.
Elfgeeh’s arrest, on May 31, 2014, came after one confidential source accepted $1,050 in cash from Elfgeeh and delivered to him the two handguns equipped with silencers and ammunition that he had requested.
As soon as he took possession of the weapons, which the FBI made inoperable before the handover, the Rochester Joint Terrorism Task Force moved in to apprehend him.
 “We will remain aggressive in identifying and disrupting those who seek to provide support to ISIL and other terrorist groups that are bent on inflicting harm upon Americans,” said Attorney General Holder, using an alternative acronym for the jihadist group.
He added, “As this case shows… we are focused on breaking up these activities on the front end, before supporters of ISIL can make good on plans to travel to the region or recruit sympathisers to this cause.”
The material support charges each carry a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison, the attempted murder charge carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison, the firearms possession charge carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 30 years and a maximum of life in prison, and the firearm silencer charges each carry a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison, the U.S. Department of Justice noted.

Lalitha Kumaramangalam appointed NCW chairpersonNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 17:25 IST
Lalitha Kumaramangalam appointed NCW chairperson
Smriti Kak Ramachandran
The Hindu Lalitha Kumaramangalam. File photo.
TOPICS
government
The Union Ministry of Women and Child Development has appointed BJP national executive member Lalitha Kumaramangalam as the new chief of the National Commission for Women (NCW).
Hours after the Union Women and Child Development (WCD) Minister Menaka Gandhi announced her appointment here, Ms. Kumaramangalam spoke of her keenness to mainstream the gender issue in a holistic manner. Speaking to The Hindu, she said: “I am very glad and honoured to have been given this responsibility. I want to mainstream the gender issue in every developmental activity. Gender issues are usually reduced to man versus woman, but I want to address it in terms of allowing women access to all and every development activity, whether it is access to sanitation, or smart cities.”
Ms. Kumaramangalam also stressed on creating an atmosphere of “respect” for women. She said while there are many terms like “empowerment, autonomy and freedom” used to vis-à-vis gender issues and equality, there is need to ensure that women are treated with respect. “Where there is respect, there will be rights ensured. It is very important for society to respect women and give them their space. Gender issue, is a human issue, it has nothing to do with politics,” she said.
Ms. Kumaramanglam is an alumnus of St. Stephen's College and has Delhi and has an MBA from Madras University. She runs Prakriti, an NGO and contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2004 and 2009.
PTI adds:
“(Ms.) Kumaramangalam has been appointed as the NCW chairperson and we would like to welcome her,” Union Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi said, days after she had disapproved the practice of “political appointees” in the Commission.
Giving more details, Ms. Gandhi said that Ms. Kumaramangalam runs an NGO called Prakriti. “She comes from Tamil Nadu. She has a very illustrious lineage, she is Mohan Kumamaramangalam’s daughter,” she added.
The Minister was asked if Ms. Kumaramangalam had any BJP affiliations. “(She) does have affiliations but not... in the sense that she has stood for elections twice, but that’s about it,” Ms. Gandhi said.
Asked about the reasons for the choice, Ms. Gandhi replied that “This has been decided by the government and the Prime Minister. I know her, I have met her and she is very strong, very forceful in her advocacy of women’s needs. I am sure she will be a great asset to the NCW.”
When asked about her idea to appoint a judge as the chairperson of NCW, Ms. Gandhi replied, “It is in a state of limbo.” However she did not elaborate on any specific reason because of which it is pending.
The proposal, which is aimed at enhancing the powers of the Commission, is awaiting approval from the Law Ministry.
Denying any communication gap between her ministry and the Law Ministry, Ms. Gandhi said, “I think they (Law Ministry) have their views on it and perhaps we should at some point work through those views.” Ms. Gandhi after taking charge had said that her Ministry wants to bring NCW on par with National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to effectively deal with cases of violence and harassment against women.
The WCD has proposed more powers for the NCW including giving it powers to investigate, search, seize, issue warrant and arrest in matters of domestic violence, police apathy and sexual harassment at work place.

Gas price panel discussion today  $6-7 per unit likelyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Goa mining case makes its apex court comebackE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scotland votes today: Excitement  anxietymountingOn the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren says she “can almost taste’’ independence. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburgh (scotland) | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:57 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 7:47 am
Excitement and anxiety are mounting in Scotland on the final day of campaigning before an independence referendum.
Supporters of separation feel they are within touching distance of victory, but wonder whether their surge in the polls will be enough.
Voters who want to stay in the United Kingdom fear the country they live in may soon cease to exist.
The campaign has been peaceful, if heated. But the gravity of the imminent decision is hitting home as political leaders make their passionate final speeches on Wednesday.
Cathy Chance, who works for Britain’s National Health Service in Edinburgh, says she’ll leave Scotland if it becomes independent: “I don’t think the world needs another political barrier.’’
On the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren says she “can almost taste’’ independence.

Gold prices dip in Asia as Fed rate hike prospects next year weighSep 18, 2014, 04.26 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold prices dip in Asia as Fed rate hike prospects next year weigh
Gold prices dip in Asia as Fed rate hike prospects next year weigh
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold prices dip in Asia as Fed rate hike prospects next year weigh
Gold prices dip in Asia as Fed rate hike prospects next year weigh
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices fell further in Asia on Thursday as prospects for a Federal Reserve hike in interest rates next year weighed on investors.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at $1,218.00 a troy ounce, down 0.49%, after hitting an overnight session low of $1,228.40 and off a high of $1,239.90.
Overnight, gold prices fell as markets digested the Federal Reserve's September statement on monetary policy, with investors questioning the dovish degree of the language.
The Federal Reserve said earlier it was leaving its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.00-0.25% and added it would likely close its monthly bond-buying program in October.
Prior to Wednesday's policy statement, the Fed was buying $25 billion in Treasury debt and mortgage-backed securities a month to stimulate the economy, a monetary policy tool known as quantitative easing that aims to suppress long-term interest rates.
The Fed decided earlier to trim that figure to $15 billion and will likely close it at its Oct. 28-29 meeting.
Monetary stimulus tools tend to boost gold prices, as the yellow metal serves as a hedge to lower interest rates and a weaker dollar.
Still, the Fed added it won't rush to raise interest rates due to headwinds still facing the labor market, dovish language that would otherwise support the precious metal.
Gold fell anyway, as investors bet that interest rates still remain on track to rise in 2015.
Silver for December delivery was down 0.23% at $18.493 a troy ounce. Copper futures for December delivery were flat at $3.135 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Gold moves lower as market digests Fed statementSep 18, 2014, 12.42 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold moves lower as market digests Fed statement
Gold moves lower as market digests Fed statement
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold moves lower as market digests Fed statement
Gold moves lower as market digests Fed statement
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices fell on Wednesday as markets digested the Federal Reserve's September statement on monetary policy, with investors questioning the dovish degree of the language.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at 1,231.80 a troy ounce during U.S. trading, up 0.40%, up from a session low of $1,228.40 and off a high of $1,239.90.
The December contract settled up 0.13% at $1,236.70 on Tuesday.
Futures were likely to find support at $1,226.30 a troy ounce, Monday's low, and resistance at $1,243.20, last high from Sept. 4.
The Federal Reserve said earlier it was leaving its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.00-0.25% and added it would likely close its monthly bond-buying program in October.
Prior to Wednesday's policy statement, the Fed was buying $25 billion in Treasury debt and mortgage-backed securities a month to stimulate the economy, a monetary policy tool known as quantitative easing that aims to suppress long-term interest rates.
The Fed decided earlier to trim that figure to $15 billion and will likely close it at its Oct. 28-29 meeting.
Monetary stimulus tools tend to boost gold prices, as the yellow metal serves as a hedge to lower interest rates and a weaker dollar.
Still, the Fed added it won't rush to raise interest rates due to headwinds still facing the labor market, dovish language that would otherwise support the precious metal.
"On balance, labor market conditions improved somewhat further; however, the unemployment rate is little changed and a range of labor market indicators suggests that there remains significant underutilization of labor resources," the Fed said in its statement.
"It likely will be appropriate to maintain the current target range for the federal funds rate for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends, especially if projected inflation continues to run below the Committee's 2 percent longer-run goal, and provided that longer-term inflation expectations remain well anchored."
Gold fell anyway, as investors bet that interest rates still remain on track to rise in 2015.
Meanwhile, silver for December delivery was down 0.36% at $18.653 a troy ounce, while copper futures for December delivery were down 0.55% at $3.149 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Evoking Obama  Scottish  Yes  camp full of hope at last rallyEvoking Obama  Scottish  Yes  camp full of hope at last rally
Snapdeal may be Alibaba s cheat code into Indian e-commerceYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba in funding talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail space
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 07.12AM IST
Tags:
(If Alibaba enters the Indian…)
By: Aditi Shrivastava and Varun Sood
BANGALORE: China's Alibaba has been in talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail industry, according to two people aware of the development. Alibaba, whose mammoth share sale in the US is underway, is considering investment in Snapdeal as one of its options while it sizes up the online consumer market in this country. "India is a huge opportunity for Alibaba," said a person directly aware of the matter.
"Eventually it will look at entering the business-to-consumer space in India and talks are on." The Chinese company, which is expected to be valued at over $165 billion (Rs 10 lakh crore) at the conclusion of its initial public offer, has discussed a possible investment with Snapdeal, though both firms are yet to reach any conclusion, said the person.
So far, Alibaba has only been linking Indian merchants with overseas buyers and sellers. If it enters the Indian online retail space by aligning with Snapdeal, it will be competing directly against market leader Flipkart and Amazon. While the Chinese company would be a late entrant, it has the advantage of size — by sales Alibaba is bigger than Amazon and eBay combined — and cash (it will raise up to $25 billion in the IPO this week).
"We are currently in a quiet period," said Pamela Munoz, manager (international corporate communications) at Alibaba, in reply to an email query on the developments. One source estimated that Snapdeal could raise up to $300 million in a potential round of fund-raising.
So far this year, Delhi-based Snapdeal has raised a total of $233 million in two rounds of investments, which saw participation from eBay and billionaire Azim Premji's family office Premji Invest. The last round in May valued the firm at $1 billion.
Snapdeal, one of India's biggest online marketplaces, is also attracting attention from other Asian conglomerates including Japan's largest ecommerce company Rakuten and communications provider SoftBank, according to sources in the investment banking community.
Snapdeal, in which former Tata Group head Ratan Tata has a personal investment, could well be the vehicle to infuse a predominantly Asian flavour to Indian online retail, expected to be worth Rs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to market rating agency Crisil. Aspokeswoman for Snapdeal declined comment for this report.
However, in an earlier interview with ET, co-founder Kunal Bahl had said that while "lots of external investors are interested in this space, and are very interested in Snapdeal", his company will "decide when is the right time to raise money, from whom, how much and at what value".
Bankers are of the view that Rakuten's aggressive track record of acquisitions this year, including messaging app Viber and rebate site Ebates, purchased last week, makes it a prime contender in the investment sweepstakes for Indian Internet commerce. For Softbank, any potential deal could hinge on approval from local partner Bharti Group.
SoftBank and Rakuten did not reply to emailed queries on the developments.
  In the run-up to its IPO, Alibaba, founded in 1999 by Jack Ma, has taken the fight to Amazon in its home market by launching a portal for US consumers. In India, the battle could only intensify as Alibaba seeks to enter the consumer space, after four years of growing business-to-business commerce.
Amazon, which began its Indian operations by setting up an online marketplace in 2013, is expected to soon enter the online wholesale trade by setting up a portal for business ecommerce.
The entry of global juggernauts is expected to further intensify competition in the Indian online industry, where the home-grown online portals, including Flipkart and Snapdeal, have rapidly increased investments in innovation, technology and advertising in the last year.
Snapdeal, which could be valued at up to $4 billion in its next round of investment according to industry observers, will only gain from this. "Flipkart has already set the industry benchmark at a valuation of $7 billion," said Raja Lahiri, apartner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha polls: BJP  Shiv Sena  Cong & NCP may go solo | Why bypolls don t matterBJP
(The political situation…)
MUMBAI: Even after the bypoll results administered a shock to BJP, a strong section of the state unit wants to go it alone in Maharashtra polls to 'maximise gains' and assume power with a new set of allies.
After the Lok Sabha results, Sena-BJP's return to power in Mumbai was considered a mere formality. However in four months, the political situation has turned dramatically, with a four-cornered contest looking very much possible.
Leaders from Sena and BJP are on the verge of breaking the alliance as BJP's confidence in a Modi wave has been goading leaders to abandon its oldest poll partner.
The fate of the Congress-NCP alliance also seems to depend on the Sena-BJP alliance. Many Congress and NCP leaders believe that if the Sena-BJP alliance breaks up, the Congress and NCP can also afford to go it alone.
"Our analysis shows that if we contest alone, we would be getting more than 100 seats, why should we have an alliance with the Sena and get only 119 seats to contest, out of which we would be only able to win around 70 to 80 seats? What is the use of contesting in an alliance if it is going to only hurt our electoral prospects, asked a BJP leader.
Two days back Nationalist Congress Party leader Ajit Pawar had said that he was envisaging a situation where all major political parties would contest elections on their own.
A huge section of Congress leadership in the state is also not in
favour of an alliance with NCP if the Sena-BJP tie up doesn't work out.
"NCP has barely managed to get two more Lok Sabha seats and on that basis it wants an equal tie up, if the Sena-BJP alliance doesn't work then we don't have to worry about secular votes getting split as the anti incumbency votes would also be split. While it is sure that we would lose power, at least it would show NCP where it actually stands, because if it contests alone it won't get more than 40 seats," said a senior Mumbai Congress leader.
Political analyst Yuvraj Mohite, however, said that the going alone talks were only posturing. "NCP has not been seeing attacking the Shiv Sena of late. They could be trying to gauge the mood of how the public would perceive if they go along with the Sena," said Mohite. He added that he doesn't see the Sena-BJP alliance ending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Midcaps high on FII to see correction ahead of Fed policyAnand Rathi Group
MUMBAI: Is it a good time to exit mid-cap stocks with high foreign institutional investor (FII) holding? As the US Federal Reserve debates over the possibility of interest rate hikes, there are some concerns brewing over the prospect of many mid- and small-cap stocks that have benefited from the gush of overseas portfolio inflows in the last many months. Brokers and analysts said many of these stocks are vulnerable to sharp selloffs if the Fed decides to increase rates earlier-than-expected.
"The fundamentally weak midcaps can see correction anywhere between 15-20%, and quality midcaps around 5%, if the US Federal Reserve meeting outcome upsets global market sentiment," said Devang Mehta, senior vice-president & head of equity sales advisory at Anand Rathi Group . Many mid-cap stocks such as Jain Irrigation, NCC, India Cements, Manappuram Finance , HDIL, SKS Microfinance , in which FII ownership has risen to as high as 45%, have surged over 250% in the past one year.
The ET Midcap Index has surged 79% and ET Smallcap Index 99% over the last one year. Both the indices have outperformed the Sensex , which has gained 36% over the same period. "We are concerned the way midcap companies without much fundamentals have rallied over the past couple of months," said Kunj Bansal , ED & chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management. "There is historically evidence that midcaps crack in bigger proportion compared with large caps, whenever global markets face liquidity crunch, hence investors need to be watchful," Bansal added.
In recent days, traders have turned cautious and investors have pared their bullish bets, especially in midcaps with weak earnings prospects. "We have seen FIIs shuffling their portfolio to quality names from fundamentally weak stocks as the cyclical and high-beta midcaps which had surged about 2-3 folds since April-end have seen correction," said Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer at RBS -private banking. "The markets may give knee-jerk reaction if the US Federal Reserve hints at earlier than expected interest rate hike."
Analysts said despite the rallies in these stocks, many of the companies are yet to see earnings turnaround. For instance, NCC and India Cements both have run up losses in first quarter earnings of this fiscal (Q1 FY15) while FIIs own over 36% in these companies.
Jain Irrigation, where FIIs own about 40% of its equity, is currently trading at 61 times to its 12-month P/E multiple, which analysts say is expensive. "The challenge is to identify midcaps with promising management that have potential to transform themselves into big league, with strong parameters such as ROEs & cash flows," said Dilip Bhat, joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Public firm NBCC makes five-fold gains in one yearconstruction
(On Wed, the stock surged…)
MUMBAI: Investors, who put in money in state-owned construction firm National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) a year ago, are laughing their way to the bank. NBCC shares have soared five-fold in the past one year, making it one of the best performers among public sector companies.
Today, the stock surged about 14% in intraday trade.
On Wednesday, the stock surged almost Rs 96, or 19%, to close at Rs 611, surpassing its consensus target price by analysts of Rs 539 per share. At the start of the sharp upswing in the stock a few months ago, a few leading names of Dalal Street had lapped up the stock.
Veteran broker Ramesh Damani, who had recommended the stock earlier, said he liked the stock because it was trading at cheap valuations and the company has strong earnings visibility. "NBCC enjoys negative working capital, cash rich balance sheet and has a strong order book at about Rs 17,000 crore, 4.2 times its FY14 revenues," said Damani. "The stock could go up further as visibility of future earnings is high given the huge opportunity size in the business," he said.
Brokers said the lower outstanding shares have also aided the surge in the stock. As on June 30, 2014, the government held 90% of the equity while institutions held 2%.
The company achieved 'Navratna' status in June 2014. Since then the stock has exactly doubled. The Navratna status will allow NBCC to partner with firms in the foreign markets and will also give more autonomy in investment decisions of up to Rs 1,000 crore.
Analysts said the order that NBCC secured to develop the Waqf properties has been noted by investors. The total area under Waqf properties all over India is estimated at about 6 lakh acres and many of these properties are on prime land. "This development is a big positive for the company as Waqf properties have a huge potential of generating considerable returns over the years," said Dipen Shah, head of research, Kotak Securities . NBCC is one of the very few public sector companies engaged in the three verticals of project management consultancy, engineering, procurement and construction EPC and real estate development business.
"Since most of government agencies don't have an extended project execution arm to undertake various civil construction projects, NBCC is in a sweet spot, given its execution abilities," said Vinod Nair, head of equity research, Geojit BNP Paribas. "A real estate business with huge land bank, large re-development projects on the anvil, healthy financials backed by growth in business and margins make a case for an excellent investment," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Militants urged Australian  demonstration killings : PM AbbottMilitants urged Australian  demonstration killings : PM Abbott
Catch Hrithik Roshan do a Michael JacksonCelebrity
'Bang Bang' raking in big money at the box office
The film starring Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif has been directed by Siddharth Anand and produced by Fox Star Studios.
Bang Bang beat Jab Tak Hai Jaan to become the 5th most grossing film of all time in overseas territories. It has collected 12.2 million dollars so far (75.1 crore), the highest GBO earner in 2014.

No official complaint on  love jihad  so far: Maneka GandhiPrint
Union Minister for Women and Child Development, Maneka Sanjay Gandhi at a press conference, in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 6:17 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 6:28 pm
Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi on Wednesday said her ministry has not received any official complaint relating to ‘love jihad’, but as an MP she has been apprised of a few such cases.
Asked about the issue of “love jihad”, Gandhi said at a press conference here, “…We have had no official complaint in the ministry, so as a minister, I cannot say that we have…”
“However, as a Member of Parliament, in my constituency people have come and complained to me and there have been about seven to eight such cases which we have referred to the police. So I am going to separate the two,” she added.
ALSO READ:  Money from slaughter trade goes into killing us: Maneka Gandhi 
Responding to another question, Gandhi sought to clarify her earlier controversial remarks suggesting that money earned from illegal animal slaughter was being used for perpetrating acts of terrorism.
Gandhi said she was quoting from a report of the Uttar Pradesh police. She also said that a leading daily had put that report of the UP police on its front page.
She was asked to comment on the reversals suffered by her party in the recent bypolls, especially in UP. “That’s so sad, I work so hard. I can’t answer a political question here because I am confined to the ministry. But as far as I know, I work really hard and that’s not fair,” she said.
Asked whether she would like to comment on the absence of star campaigners, including her son Varun, during the bypolls, she said, “Absolutely not”, and then quipped “….okay, so now we are just going to bring him back”.
"However, as a Member of Parliament, in my constituency people have come and complained to me and there have been about seven to eight such cases which we have referred to the police. So I am going to separate the two," she added.

Assam ex-DGP Barua was an upright officer: Tarun GogoiPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 8:30 pm
Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday deeply mourned the tragic demise of former state DGP Shankar Barua who ended his life by committing suicide after his name was implicated in the sensational multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
ALSO READ:  Linked to Saradha scam, Assam ex-DGP Shankar Barua commits suicide
Terming the demise of Barua as ‘unfortunate’, chief minister Gogoi said, “He was an upright and efficient police officer who discharged his duties conscientiously and assiduously.” Barua had shot himself at his residence here on Wednesday afternoon.
Barua’s last rites were performed at the Navagraha cremation ground here on Wednesday evening, with his two sons lighting the pyre. His eldest son Kaushik Barua is a Delhi-based writer who had won the Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar in the English language category for his novel ‘Wild Horse.’
Earlier, officials of the state government including those of the Assam Police paid tributes to his mortal remains at the 4th Assam Police Battalion headquarters at Kahilipara where his body was taken after conducting the post-mortem examination. State chief secretary Jitesh Khosla laid a wreath on behalf of chief minister Gogoi. The Assam Police also gave a gun salute. (ends)

Modi gifts copy of Gita in Chinese to Xi at Sabarmati AshramPrime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with the Chinese President Xi Jinping during the signing of agreements in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Source: PTI Photo
PTI | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:01 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping, who kicked off his India visit today from Gujarat, visited the Sabarmati ashram of Mahatma Gandhi here where Prime Minister Narendra Modi gifted him a copy of the Gita written in Chinese language.
Xi was received by Modi and Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel on the gates of tranquil Sabarmati Ashram, located in the Sabarmati suburb adjoining the Ashram Road, on the banks of river Sabarmati.
Modi and Patel offered cotton garlands to Xi and accompanied him to different rooms in the ashram which was home of the Mahatma for about 12 years and his wife Kasturba Gandhi.
Later, Xi paid homage to an idol of Gandhi there. Modi also explained Gandhi’s writings in Hindi and English, to the Chinese President on the occasion.
According to the trustees of Sabarmati Ashram, Xi wrote in Chinese in the visitors’ book.
Xi also visited Gandhi’s personal room ‘Hridayakunj’ and offered a cotton garland to Gandhi’s picture.
Modi also presented mementos, including books and a painting on Gandhi, to Xi on the occasion.
“The Sabarmati Ashram Trust presented a replica of the charkha, originally used by Gandhi during his stay in Yervada jail near Pune, to the Chinese President. Xi was also given a copy of the original certificate, given to Gandhi by the people of Chinese origin in South Africa in 1915,” said trustee of the Ashram Kartikeya Sarabhai.

Kerala migration survey 2014: State s youth still fly abroad for livelhoodPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:54 pm
The Kerala Migration Survey-2014 has found that flow of Keralites to abroad still continues mainly because of the state’s inability to provide suitable jobs for the increasing number of educated youths and the glamour associated with Gulf emigration was still strong among the state’s youth.
The study was conducted by Profs K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released here on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.
“Kerala is not able to create enough jobs suitable for an increasingly larger number of youngsters with a secondary or higher level of education. As long as the employment conditions in Kerala (among the educated youths) does not improve, more of the Kerala youngsters could be expected to try their luck abroad,’’ said the study.
Besides, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still very strong among the Kerala youngsters. This is an important positive factor in their decision to emigrate instead of working in the state.
The sample size of the survey was 14,575 households distributed across Kerala. The reference point in the study is taken as March1, 2014, which is three years after the previous study in 2011.
The number of Kerala emigrants as estimated by the migration survey in 2014 is 23.63 lakhs. The corresponding number was 22.81 lakhs in 2011, 21.93 lakhs in 2008, 18.38 lakhs in 2003 and 13.62 lakhs in 1998. These numbers indicate that emigration from Kerala has been increasing since 1998. Between 2011 and 2014, the total number of emigrants from Kerala increased by about 81,000.
The report said remittances to Kerala have continued to grow ever since Keralites started migrating to the Gulf region. Total remittances to Kerala during the 12-month period ending in  March 1, 2014 were Rs 72,680 crores.
This amount is about 46 percent higher than the remittances in 2011. These numbers indicate that the rate of growth of remittances has accelerated in recent years in spite of the slowing down of the annual increase of emigration from the state since 2008.
The total of all the household remittances in Kerala during the 12 month period prior to 1st March 2014 was Rs 15,129 crores. The corresponding remittance in 2008 was Rs 12, 511 crores.
Out of the total remittances of Rs 15,129 crores, Rs 7029 crores were received by the Muslim community alone. This amounts to about 46.5 percent of the total remittances. This percentage is higher than the per cent of Muslim emigrants which was only 43.5 percent.
In the total population of Kerala, Muslim population is only about 26.5 percent and Muslim households are only 21.8 percent of the total households in the state. According to both per capita-wise and household-wise analysis, Muslims in Kerala receive a much higher continued…
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.

U.K. s costly rebrand if Scotland breaks awayU.K.'s expensive rebranding job if Scotland breaks away
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 18, 2014: 6:08 AM ET
The clock is ticking. Scotland will decide on September 18 whether to split from the United Kingdom.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
It could be the ultimate rebranding effort and cost hundreds of millions of pounds.
If Scotland votes Thursday to break away from the United Kingdom, its remaining nations -- England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- will face many big decisions.
One of those will be what to call the smaller group, and a debate has already begun over whether the Union flag should be altered to remove Scotland's blue.
Here are four things that could change, and one that won't:
The Union Jack: A survey by the Flag Institute showed 65% of respondents hope the iconic British flag is changed if Scotland opts out.
This could be expensive for businesses and organizations that incorporate the design into their logos.
But picking a new flag needn't be too pricey, suggests brand psychologist Jonathan Gabay.
"I would save the cost of the logo redesign by opening [up a contest] to British art students," he said. That may cost as little as £2 million ($3.3 million).
And replacing flags across the nation wouldn't break the bank either.
"It would be in the millions, rather than the billions," said Charles Ashburner, head of the Flag Institute.
People across the nation are suggesting alternative designs for the Union flag.
Souvenirs: The souvenir industry that sells cheap Union Jack pens and teddy bears to tourists could actually get a boost if Scotland leaves the U.K.
Joshua Bamfield, director of the U.K. Centre for Retail Research, predicts that if the Union Jack got a makeover, people would clamor for rebranded souvenir items. He estimates the industry sells roughly £200 million in knick-knacks each year.
Could these souvenirs become valuable antiques?
Passports: Her Majesty's Passport Office refused to speculate on whether Brits will need redesigned travel documents if Scotland breaks away.
However, at a cost of £72.50 ($118) each, the bill for changing passports for all 59 million British citizens outside of Scotland could be £4.2 billion ($6.9 billion).
Meanwhile, Scottish citizens may have to pay even more for new passports if they want to remain part of the European Union . The EU says all passports must include special fingerprint technology. The U.K. negotiated an opt-out from that rule.
Government: Official departments across the nation could face major rebranding costs if Scotland breaks away and the "U.K." acronym falls into disuse.
New signage, stationary, websites and promotional material could be required -- and taxpayers will likely foot the bill.
For example, the U.K. border agency may want new badges and uniforms for its thousands of staff.
And brand psychologist Gabay estimates that U.K. companies forced into a name change or brand overhaul will likely have to shell out at least £250,000 each.
National anthem: No need for any change here! The traditional "God save the Queen" anthem doesn't mention Scotland in the verse most commonly used across the country.
And the line that mentions crushing "rebellious Scots" hasn't been sung for many generations.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
Most Popular

Fed to Keep Rates Near Zero for a  Considerable TimeYou are here: Home Economy
Fed Renews Zero Interest Rate Pledge, Restates Concern on Job Market
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 02:41 (IST)
E-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Washington: The Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time", but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the US central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the US central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analysed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The Fed has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs.
In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market.
After the statement, the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on US Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
US stocks ended up with the Dow at a record high. ( Read more )
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 per cent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 per cent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker".
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
(Read: Yellen's remarks at the press conference )
Earlier on Wednesday, the government released data that showed consumer prices notched their first decline in nearly 1-1/2 years in August. The report also showed underlying inflation pressures were muted, which could bolster the Fed's resolve to keep a loose monetary policy in place.
Exit strategy
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings sometime after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

MFs  exposure to software stocks hits all-time highMFs' exposure to software stocks hits all-time high
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Sep 17, 2014 10:45 PM IST
The mutual fund (MF) industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in MF industry's exposure to software stocks.
MF is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
Funds' investment in software stocks account for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In comparison, MFs had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July.
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market. They believe the ongoing market rally might see MF assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessed a gain of 2.86 per cent in August. This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Besides, MF managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, the highest among all the sectors. Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by automobiles (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).

Narendra Modi bonds with Xi in Ahmedabad  ties on upswingNarendra Modi bonds with Xi in Ahmedabad  ties on upswing
Gujarat turns prime hunting ground for PMO  other departmentsGujarat turns prime hunting ground for PMO
Aloke Tikku , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 01:34 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:33 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is busy building his team of civil servants in Delhi. And it has a strong Gujarat connection.
Two more Gujarat cadre IAS officers were appointed to the Centre this week amid signs that the next few rounds of bureaucratic reshuffle would see an influx of civil servants from Modi’s home state. The PM already has a handful of them in his office, beginning with his man Friday, additional principal secretary PK Mishra.
 
Gujarat-cadre officer AK Singh is a frontrunner to head the Special Protection Group that protects the PM and former PMs.
“He (Modi) had promised not to shake the boat for the civil service. He kept his word and is making the changes gradually...  as and when vacancies come up,” said a senior government official.
On Tuesday, Modi took one more step. He tasked 1980-batch Vijya Laxmi Joshi, who handled energy and petrochemical portfolios in Gujarat, to head the drinking water and sanitation department that will deliver on his promise for Swacch Bharat.
Also in Modi’s Delhi team will be 1982-batch Tapan Ray who will move into the IT ministry as additional secretary. Like most of his batchmates, Ray – who commissioned Gujarat’s project at KG basin gas production – would move up the bureaucratic hierarchy and get to independently head a department by next year.
Back in Gujarat, there are others waiting to migrate to Delhi’s power circles such as Modi’s former principal secretary Hasmukh Adhia and Ahmedabad municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.
Adhia had moved into the Gujarat CM’s office in 2004 to succeed Mishra, who now plays a key role in overseeing Modi’s governance initiatives and selecting officers with a track record to deliver.
Officials say this is one reason why Modi’s team also has a fair sprinkling of officers from Mishra’s home state of Odisha.
Former personnel secretary AN Tiwari said it wasn’t unusual if officers with links to Gujarat and Odisha were getting prized postings. The UPA I too had officers with their roots in Kerala.
 
“The tendency often is to go for officers you are comfortable with,” said Tiwari, attributing the trend to “human instinct rather than design”.
 (Inputs from Mahesh Langa in Ahmedabad)

Social schemes to be revampedGovt looks to streamline slew of social welfare schemes
Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The government is planning a revamp of some social sector schemes. It has been proposed state-sponsored insurance and pension schemes be merged, the scope of skill development widened and gaps in the Mid-Day Meal Scheme plugged.
According to a draft Cabinet note circulated, the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY), the Aam Aadmi Bima Yojana (AABY) and the Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme (IGNOAPS) were sought to be merged. “This will reduce administrative costs. The revamped scheme will provide improved social security benefits in terms of life cover and health insurance,” said a government official, requesting anonymity. “Some schemes with allocations of less than Rs 100 crore might also be merged for effective delivery.”
The AABY was launched in 2007 for rural households, in case of death or disability of the head of the family or its earning member. In the same year, the government launched IGNOAPS for all citizens aged more than 65 and living below the poverty line. In 2008, it introduced RSBY to provide health insurance to below-poverty-line families and various workers and labourers.
The AABY, the IGNOAPS and the RSBY are administered by the finance ministry, the rural development ministry and labour ministry, respectively, which increases costs.
For 2014-15, the government has estimated an expenditure of Rs 150 crore on the AABY, though no Budget provisions were made for the two other schemes.
Experts say the plan to merge different schemes is easier said than done. “The pension and insurance schemes cannot be merged because pension is given to everyone,” said N C Saxena, former member of the Planning Commission. Changes are also being considered in the Mid-Day Meal Scheme, in terms of storage and serving conditions and supervision by teachers. The scheme provides free lunch to all school children.
“It should not be job of teachers to supervise the scheme,” said the official quoted earlier.
The government is also planning to bring about a change to the scheme for skill development of minorities, adding a new component on artisans and traditional craftsman. The scheme is aimed at providing training and employment to youth from minority communities.
It has also been proposed the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) be revamped by including agricultural workers.
The government is considering using labourers employed under the job guarantee scheme to construct durable agriculture assets such as bunds, embankments and small irrigation projects in farmlands, during the non-sowing period.
In his Budget 2014-15 speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said under the MGNREGS, the government would provide self-employment opportunities in rural areas through works that were productive, asset-creating and linked to agriculture and allied activities.
Besides revamping social sector schemes, the government is also planning to name schemes after eminent freedom fighters, social reformers and political leaders. Currently, of the 49 schemes and institutes named after eminent personalities, 16 are named after Rajiv Gandhi, five after Indira Gandhi, and two after Jawaharlal Nehru.
IN THE NEW SCHEME OF THINGS
Govt-sponsored health, life and pension schemes proposed to be merged to cut administrative costs
Some schemes with allocation of less than Rs 100 crore may also be merged for effective delivery
Artisans and traditional craftsman could be added to the scheme for skill development of minorities
Changes considered in the Mid-Day Meal Scheme with regard to storage & supervision by teachers

US Fed to end bond-buying  won t change interest rateComments
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday announced it would end its bond-buying scheme in October, but will leave the interest where it is now, near zero, for “considerable time”.
The Fed will buy $15 billion worth of treasury and mortgage bonds in October, and then may end the scheme, which has been its chief weapon against the economic crisis starting 2008.
But because the economy was nearly not as robust as the Fed would have liked it to be, a decision on interest rate increase has been posted indefinitely in the future.
These announcements were made Wednesday at the end of a two-day meeting of the Fed's top officials.

CSR defaulters to be penalised under Compani...(At present, non-compliance…)
By Rajat Arora
The Narendra Modi-led government will not let companies get away easily if they do not spend the mandated 2% of their profits on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities as specified by law. The government is planning to add more teeth to the Companies Act 2013 by introducing the penalty clause for companies that miss this target spending repeatedly. At present, non-compliance of CSR rule isn't penalized by the Companies Law, and those unable to spend the stipulated amount can get away with some justification.
"Under the current law, there's no mandatory obligation on the company, but a responsibility is cast upon the board members. In case companies repeatedly fail to do so for two or more years, they should be penalized. We can't leave any grey areas in law," a senior government official told ET.
Under the Companies Act 2013, a company must spend 2% of its average net profit in the preceding three years on CSR if it has a turnover of Rs 1,000 crore or more, or net worth of Rs 500 crore or more, or net profit of Rs 5 crore or more.
The new law, which came into effect on April 1, 2014, says if a company isn't able to give a satisfactory explanation about not spending on CSR activities, the corporate affairs ministry, at most, can question the roles and responsibility of its directors, but can't act beyond that. "The quantum of penalty in case of non-compliance hasn't been worked out," the official added. However, the industry and corporate lawyers are critical of the government's proposal of penalising in case of repeated non-compliance.
"A better proposition would be to provide tax incentives to corporates, effectively complying with the CSR obligations," a senior executive of a multinational told ET.
Around 14,000 companies are expected to spend about Rs 15,000 crore on various social projects under the mandatory CSR spending. The government has provided a list of activities that qualify as CSR, which include measures to eradicate hunger, promote education and rural sports, protection of heritage, and environmental sustainability.
The companies which fail to spend the entire 2% on CSR activities can also transfer the remaining amount to the Prime Minister's relief fund. "The government expects companies to abide by the spirit of the legislation, which is currently enacted on the principle of 'comply or explain', and does not have any penal provisions. If the compliance levels are seen to be low, the corporate affairs ministry would consider introduction of penalties," said Sai Venkateshwaran, Partner and Head -Accounting Advisory Services, KPMG in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaypee plea for new tariff order to delay RP...Jaypee Group plea for new tariff order to delay deal with Reliance Power
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Jaypee Group
(Jaiprakash Power is learnt…)
New Delhi: Reliance Power's Rs 12,300 crore deal to acquire hydroelectric assets of the Jaypee Group may take longer than expected as the seller has approached regulatory authorities for a tariff order that will rule out any ambiguity in the valuation of the transaction.
Jaiprakash Power chairman Manoj Gaur told ET that the company's plea for provisional tariff was already pending with the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission, but the Jaypee group has now applied for the final tariff order from the regulator.
"We want to avoid any ambiguity over valuation of Karcham Wangtoo hydro power project," he told ET. The tariff order would be applicable for the majority of the 1,800 MW of capacity being sold. Reliance Power was aiming to take over the control of Jaypee Group's asset within six months from signing an MoU on July 27.
Jaiprakash Power is learnt to have sought tariff revision with effect from last year when the project started supplying electricity to PTC India. Reliance Power spokesperson declined to comment on the development.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures filed fresh petition to seek final tariff determination before the regulator this week after it withdrew its earlier application filed, in February, for interim tariff order. PTC India supplies power from Himachal Pradesh-based Karcham Wangtoo project to Punjab and Haryana.
Commenting on the development, one of the customers said that securing a tariff order from the regulator was a routine but time consuming process. "In case of hydro power project, developer seek determination of interim tariff after starting electricity generation as the final tariff order takes longer time. Interim tariff helps developer to generate cash flow immediately to serve the debt. In case of Karcham Wangtoo hydro power project, the regulator has not determine interim tariff even after over six months and final tariff order may take even longer," he said.
In February, Jaiprakash Power requested the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) to fix interim tariff for 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo project so that it start billing PTC India for its off take of 700 MW. The commission has not passed an order for interim tariff till date while PTC India is paying Rs 3.40-Rs 3.50 per unit to Jaiprakash Power.
This week, Jaiprakash Power withdrew its petition for interim tariff and applied fresh for final tariff order. Reliance Power entered into an MoU with Jaiprakash Power to buy the hydropower assets of latter within just days after consortium led by Abu Dhabi National Energy Co walked out of the proposed deal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi moves to reduce FPO timelineSebi moves to cut FPO timeline, to issue norms on wilful defaulters
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
capital market
(Sinha, however, clarified…)
NEW DELHI: The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will soon issue a discussion paper on reducing the timeline for follow-on public offers (FPOs) and issue guidelines to deal with wilful defaulters given that there are no restrictions at present on such entities raising funds from the capital market.
"We have received representations that the FPO timeline should be reduced. We are still examining (the issue) and we will come out with a discussion paper for the public at large. It will take some time," Sebi chairman UK Sinha said on the sidelines of a Confederation of Indian Industry function on Wednesday.
Sinha, however, clarified that there was no proposal to change Sebi norms for FPOs with respect to the retail investors' quota. "If you are asking whether Sebi rules are going to be changed for FPOs, there is nothing on the plate as of now, but if an issuer wants to allocate more to retail investors , it is possible," he noted.
In an FPO, at least 35% of shares have to be allocated to retail investors. "As an issuer, if you decide to have 100% (quota) for retail (investors), there is nothing in Sebi laws preventing you," he added. In the current fiscal, the government aims to raise more than Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment. Some of these companies plan to raise money through the FPO route.
On the issue of allowing wilful defaulters to raise capital from the markets, the Sebi chief said there is no restriction on such entities currently. "We are working on the guidelines for wilful defaulters. It will take some time," he said.
Earlier this month, United Bank of India had declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors as wilful defaulters, citing alleged diversion of funds.
The market watchdog said that it has also started work with regard to the annual information memorandum for listed companies and it is going to be mandatory. Noting that such an exercise would help in a variety of ways, Sinha said, "One is that you will not be visited by undue litigations from the regulators."
If companies want to raise funds, either through debt or equity, they don't have to update this information repeatedly, he said. On whether this memorandum requirement is going to be introduced through guidelines or by amending the corporate governance norms, Sinha said it would be both. "It (memorandum) will be a far-reaching thing because today a corporation which has filed everything as per Sebi requirement can still be hauled up," he said. "That is a lacuna in our system."
According to him, if an entity has filed some information under the takeover regulations as well as part of disclosure requirements, both are taken separately.
"So for an analyst, a shareholder, a stakeholder it becomes a problem and it also becomes a problem for corporations that are willing to comply,"he added. The capital market watchdog already has stringent corporate governance norms for listed entities, as part of efforts to ensure more transparency.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ikea to build own retail real estateIkea to build own retail real estate
Ranbaxy told to give pricing data info in USRanbaxy told to give pricing data info in US
Jaypee plea for new tariff order to delay deal with RPowerJaypee plea for new tariff order to delay deal with RPower
Direct interface with brokers on decline  mobile new playground for smart investorsDirect interface with brokers on decline, trading via smartphones on rise
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 07.16AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Though this is a percentage…)
MUMBAI: Stock-broking is fast losing its human touch. Gone are the days when calling up brokers or relationship managers was the preferred route to execute trades. These days, more investors and traders are opting to punch their orders from the comfort of their smartphones as better internet connectivity has allowed brokers to launch more mobile trading applications.
Data show that trading volumes from mobile phones have more than doubled in the past one year. On the BSE , daily average mobile trading volumes have jumped to Rs 439 crore in August 2014 from Rs 122.75 crore in August 2013, a rise of 257%. In the same period on the NSE, combined daily average turnover has increased 99.9% to Rs 3,358 crore from Rs 1,680 crore.
Though this is just a percentage of the overall turnover, brokers said the jump in mobile trading volumes is notable if volumes from retail clients are considered. It is mostly the retail investors who trade on their mobiles.
Broking firms are seeing as much as 10-20% of their total retail client turnover coming from mobile trading.
"Out of every 100 new customers whom we sign up, as many as 35 execute their first trade through the mobile," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking at Kotak Securities .
Broking officials said they are increasingly getting enquiries on whether their firm has applications for all platforms namely, android phones, iphones or windows phones.
Stock-trading through the mobile phone is a relatively new phenomenon with most brokerage houses launching their full applications in the past 12 to 24 months. The lower cost of smartphones and better data connectivity are leading to a surge in volumes, said brokers.
"As the bandwidth availability increases, we are seeing more than doubling of usage on a compounded basis, with more than a fifth of our volumes happening through mobiles," said Yagnesh Parikh, chief technology officer for ICICI Securities .
With internet and mobile trading applications, investors do not need to depend on the broker or the relationship manager to executive trades. Brokers said direct trading has helped investors save on time though there is no major cost advantage in most applications provided by broking firms. It is not just the urban investor who is switching to mobile trading. Brokerage officials said trades from mobile phones are coming in from smaller towns too.
HDFC Securities has seen trades being placed from small towns such as Bharuch, Guntur, Ranchi, Jammu, Ahmednagar, Vellore, Hooghly, Burdwan, Kadapa, Medak, Dhule, Nadiad, Sonepat, Udupi and Bidar. While simple cash market transactions have caught on well with investors, some brokerages have even seen a few HNI clients execute complex derivatives transactions.
"There is a convergence happening where mobile is the preferred medium when it comes to stock-trading, email surfing, social media access or purchases on ecommerce sites," says Aseem Dhru, MD and CEO , HDFC Securities. "Today e-commerce sites in India are experiencing more than 50% of transactions from mobile devices. It is a matter of time before stock-trading too converges at that number," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan Stocks Rally But Other Asian Markets MutedJapan Stocks Rally But Other Asian Markets Muted
Sun Pharma to acquire skin ailment drug rights from MerckSun Pharma to acquire skin ailment drug rights from Merck
Yes  or  No  to United Kingdom: Scotland to decide todaySep 18, 2014, 08.08 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
'Yes' or 'No' to United Kingdom: Scotland to decide today
All previous referendums have decisively voted against Scottish independence. This time, the situation appears to be different and several opinion polls have predicted a tight race.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Yes' or 'No' to United Kingdom: Scotland to decide today
All previous referendums have decisively voted against Scottish independence. This time, the situation appears to be different and several opinion polls have predicted a tight race.
Post your opinion here
 
Will the United Kingdom or Great Britain survive as one nation? It depends on the people of Scotland. Scotland is voting on Thursday to decide whether it should continue to be a part of the British Empire or whether it should declare independence. The world attention is on the people of Scotland who not only decide the fate of Scotland, but also the future of United Kingdom.
The list of those who are eligible to vote in the referendum is almost the same as for elections to the Scottish Parliament and local authorities, but with the addition of 16 and 17 year olds.
The following groups of people can register to vote in the referendum:
- British citizens resident in Scotland.
- Qualifying Commonwealth citizens resident in Scotland. This means Commonwealth citizens who either have leave to remain in the UK or do not require such leave, and are resident in Scotland.
- Citizens of the Republic of Ireland and other EU countries resident in Scotland.
- Members of the House of Lords resident in Scotland.
- Service/Crown personnel serving in the UK or overseas in the Armed Forces or with Her Majesty's Government who are registered to vote in Scotland.
All previous referendums have decisively voted against Scottish independence. This time, the situation appears to be different and several opinion polls have predicted a tight race.
A shaken UK government in London has promised more powers to Scotland, if votes against separation. The British Prime Minister David Cameroon made a very strong statement at Aberdeen in Scotland on Monday that if the Scottish people want separation; it will be a very 'painful' divorce and won't be mutual courtroom separation.
Even Queen Elizabeth II has also spoken for the first time about the referendum. According to British media, the Queen said that the people of Scotland would think very very carefully before voting.
The public opinion is sharply divided among the Scottish people. Lot of people want Scotland to become a republic and the Queen Elizabeth II should be the last monarch of United Kingdom, which includes Scotland, England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Background
Around a third of Scotland's 4 million voters believe that Scotland should leave the UK and become independent, ending the 305-year-old political union with England. They believe Scotland's economy, its social policies and its creativity would flourish if it had much greater autonomy. A majority of Scots disagree. They believe Scotland is more secure within the UK, but many want the Scottish parliament to have greater financial and legal powers.
According to 'Guardian', Scotland's relations with its larger neighbour have often been difficult, none more so than in the "wars of independence" 700 years ago led by William Wallace and then Robert the Bruce. He defeated Edward II, then attempting to subjugate Scotland, at Bannockburn in 1314. After other cross border disputes, including Scotland's defeat at Flodden by the English in 1513, the Scottish and English crowns were unified in 1603 when King James VI of Scotland became overall monarch of the British isles.
In 1707, that union was cemented by Scotland and England's political union, forced on Scotland in part by a financial crisis following the abject failure of its colony in Panama, the so-called Darien adventure. All political power moved to London, but Scotland retained its own legal system, churches and universities. In 1745, the pretender to the British throne, Bonnie Prince Charlie, led the Jacobite revolt against Hanoverian rule by London. Despite reaching as far south as Derby, that ended in crushing defeat at Culloden in 1746.
In the 1800s, Scotland's economy strengthened, its cities boomed and its citizens took a leading role in the British empire. But proposals to give Scotland some form of "home rule" within the UK have been live since William Gladstone's era as Liberal leader in the 1880s. After several failed attempts at Westminster, notably in 1913 and 1979, a Scottish parliament was finally reestablished in 1999 in Edinburgh with wide-ranging policy making and legal powers but dependent on a direct grant from London.
In May 2011, Salmond and the SNP unexpectedly won an historic landslide victory giving the nationalists majority control of the Scottish parliament, enabling the first minister to demand that independence referendum.
What is Scotland?
Scotland, with little more than 5 million people, is one of the oldest countries in the world, having been united as a single nation by King Kenneth MacAlpin in the year 843.
It remained an independent state for more than 800 years until the formation of Great Britain in 1707.
When England found itself at war with France in the early 18th century, fears that Scotland would side with the enemy prompted London to block trade and deprive Scots of property they owned south of the border unless they agreed to create a single country.
After much debate - and widespread Scottish hostility - both the Scottish and English parliaments were dissolved on May 1, 1707 and replaced with a new British one.
How is Scotland different from the rest of the United Kingdom?
Scotland has its own legal system, and the national Church of Scotland was guaranteed under the Act of Union.
However, all monetary and finance matters are controlled by the government in London and the Bank of England, which was founded by Scotsman William Paterson in 1694.
Doesn't Scotland already have its own parliament?
A desire for more autonomy in Scotland led to Westminster holding a referendum in 1997 for the establishment of a devolved Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
The idea was backed by 74 per cent of the voters and in 1999 the parliament was opened for business by veteran politician Winnie Ewing, who chaired the first meeting, with the words. "The Scottish Parliament adjourned on the 25th day of March in the year 1707 is hereby reconvened."
Members of the Scottish Parliament can legislate on education, health spending, housing, tourism, transport and a few other areas; they have no control over immigration, defense, foreign policy, employment, trade, energy or the main levers of finance.
Most of the money used by the Scottish Parliament to finance public services comes from a grant allocated by the United Kingdom government.
What are Scotland's economic strengths?
The UK produces more than 75 per cent of the European Union's offshore oil production, of which 90 percent is extracted from Scottish waters, according to the European Commission's Joint Research Centre. Based on 2012 figures, the Scottish government says this Scottish oil contributes around £24.4 billion to the UK economy.
In addition to oil, the Scottish government calculates the country could produce 25 percent of the EU's offshore wind and tidal energy and 10 percent of the EU's wave energy.
Scottish exports are worth around £100 billion year to the British Treasury, including including more than £11 billion from financial services, along with almost £9 billion from food and drink, including whisky.
What have the Scots given the world?
Scotland's influence has been out of proportion to its size.
The Declaration of Arbroath, asserting Scottish independence in 1320, influenced the American Declaration of Independence. A rare copy of the Scottish manuscript was given to the US National Archives by the Scottish government in 2011 in appreciation of the US Senate passing a resolution designating every April 6 as Tartan Day in the United States.
Over the centuries Scottish engineers, inventors, thinkers and business people helped create the modern world. James Watt helped develop the practical steam engine, Sir Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin, John Logie Baird pioneered television and Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
It was Englishman Winston Churchill who said, "Of all the small nations on earth, perhaps only the ancient Greeks surpass the Scots in their contribution to mankind." 
RELATED NEWS

Opening Bell 18 September | Markets ignore Fed pledge on low ratesOpening Bell 18 September | Markets ignore Fed pledge on low rates
Australian police raid terror suspectsAustralian police raid terror suspects
Apple iPhone 6 availability in India delayed till November  price likely to be Rs 55 000+Apple iPhone 6 availability in India delayed till November  price likely to be Rs 55 000+
American Airlines flight attendants trade paper manuals...0
But all the largest airlines in the Chicago area posted below-average rates, with Chicago-based United Airlines at 74.9 percent, American at 74.2 percent, and Southwest Airlines at 70.2 percent.
Southwest, which ranked 11th out of the 12 airlines that report to the DOT, has had trouble being on time for more than a year. Officials have said they have taken steps to address the problems and expect improvement before the end of the year.
On-time departures at local airports were just 65.8 percent at Midway, where Southwest dominates, and 73.6 percent at O'Hare International Airport. Evening flights from Midway were especially tardy. For example, flights from 7 to 9 p.m. averaged on-time departure rates of less than 40 percent.
The most on-time airlines nationwide in July were Hawaiian Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines.
In July, the DOT received 1,653 complaints about airline service from consumers, up 3 percent from the same month last year.
U.S. carriers posted a mishandled baggage rate of 3.55 reports per 1,000 passengers in July, down from 3.65 last year.
Ancillary revenue: So-called ancillary revenue for airlines, which includes fees for checked bags and extra legroom, was $16 per passenger last year, up 129 percent since 2007, according to the 2014 CarTrawler Yearbook of Ancillary Revenue by IdeaWorksCompany.
The report says ancillary revenue allows airlines, which have experienced boom-and-bust cycles, to be more consistently profitable. But surveys have shown that customers, not surprisingly, dislike fees.
Ultra-discount carrier Spirit Airlines had the most of its revenue derived from fees, 38.4 percent. By contrast, United had 14.9 percent of revenue from ancillary fees; Southwest, 9.2 percent; American, 7.8 percent; and Delta, 6.7 percent.
Thumbs up for United: Airline industry analyst Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research recently ranked shares of United Continental Holdings as his top stock pick in the industry.
Keay praised United management for its second-quarter earnings conference call, which he said "just felt different," as executives talked less about recovering from customer service problems and more about specific short-term improvements the airline would make.
"Customer service is clearly an area that could improve but, to us, it felt overemphasized and implied a lack of near-term urgency," Keay wrote in a note to investors. He praised the laundry list of initiatives the airline was undertaking, including getting rid of uneconomical 50-seat regional jets.
"Many of the initiatives listed are small, and in isolation are probably not very impactful, but together can provide more meaningful improvement on margins," Keay wrote.

ComEd closely guarding smart meter dataComEd closely guarding smart meter data
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
Regulators are hashing out who owns energy data relayed by Commonwealth Edison’s smart meters — customers or utilities — and how the data would be released.
Regulators are hashing out who owns energy data relayed by Commonwealth Edison’s smart meters — customers or utilities — and how the data would be released. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)
These companies want your energy data.
Who owns your smart meter data: You or ComEd?
If you're one of the approximately 425,000 people in Commonwealth Edison's service territory with a newly installed smart meter, a cadre of companies is lining up for the energy data relayed by that meter. Their businesses would help people cut their bills, become more energy efficient, and even sell excess power back to the utility.
There's just one problem: Regulators are hashing out who owns that data — customers or utilities — and how the data would be released.
Until that determination is made, ComEd is staunchly guarding that data, refusing to release any of that information to third-party companies other than its own vendors and making it difficult for consumers to get the information.
ComEd's position seems counter to what the utility promised in promoting smart meters as part of a $2.6 billion grid-modernization project.
  Open link
In paying for smart meters, consumers were promised more control over their energy, environmental groups were promised that energy savings would mean fewer power plants polluting the air, and legislators were promised the creation of tech jobs. The smart meters ultimately will be installed at 4 million locations in the area served by ComEd, a subsidiary of Chicago-based Exelon Corp.
The fact that there is no clarity over who owns the data also doesn't help the city of Chicago's requirement that large buildings disclose their energy consumption.
Myrna Coronado-Brookover, a senior vice president and general manager of 77 West Wacker Drive for JLL — it formerly was known as Jones Lang LaSalle — said that even getting forms from ComEd to obtain information has proved impossible.
She wants to contract with an outside company, Lucid, to make a "dashboard" for her building's tenants that shows energy consumption in real time to encourage them to be more energy efficient.
"A lot of these firms in this building, they don't even see their electricity bill," Coronado-Brookover said. "Their bill goes to some other corporate office in some other state and someone pays it. Can you imagine if you were just educated on the small thing you could do every day and what that could do when multiplied across hundreds of employees?"
Lucid told Coronado-Brookover that it needed access to the building tenants' energy-use data. She went to ComEd, which told her that the building's tenants would have to fill out permission forms to access that information.
"I said, 'OK, can you provide that form?' (ComEd) said, 'Well, the form doesn't exist.'"
Coronado-Brookover said she finally collected that information from the building's physical electric meters.
Consumers who want to share their electric-use data with an outside company have to go to a lot of effort.
cComments
I am baffled by this article. First off, bravo to ComEd for being cautious about releasing my smartmeter data. They ought to be very careful about how this data is made available, to whom, and with what approvals. I'll bet there are a lot of companies that want it for all kinds of consumer...
marcmart
5
"You can't just say, 'I authorize this person to have my data,'" said Andrew Barbeau, a consultant with the Environmental Defense Fund and president of The Accelerate Group, a consultancy in Chicago. "You have to go get (the data) yourself and email it to (third-party companies). That's not going to drive consumer adoption."
Barbeau said consumer data advocates who are pushing for greater access would like to see Illinois improve on a model called "Green Button" that's being used in California at Pacific Gas and Electric and San Diego Gas & Electric. With a simple login, customers can move data in a standard format, to whomever they like.
A growing number of local startups that see business opportunities in helping consumers become more energy savvy say authorization for accessing energy data should be as simple as pushing a "yes" or "no" button, in much the same way consumers allow Facebook or Twitter to connect to applications on their smartphones.
Last month, the Citizens Utility Board and Environmental Defense Fund filed a proposed framework with regulators that would give customers the right to automatically receive detailed energy-use data and share that data seamlessly.
"We want a consumer bill of rights," said David Kolata, the utility board's executive director. "We think consumers own that data. We want the rules to be clear and for the customer to be able to control the data and move it effortlessly and seamlessly."
Kolata said there is an emerging tech space in Illinois surrounding the smart grid.
"There's all kinds of interesting apps and programs that are being developed. But all of them in one way, shape or form require data to be effective. It's much harder than it should be."
Some startups in Chicago said that without being able to easily access consumer data, they'll fail.
"We have to get access to the data of thousands of customers in a relatively short period of time or our cost of acquisition goes through the roof," said Mark Handy, chief executive of Kenjiva Energy Systems in Chicago.
His business model would pinpoint the most congested parts of the electricity grid and pay consumers in those areas to power down.
Handy's company has been working with municipalities and state-funded organizations that could ask electricity customers to sign on in bulk, but Handy said if those consumers are asked to do anything more complicated than clicking a single button, it likely won't work.
"We're small, we're nimble, and we want to be able to capture this opportunity. But if it takes 18 months to get enough people to sign the form, we've lost our edge here," Handy said.
Twitter @littlewern
Some of the companies that want your smart meter data
Here are some of the companies lining up to put your smart meter data to use:
Agentis Energy: The commercial and industrial energy efficiency company uses data to reduce the cost and consumption of electricity. Collaborative tools encourage companywide participation in energy savings. Businesses can track progress and compare themselves against similar businesses.
Intelligent Generation: Specializes in providing solar panels and battery storage to residences. Its software determines the best times to use stored energy generated by solar panels or to sell excess energy back to the electricity grid.
Effortless Energy: This energy efficiency company pays for energy-efficient upgrades and splits the savings with consumers.
SilverSpring Networks: Manages the communication network for Commonwealth Edison's smart meters.
C3 Energy: Offers a software portal to provide customers with access to their electricity-consumption data and provides recommendations for being more energy efficient, customized to their home and patterns. Also the company behind CUB Energy Saver (cubenergysaver.com), which automatically links to a customer's ComEd bill to track savings, rewards energy savvy with points redeemable for gift certificates, and lets customers compete against their neighborhood and friends.
Schneider Electric: Makes smart thermostats that allow customers to better manage their residential energy use. The thermostats tie into smart meters to reduce air conditioning at pre-defined set points when the price of electricity is high. The thermostats can also be connected with outside services.
Bidgely: Disaggregates meter data, meaning it uses algorithms to show how much energy specific appliances are using, when they are running, and whether those appliances are efficient or inefficient.
QCoefficient: Ties into commercial building HVAC systems to improve tenant comfort, reduce energy costs, and enable buildings to participate in programs that pay buildings for dialing back electricity when demand on the electric grid is greatest. (See also: BuildingIQ)
cComments
I am baffled by this article. First off, bravo to ComEd for being cautious about releasing my smartmeter data. They ought to be very careful about how this data is made available, to whom, and with what approvals. I'll bet there are a lot of companies that want it for all kinds of consumer...
marcmart

Here are few stock trading ideas from Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are few stock trading ideas from Sudarshan Sukhani
Watch the interview of Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

SBI to revise interest rates on retail term deposits below Rs.1 croreUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:09 IST
SBI to revise interest rates on retail term deposits below Rs.1 crore
N. Ravi Kumar
The Hindu The new interest rate will be 8.75 per cent. File photo
TOPICS
interest rate
Effective from September 18, the new interest rate will be 8.75 per cent.
State Bank of India (SBI) is revising interest rates on retail term deposits, below Rs.1 crore, with effect from September 18.
As per the revision, there will be a reduction of 25 basis points on the rate on deposits in the maturity bucket of 1 year to less than three years. The new interest rate will be 8.75 per cent.
In a filing to Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday, the bank said on deposits for 180-210 days the rate will be 7.25 per cent. The existing rate is 7 per cent.
Interest rates on all other maturity buckets remain unchanged, as per details provided in the filing.
State Bank of India on Tuesday cut its interest rate offering for medium-term deposits by 0.25 percentage points to 8.75 per cent, citing slower-than-expected pick-up in advances.
However, it increased rates for shorter tenor deposits of 180-210 days by 0.25 percentage points to 7.25 per cent per annum.
PTI reports:
“In view of abundant liquidity coupled with slower-than- anticipated credit pick up, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to cut the deposit rates by 0.25 percentage point to 8.75 per cent,” the bank said in a statement.
The bank added that with the inflation trending down — consumer price inflation for August eased to 7.80 per cent — the rate adjustment will continue to ensure that the depositors are compensated “adequately with a positive real rate on their deposits.”
It can be noted that banks have been complaining about issues in credit offtake, even as the sentiment has improved following the formation of a stable government at the Centre. The system’s year-on-year increase in credit stood at 10.94 per cent for the fortnight ended August 22, which is almost on a par with the 10.61 per cent observed in 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis.

Apple iOS 8 arrives Wednesday  replacing iOS 7Apple iOS 8 arrives Wednesday, replacing iOS 7
Live video chat: iOS 8 arrives
What do you think of iOS 8? Paresh Dave of the Los Angeles Times and Scott Kleinberg of the Chicago Tribune join The Times' Michelle Maltais to discuss their first impressions. Weigh in by tweeting with the hashtag #askLATimes.
What do you think of iOS 8? Paresh Dave of the Los Angeles Times and Scott Kleinberg of the Chicago Tribune join The Times' Michelle Maltais to discuss their first impressions. Weigh in by tweeting with the hashtag #askLATimes.
Photos, audio, video: All kinds of changes coming to some iPhones and iPads starting Wednesday
Should you download Apple's iOS 8? See if you can first
A rundown of features coming to iPhones and iPads through iOS 8
IPhone and iPad enthusiasts, contain yourselves: iOS 8 is ready for download Wednesday.
It was a rough night for a lot of Apple fans. ( Andrea Chang )
Though not as dizzying as last year’s upgrade to flat icons and slick animations, this year’s optional download of iOS 8 will deliver some new ways to create and consume content.
Most apparent will be the on-screen keyboard, which displays a row of suggested words as people type. Start tapping a-p-p-l, and then just tap on "application" (or "Apple") to automatically insert the rest of the letters.
The Messages app has a new microphone icon. Tap it to send a voice message. All recipients have to do is hold the phone to their ear and listen.
0
Video and group messaging are also improved. People can choose to let others see their location for a certain or indefinite period of time. From any screen, click the home button twice to quickly reach out to favorite and recent contacts.
Sorting photographs will be easier. The Photos app automatically creates albums, which some may find creepy. The app comes with new photo editing tools, including a time-lapse creator, so photo-sharers can bypass Instagram to make their shots look more interesting.
With the new Family Sharing tools, up to six people can share their photos, calendars, locations and purchases from iTunes, the App Store and iBooks. That includes the ability for children to electronically ask parents for permission to download an app. Parent reaction to this feature will probably be mixed.
Interactive notifications could save people time, or become a new route to procrastination and distraction: They’ll let users reply to text messages from the home screen or reply to Twitter posts while never leaving the Mail app.
Perhaps hoping to wean users off Google, the built-in search feature known as Spotlight now includes in-search result links to Wikipedia entries, news stories, content on iTunes and movie showtimes. To launch Spotlight, slide a finger downward on a home screen.
Several more features that better link up the mobile devices to Mac laptops and desktops will arrive later this fall when Apple releases another update.
Chat with me on Twitter @peard33

Biocon up 3% post Mylan s phase-3 trials for GlargineSep 17, 2014, 01.49 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Biocon up 3% post Mylan's phase-3 trials for Glargine
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, CMD of the company sees it to be a huge opportunity in the diabetic market and expects the insulin analogue market to grow in double-digits.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Biocon up 3% post Mylan's phase-3 trials for Glargine
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, CMD of the company sees it to be a huge opportunity in the diabetic market and expects the insulin analogue market to grow in double-digits.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Biocon jumped 3 percent intraday on Wednesday after the company announced starting of phase 3 global trials for insulin Glargine in partnership with Mylan.
Glargine is a biosimilar drug which has been studied in terms of long acting insulin. Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes.
The size of this is potentially expected to be around USD 3-4 billion globally.
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, CMD of the company sees it to be a huge opportunity in the diabetic market and expects the insulin analogue market to grow in double-digits.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 Shaw informs that the company is looking to commercialise Glargine by 2018. It will start receiving royalties once the insulin Glargine gets completely commercialsed post all necessary trials.
In early September, Biocon was in focus after the company bought back 7.69 percent stake from GE Capital in its clinical research arm Syngene.
At 13:17 hrs Biocon was quoting at Rs 484.80, up Rs 5.95, or 1.24 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Credit growth at five-year low  will it scale backCredit growth at five-year low — will it scale back?
Radhika Merwin
Tweet
September 17, 2014:  
Markets may be gung-ho about the green shoots popping up in the economy. But banking credit, a powerful indicator of the country’s economic activity, is yet to show concrete signs of a pick-up.
Banking credit growth has plunged to 10.9 per cent as on August 31, 2014, the lowest in the last five years. The last time credit growth had dipped to similar levels was during November-December 2009, post the 2008 financial crisis.
Growth then sprung back to life by the end of the fiscal 2009-10, soaring to 17 per cent. So can history repeat itself? The jury is out on this one.
Prolonged slowdown
The Indian economy has been through one of the longest periods of economic slowdown. The banking sector, whose fortunes are directly linked to the state of the economy, has been hit hard.
Over the last two years, the credit growth of banks has slipped substantially. In 2012-13 and 2013-14, the credit growth slowed down to 13-14 per cent, after growing at 22 per cent annually since 2004-05.
GDP growth
Banking credit is a function of growth in the gross domestic product (GDP). Over the last ten years, credit growth has been 2.5 to 3 times the real GDP growth in the economy. Thus, with the economic growth hitting a low of 4.7 per cent in 2013-14, the loan growth also slowed down to 14 per cent.
Now, with the growth in GDP expected to scale up to 5.5-5.8 per cent in 2014-15, the market is betting on banking credit to pick up too. While many bankers expect the credit growth to claw back to 13-14 per cent in 2014-15, there are some who feel that the heady days of 20 per cent-plus credit growth may not return soon.
Nominal GDP
This is because, while banking credit grows at a certain multiple to real GDP growth, the nominal GDP, which takes inflation into account, matters more. It is the nominal GDP which decides the credit requirement of a corporate — the ones who contribute to credit growth, says Jaideep Iyer, Group President - Financial Management, YES Bank.
With inflation likely to head down over the next three to four years, nominal GDP growth may not pick-up substantially.
“While the growth in real GDP may claw back to 5.5-6.5 per cent over the next 3-4 years, inflation is likely to trend down to 6-7 per cent. Hence nominal GDP may not grow significantly,” says Jaideep.
Over the last five years, with inflation been ruling high, credit growth has been about 1-1.2 times of nominal GDP. The nominal GDP growth was 12.3 per cent in 2013-14.
Sluggish corporate investment
The slowdown in overall credit growth has primarily been on the back of a slowdown in investment activity by corporates. The growth in this segment has slipped to 10 per cent from 16 per cent last year. With a number of large projects stalled, corporates are in no hurry to put up new capacities.
“Economic data points are still mixed and do not provide enough signals of sustainability in growth indicators. As Indian corporates have burnt their fingers earlier, they may not like to rush into expansion or modernisation projects,” says Dr Rupa Rege Nitsure, Chief Economist and General Manager, Bank of Baroda.
Unless the critical issues pertaining to land, labour and power availability get sorted out, they may not like to borrow more and add to their leverage, she adds.
But it is not just companies that are reluctant to borrow to put up new capacities. Banks have turned wary too. Stressed loans in the banking segment are above 11 per cent of loans. Banks have become selective in project lending, avoiding risky assets.
“Banks too have become more cautious and sensitive to risks. As Indian banks are in the process of adopting a more stringent risk-management framework — Basel III, their focus has changed to capital conservation”, says Dr Nitsure.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Cairn India up 3% on 3 oil discoveries in Rajasthan blockSep 17, 2014, 03.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cairn India up 3% on 3 oil discoveries in Rajasthan block
With these three new oil discoveries in block RJ-ON-90/1, the total number of discoveries in the block increased to 36.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cairn India up 3% on 3 oil discoveries in Rajasthan block
With these three new oil discoveries in block RJ-ON-90/1, the total number of discoveries in the block increased to 36.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up shares of  Cairn India (CIL) on Wednesday after the company announced three new oil discoveries in Rajasthan block. The stock gained as much as 2.8 percent intraday.
With these three new oil discoveries in block RJ-ON-90/1, the total number of discoveries in the block increased to 36.
"Exploration well DP-1 has encountered 70m gross oil bearing interval in the Barmer Hill formation. The well flowed oil at 120 barrels of oil per day (bopd). This is a significant discovery, in view of its proximity to the Mangala oil field and fast track appraisal is planned to facilitate rapid commercialization of this discovery," said Cairn, the subsidiary of London-listed Vedanta Resources.
Exploration well Saraswati SW-1 flowed oil at 248 bopd, while well Aishwariya-46 flowed oil at 182 bopd in Dharvi Dungar formation, making it the 36th Discovery in RJ-ON-90/1. This well represents the first Dharvi Dungar oil discovery in the northern part of Barmer basin, it added.
The company is spending USD 3 billion over three years to boost oil production and natural gas output from its Rajasthan block, which had an output of 66.3 million barrels of oil equivalent in the year ended March 31.
Cairn India has a portfolio of nine blocks, one in Rajasthan which contains multiple assets, two on the west coast and four on the east coast of India, and one each in Sri Lanka and South Africa.
Meanwhile, the board of directors today has also declared interim cash dividend of Rs 5 per equity share of Rs 10 face value. This will entail an outflow of Rs 1,097 crore including the dividend distribution tax of Rs 159 crore.
At 14:31 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 326.35, up Rs 6.10, or 1.90 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from agencies)

Full review of iPhone 6: Battery life  camera  moreReviewed: iPhone 6 Is a Thin, Sexy Phone with a Killer Camera
By David Pogue | Yahoo India –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014
Tweet
0
When Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 last week, it made the front pages of newspapers. It dominated Google Search and Twitter. It triggered an avalanche of sniping and worshiping on the Web’s comment boards.
About a phone? Really?
Well, that’s what you’d say if you were an alien. If you’re human, you know why all the fuss. The iPhone is not just a phone; it’s a symbol. The phone you own doesn’t just let you make phone calls; it marks you as belonging to a religion. Maybe a cult.
Each year’s new iPhone is another test for Apple. The world wants to know if Apple’s still got it, even without Steve Jobs. The faithful want the company to hit another one out of the park. The enemy can’t wait for the company to fumble.
Well, this time, Apple hasn’t fumbled. Its two new iPhones are excellent. Beautiful. State of the art. Worthy heirs to the iPhone throne.
There’s nothing actually surprising about the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Partly that’s because in the post-Jobs era, Apple isn’t as good at suppressing pre-announcement leaks.
And partly it’s because there’s nothing much surprising about any phones these days.
They’re mature. These days, designing a phone is a matter of nips and tucks and playing catch-up and one-up — as attractively as possible.
Meet the family
This year, there are two new models: the iPhone Bigger and the iPhone Bigger-er.
Source: Apple
 
Their real names are the iPhone 6 ($200 and up with two-year contract) and the iPhone 6 Plus ($300 and up with contract).
And yes, that’s the big news: They have bigger screens than any iPhone before them.
Steve Jobs used to mock Samsung’s increasingly jumbo smartphones, calling them “Hummers.”
But apparently big is what the public wants. So big is what we get.
Here they are: the new iPhones, posed next to last year’s model, so you can get an idea of the scale:
 
And here, for your reference, are the new iPhones among their Android rivals:
 
 
What’s wild is that at first, the iPhone 6 doesn’t seem bigger than the iPhone 5.
The first thing most people say when they pick it up is, “It doesn’t seem that big!”
You have to hold an iPhone 5s next to it before you really notice.
Part of the explanation may be the Apple diet: These new phones are thin. About a quarter of an inch. Thinner than their rivals from Samsung, HTC, or LG.
If you order one online, FedEx will probably slip it under your door.
 
 
The aluminium body has smooth, rounded edges — a more comfortable shape than the sharpened corners of the iPhone 4 and 5 era.
The ring around the camera lens on the back protrudes about a millimeter; it’s no longer perfectly flush.
 
 
The screens are terrific. The smaller iPhone 6’s screen has 1334 × 750 pixels, and the Plus’s screen is 1920 × 1080 pixels, which is full high definition.
Other phones have more pixels or smaller ones, but at this point, everybody is just chasing unicorns; these screens have long since exceeded the ability of our eyes to distinguish pixels.
What to do with more screen
There’s a downside to having a bigger screen: You have to carry around a bigger phone.
The small of hand won’t be thrilled about the added width. The iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, is a pocket-filler.
Apple is clearly aware of the drawbacks of gigantism. It has made some tweaks to make the size less awkward.
The power/sleep button, for example, is on the side now instead of the top, so your thumb can reach it. (That’s a problem for people who use a volume key on the opposite edge as the camera shutter.
Now when you grip the phone for photography, your thumb naturally falls on the sleep switch — and turns it off!)
The plus-sized 6 Plus, in fact, is well on its way to becoming an iPad Nano. As on an iPad, many of its built-in apps sprout extra panes when you turn the phone 90 degrees — like Mail and Calendar, for example:
 
 
Even the home screen rotates now, for the first time in iPhone history. (Some of Apple’s own apps rotate this way only on the 6 Plus, not the 6. Other software companies’ apps may rotate on both.)
 
 
Also on the Plus: When you’re typing in landscape mode, there’s so much extra space that Apple has thrown in some additional on-screen keys. On the left: buttons for Cut, Copy, Paste, Bold, and Undo. On the right: Punctuation keys and actual cursor keys—a first on the iPhone.
 
 
On both phones, if there’s something at the top of the screen, too far away for your shrimpy little thumb to reach, you can touch the home button twice (touch, not click) to make the screen image slide down so you can reach what was at the top.
 
 
With this larger phone now usable one-handed, what do you really get for all that size? There are some huge advantages to having a huge phone. The obvious one, of course, is more screen. Both models are much better for reading ebooks, answering email, watching movies, surfing the Web, and so on. The iPhone 6 Plus may look a little goofy when you hold it to your ear to make phone calls, especially if you’re small of head, but, wow, is it luxurious when you’re trying to consult a map.
A less-obvious advantage to huge is compensating for over-40 eyes. In Settings, you can specify whether you want your phone to show more, or to show the same thing bigger. Here’s the effect:
 
 
Apple has moved the Adjust Type Size (and Bold Text) controls out of the buried Settings panel where they used to be. They’re now front and center on the Display Preferences screen.
The upshot: With some Settings tweaks, these phones can be godsends for anyone who puts on reading glasses to check her phone.
The guts
Inside, Apple has been up to its usual tightening and polishing. There’s a new chip inside that Apple says is 25 percent faster. You wouldn’t notice it without testing the old and new phones side by side. Apps, for example, pop open about a half-second faster on the new phone.
Apple says that the radio circuitry inside can tune into 20 bands of LTE (fast cellular Internet), which means that this phone works on the high-speed Internet networks of many more countries than its rivals. (The Samsung Galaxy S5, for example, gets six bands of LTE.) That’s a perk only if you travel overseas, of course.
A bigger phone means there’s room for a bigger battery. The iPhone 6 gets slightly better battery life — 14 hours of reported talk time, up from 10; 11 hours of Web surfing on WiFi, up from 10. The iPhone 6 Plus gets substantially better life: 24 hours of talk time, 12 hours of browsing, and so on.
You’ll still have to charge the iPhone 6 daily, but the iPhone 6 Plus might actually make it two days on a charge.
 
 
The new iPhones still don’t have removable memory cards. But at least you can buy them with more storage than before: They come in 16-, 64-, and, now, 128-gigabyte versions.
That’s a heck of a lot of text messages and photos, although it’s weird that the sweet spot — 32 gigabytes — isn’t in the lineup.
The cellular circuitry offers some really cool refinements, although you won’t see the benefits for a while. The iPhone 6 is among the first VoLTE phones (pronounced “VOLty”).
It stands for “voice over LTE,” and it means super-clear, rich sound quality — like FM instead of AM — when you’re calling another VoLTE phone.
Unfortunately, VoLTE does nothing for you unless your cellphone carrier has upgraded its network.
The iPhone 6 can also place calls over WiFi. You call people the same way, but you get to use your indoor WiFi router, and you don’t use up any cellular minutes.
In fact, if you start a call in WiFi and then walk outside into a cellular LTE area, you don’t even drop the call.
To make this work, I had to change two settings in Settings and restart the phone — but it finally did work, and beautifully.
Apple Pay
Two years ago, I sought out a 7-Eleven near my house because it had a contactless payment terminal on its cash register:
 
 
I was testing Google Wallet, a feature of some Android phones that lets you pay for things without even pulling out your wallet; you could just hold the phone near that terminal thing.
But it took a lot of steps, including tapping in a security code with every purchase.
I recently visited the same 7-Eleven. You know what the guy told me? That the last person he remembered using his contactless terminal was me, two years ago.
Almost nobody pays by phone-tapping in this country, probably because it’s slower and clunkier than just swiping your credit card.
Apple Pay, new in the iPhone 6, will be different, Apple says.
The iPhone 6 models have an NFC chip inside (near-field communications), just like Android phones. That makes them work on those same contactless terminals.
But you won’t have to turn on your iPhone, open an app, or fool around with credit cards.
You just hold your phone (screen still asleep) near the terminal with your finger on the Home button.
The screen lights up, shows your preferred credit card, sends you a receipt, and the deal is done.
The Home button, of course, is also a fingerprint reader; no bad guy can steal your phone and then start buying stuff, unless he also chops off your thumb.
Nobody can try out Apple Pay yet, though, because Apple won’t be turning it on until October; at that point, we’ll get an iOS 8 software update that includes Apple Pay features. (One important one: You’ll be able to store your credit card details in the Passbook app just by taking a picture of your physical cards — no typing.)
Camera
The iPhone camera is getting scarily good. Here are a few samples:
 

JDU warns of attempts for imposition of  Pakistan model  in IndiaSep 17, 2014 at 10:58pm IST
JDU warns of attempts for imposition of 'Pakistan model' in India
4
0
New Delhi: Targeting BJP over the issue of communalism, JD(U) on Wednesday asked minorities, OBCs, SCs and STs to come together even as it warned of attempts for the imposition of a "Pakistan model" in the country.
"Some people say Hinduism is in danger. There is no other country in the world where the majority community says it is in danger. "They are saying that madrasas do not hoist the national flag. It has been hoisted there at least four times in my presence," JD(U) President Sharad Yadav said on Wednesday in an apparent reference to BJP. He was addressing a minority conference of the party.
Yadav's remarks come in the wake of the row triggered by BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj who alleged that madrassas were giving "education of terrorism". The BJP MP had also questioned why madarassas do not hoist the tricolour on national holidays.
"Some people say Hinduism is in danger. There is no other country in the world where the majority community says it is in danger," JD(U) President Sharad Yadav said.
#india #pakistan #jdu #sharad yadav
Yadav further talked of the need for the "coming together of 80 per cent population" of the country and also told the audience that "changing religion does not change your caste".
Rajya Sabha MP and JD(U) leader Ali Anwar Ansari cautioned against attempts at turning India into another Pakistan and also took a dig at Muslim leaders making provocative statements.
Without naming Imam Bukhari and AIMIM leader Akbaruddin Owaisi, Ansari said that while the former's utterances, which are touted as fatwas, lead to "counter polarisation" more than polarising Muslims, the "other leader in Hyderabad says that one Muslim will be more powerful than 100 Hindus".
He was apparently referring to comments by the AIMIM leader in 2012 that Muslims would need just 15 minutes without the police to show 100 crore Hindus who is more powerful. Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi and his immediate
predecessor and party leader Nitish Kumar could not attend the conference, which was attended by party MPs Pawan Verma, Kahkashan Parveen and former MP Ramsundar Das, among others.
The poor showing by BJP in Assembly by-elections in Uttar Pradesh came up repeatedly during the conference with Ansari noting that it had set off the "panic button" for the ruling party at the Centre. "Communalism advances into fascism. We need to go beyond Mandal politics to counter it," Ansari said.
0

Tamil Nadu: HC dispenses with the personal appearance of DMK supremo Karunanidhi2
0
Chennai: The Madras High Court on Wednesday dispensed with the personal appearance of DMK President and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi before the Justice (Retd) R Regupathi Commission, appointed by the government to probe irregularities in the construction of new secretariat complex at Omandurar Estate.
Justice V Ramasubramanian, while passing interim orders on a writ petition filed by the DMK chief, said, "The immediate question of Karunanidhi appearing before the Commission does not arise." He adjourned the case for two weeks.
T Muthukumaraswamy, senior counsel for the DMK chief submitted that a questionnaire is permitted to be received by and filled by him. The judge then directed Secretary of the Commission and state Chief Secretary to file their counters. Justice (Retd) Regupathy was appointed as the one-man commission of inquiry by the government on December 2, 2011 to probe the alleged irregularities in the construction of the complex causing "loss" to the exchequer when Karunanidhi was the Chief Minister.
Justice V Ramasubramanian, while passing interim orders on a writ petition filed by the DMK chief, said, "The immediate question of Karunanidhi appearing before the Commission does not arise."
#madras high court #dmk #m karunanidhi #omandurar estate
The commission had earlier issued summons to Karunanidhi for his personal appearance before it on Septmeber 18 to answer the questionnaire. Challenging it, Karunanidhi filed a petition in the High Court seeking to quash the order of constituting the Commission of Inquiry.
He contended that when inquiry commission allowed him to represent himself through a legal practitioner, it cannot compel his personal appearance. He said there was no reason for the Commission to compel his personal appearance before it and there is no power under the Commission of Inquiry Act 1952 to direct a person under section 8B to appear in person when law permits representation through a lawyer under section 8C.
He sought to quash the summons as well as the Government order appointing Justice Regupathy as the one-man Commission of Inquiry.
2

Don t be disheartened by the bypoll results  Shah tells BJP workersDon't be disheartened by the bypoll results, Shah tells BJP workers
CNN-IBN | Sep 17, 2014 at 10:43pm
Boosting the enthusiasm in his partymen, BJP chief Amit Shah said that the recent bypoll results should not be given importance and BJP will sweep the upcoming assembly elections of Maharashtra and Harayana.
Add your comments
Maharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Gujarat rolls out the red carpet for Chinese president Xi JinpingAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K: Haj flights to begin form September 20  says Peerzada8
0
Jammu: Haj flights from the state will resume from Saturday and around 3,750 people are expected to fly to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage, Jammu and Kashmir's Minister for Hajj and Auqaf Peerzada Mohammad Sayed said on Wednesday.
"The flight for 3,575 Hajjis would be started from September, 20 and devotees should report to Srinagar Airport at 7 AM," Sayed said, during a high-level meeting to discuss modalities to resume Hajj flights for the left over pilgrims.
The meeting was attended by Commissioner Secretary Revenue Vinod Kaul, Director Information Tasudaq Geelani, Director Airports, Hajj office and other senior officers of police and civil administration.
"The flight for 3,575 Hajjis would be started from September, 20 and devotees should report to Srinagar Airport at 7 AM," Jammu and Kashmir's Minister for Hajj and Auqaf Peerzada Mohammad Sayed said.
#haj #jammu and kashmir #haj yatra #auqaf peerzada mohammad sayed
The pilgrims of the flight which would depart at 12 PM for their onward journey to Mecca. Similarly, pilgrims of the second flight would be required to report at 12 noon which would depart at 2 PM.
Each flight would ferry 275 pilgrims and in total 13 flights would be operate for the pilgrims, he said. It was also informed that there would be no flight for September 23, and pilgrims would be provided ahram at Srinagar and they are also requested to bring their passports and tickets with them, he added.
It was also decided that haj pilgrims, who reports directly at the airport, shall be provided all facilities so that the movement was hassle free.
It was also informed that since the pilgrims shall be giving to Makkah Mubarak, they will have to wear ahram at airport for which there shall be adequate facilities.
The pilgrims are requested to keep the ahram and chappal in the handbag. It was emphasised that only one person driving the vehicle should accompany the pilgrims as no other person shall be allowed to enter the airport.
3

Credit growth slows to 12.6% in JulyCredit growth slows to 12.6% in July
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Aug 31:  
Banks’ non-food credit rose 12.6 per cent year-on-year in July to Rs 56,17,500 crore from Rs 49,89,400 crore in the year-ago period.
Increase in non-food credit was a tad lower than the 13 per cent growth in the previous two months, according to the Reserve Bank data.
Last July, non-food credit had increased 14.8 per cent.
Bank credit to the agriculture sector rose 19.5 per cent to Rs 7,20,200 crore during the month from Rs 6,02,700 crore in the corresponding period last year. In July 2013, credit to the sector had risen 10.5 per cent.
Bank lending to the industry was much lower at 10.1 per cent to Rs 25,07,900 crore from Rs 22,77,400 crore in the year ago period. Last July, the increase in credit to industry was 15.9 per cent.
“Deceleration in credit growth was observed in infrastructure, basic metals, textiles, chemicals and food processing industries, among others,” the RBI said.
Services sector saw an increase of 12.3 per cent in the lending at Rs 13,17,600 crore in July as against Rs 11,73,700 crore last year same period. In July last year, the sector had seen an increase of 13.3 per cent in credit from banks.
During the month credit to NBFCs more than doubled to 11.5 per cent from 5.7 per cent in the year ago period. Personal loans growth inched down to 14.5 per cent from 17 per cent in the corresponding period last year.
Meanwhile, the RBI’s quarterly data on deposits and credit growth showed that growth rates in aggregate deposits and gross bank credit decelerated to 13.9 per cent and 13.8 per cent, respectively in March 2014 from 14.2 per cent and 15.1 per cent recorded a year ago.
“The deceleration in gross bank credit was observed across all population groups whereas deceleration in aggregate deposits was observed only in ‘urban’ centres,” the RBI said.
Public sector banks together contributed 74.1 per cent share in aggregate deposits and 73.3 per cent share in gross bank credit followed by private sector banks at 18.7 per cent and 19.4 per cent, respectively as of March 2014.
The credit—deposit ratio of all commercial banks stood at 78 per cent as of March 2014 with the numbers for public sector at 77.1 per cent, and that of private sector bank and foreign banks at 80.9 per cent, 87.4 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on August 31, 2014)
Related

Bank credit growth remains muted in DecBank credit growth remains muted in Dec
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Jan 24:  
Bank credit rose 14.8 per cent (year-on-year) in December 2013 compared with 14.3 per cent recorded in the corresponding period of the previous year.
This is according to the Reserve Bank of India’s statistics collected from select 47 scheduled commercial banks accounting for about 95 per cent of the total non-food credit.
Segment-wise details
The segments, which showed an increase in the rate of credit growth, were services and personal loans. But credit growth to agriculture and NBFC sectors grew at a much slower pace than the same period in the previous fiscal.
Credit to agriculture and allied activities increased by 11.5 per cent in December 2013 compared with 18.3 per cent in December 2012. Credit to industry increased by 14.1 per cent in December 2013 against 15.2 per cent in December 2012.
RBI said that deceleration in credit growth was observed in cement and cement products, infrastructure, metals and metal products, gems and jewellery, mining and quarrying, and petroleum, coal products and nuclear fuels.
Credit to services sector increased by 17.4 per cent in December 2013 compared with the increase of 10.9 per cent in December 2012. Personal loans increased by 15.8 per cent in December 2013 dominated by housing loans compared with the increase of 13.8 per cent in December 2012.
Credit to Non Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) increased by 15.1 per cent in December 2013 against 16.5 per cent in December 2012.
Priority sector loans (including loans to agriculture and allied services, micro credit, export credit, education loans, loans to weaker sections, etc) grew 17 per cent to Rs 17,36,700 crore as of December 31, 2013.
Personal loans grew nearly 16 per cent to Rs 9,99,000 crore, while credit card outstandings dipped slightly by 1.6 per cent to Rs 24,400 crore.
(This article was published on January 24, 2014)
Related

Supreme Court seeks Centres response on online rummy and card gamesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ENTERPRISE MOBILITY: The key to efficient and productive workforceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Investments at the core of Xi Jinpings India agendaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fighting Has Just Begun   Says Video Issued by Islamic...Fighting Has Just Begun   Says Video Issued by Islamic...
Deloitte may sign up 1.4 mn sqft space in Hy...Deloitte may sign up 1.4 million sq ft of office space in Hyderabad
Sobia Khan & Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.31AM IST
Tags:
Deloitte
(Companies are looking for…)
NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: India's commercial real estate market is seeing big deals being struck once again in the top cities. In one of the largest leasing deals in the country, Deloitte is close to signing up 1.4 million sq ft of office space in Hyderabad for its BPO business. This isn't the only 1 million sq ft plus leasing deal in the market at present. Several top companies are looking for space to consolidate their offices and, more importantly, prepare for the impending growth that is expected as the economy improves. Bangalore leads in terms of companies looking for large office spaces.
While Tata Consultancy Services recently took up just under a million sq ft of space split between Noida and Gurgaon in the National Capital Region, Flipkart is looking to set up a new 1.5 million sq ft campus in Bangalore keeping in view the tremendous pace at which the e-commerce sector has been growing-."This signals revival in growth prospects for business. Many of these companies now have visibility about new business coming in," said Anckur Srivasttava, chairman of GenReal Property Advisers. Until a few months ago, many companies were still not too sure about growth.
Political uncertainty added to this. With a strong government at the centre and some new policy measures, companies have felt emboldened to go ahead with their plans.
Others looking to lease office space include management consulting firm Accenture, which is scouting for a million sq ft of office space in Bangalore. American financial services firm Wells Fargo is looking to lease 1.2 million sq ft in the city. One million sq ft of office space seats more than 10,000 people.
Juggy Marwaha, managing director, south, for Jones Lang LaSalle, which has the mandate to hunt for space for Flipkart and several other companies, said Bangalore will come back to peak 2007 levels of office space absorption—between 8 and 9 million sq ft this year. A spokesman for Accenture said: "We regularly evaluate our real estate portfolio on an ongoing basis to meet our business requirements and align our office space requirements accordingly."
A spokeswoman for Deloitte said the company will not be able to comment due to its internal compliance and regulatory policies. Flipkart declined to comment. Aveek Mukherjee, managing director, Wells Fargo India Solutions said: "We are currently conducting a proactive exercise to understand our potential real estate options in the city. We are yet to finalise on any property or expansion at this time."
Many of these firms are looking at built-to-suit facilities that will be set up over the next 24 months or so by which time they expect the economy to also scale up. This is also an opportunity for many corporates to lock in real estate when rentals are low. "Everyone is now anticipating that supply in relevant areas will get constrained, so rentals will rise," said Anshul Jain, country chief executive at real estate consultancy DTZ. "There is also a pickup in demand because of positive economic indicators."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Soon  Samsung phones with in-house OS | Lava  Intex may launch Android One devicesAt Samsung’s global senior management meetings, about a third of the time is now being spent on the newly formed Media Solutions team.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Content will be the key differentiator for Samsung's future devices, as the Korean major tries to retain its leadership position globally, and in India.
At Samsung's global senior management meetings, about a third of the time is now being spent on the newly formed Media Solutions team, which is expected to launch Samsung's first in-house operating system phone after Diwali , said Tarun Malik, director of media solutions center, South West Asia.
"We started late, but we are very focused. We are not shooting in the wild. This is a game that has to be led by the device manufacturer and not the pipe (telecom operators)," Malik told ET.
The company, which launched the Samsung smart learning digital education store earlier in September, introduced a digital entertainment store, Club Samsung, on Wednesday. "We have a few more (offerings) in the pipeline over the next couple of weeks," Malik said.
According to him, Samsung expects around two million users for its content services in India over the next year. Malik heads a team of 50, one of nine such newly formed teams at Samsung which are focused on writing software and promoting content-based services. "We do both creation and curation of content for a device," he said.
The team is also responsible to promote and spruce up devices that are based on Tizen, an open-source mobile operating system built by Samsung. Tizen-based devices will be introduced in the Indian market in November. "It will coexist with the Android devices," he said.
Malik's team is responsible to increase the functionality of all Samsung devices including smart TVs and smart refrigerators apart from smartphones, a segment in which it currently leads the Indian market but has seen its lead narrow sharply over the last few quarters.
Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Technology, which tracks shipments, said last month that Gurgaon-based Micromax, the seller of Canvas-branded phones, had the largest market share among handset makers in India in the April-June quarter, dethroning Samsung.
IDC and CyberMedia Research said that while the Korean company was still the leader, the gap between the two had narrowed sharply. Samsung had disputed these findings.
Malik said even if some of its content services seem like duplicates of existing ones, the Indian market is large enough for all. "We have just scratched the surface." He gave the example of Samsung's messenger ChatOn. The company is upgrading it in spite of the slew of messengers available in the market.
Samsung's digital entertainment store competes with offerings from telecom operators, such as Vodafone's music store and Airtel's Wynk.
According to Malik, a device maker can deliver such offerings better than the telecom operator, primarily because the manufacturer has greater control over what can be embedded in a device. Malik said in the Indian scenario, apart from some key cities, one cannot bet on streaming content, or content that is downloaded as it is consumed.

As Scotland votes today  excitement  anxietymountsOn the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren says she “can almost taste’’ independence. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburgh (scotland) | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:57 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 7:47 am
Excitement and anxiety are mounting in Scotland on the final day of campaigning before an independence referendum.
Supporters of separation feel they are within touching distance of victory, but wonder whether their surge in the polls will be enough.
Voters who want to stay in the United Kingdom fear the country they live in may soon cease to exist.
The campaign has been peaceful, if heated. But the gravity of the imminent decision is hitting home as political leaders make their passionate final speeches on Wednesday.
Cathy Chance, who works for Britain’s National Health Service in Edinburgh, says she’ll leave Scotland if it becomes independent: “I don’t think the world needs another political barrier.’’
On the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren says she “can almost taste’’ independence.

India-China confrontation in Ladakh continues; Modi likely to raise the issue during talks with Jinping28
0
New Delhi: Repeated incursions by China's People's Liberation Army into the Indian side al9ng the Line of Actual Control will figure in the talks between the two countries on Thursday on day 2 of meetings between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping. India and China held a second flag meet on Wednesday after a Brigadier-level flag meeting held on Monday on the face-off in Ladakh was inconclusive.
The flag meet was held to discuss the recent confrontation that took place between Chinese troops and civilians at Chumar and Demchok sectors in Ladakh. But Wednesday's flag meeting was also inconclusive.
2014 has seen a spike in Chinese incursions as there have been more than 300 incidents till August 2014.
#chinese incursion #ladakh #xi jinping #narendra modi
Indian and Chinese troops are almost at an eyeball to eyeball confrontation in the Chumar sector. In the Demchok area, it is an unusual situation as it is believed that Chinese civilians are holding the ground.
The Chinese President was on Wednesday given a red carpet welcome in Ahmedabad, Modi's hometown, where he was accorded a police guard of honour, then received at the Hyatt hotel, before being taken for a visit to the Sabarmati ashram and then for dinner at a beautifully-illuminated Sabarmati riverfront. The Chinese President and his wife Peng Liyuan seemed impressed. The couple was seen enjoying folk dances at the riverfront before they headed for the 150-dish Gujarati cuisine dinner in a dome at the venue.
India and China also signed two key pacts on Wednesday: to set up an industrial park in Ahmedabad and for cultural exchanges between Ahmedabad and the Guangzhou city.
Jinping is accompanied by a high-powered business delegation of 50 members. India has sought Chinese investment to boost India's railway, manufacturing and power sectors. Modi is also likely to urge China to open its domestic market to address the trade imbalance and stop its military trade with Pakistan.
0

Jet Airlines seeks more time to pay pilots  salary arrearsSep 17, 2014, 09.58 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jet Airlines seeks more time to pay pilots' salary arrears
Jet Airlines seeks more time to pay pilots' salary arrears
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jet Airlines seeks more time to pay pilots' salary arrears
Jet Airlines seeks more time to pay pilots' salary arrears
Post your opinion here
 
Jet Airways  management assured its pilots of legal help today to deal with DGCA notices to them, even as it sought more time to pay salary arrears worth Rs 100 crore, sources said today.
The assurance to pilots came after a meeting between the two sides at the airline's headquarters here today, airline sources told PTI today evening.
"At the meeting, we requested the management to support us on various notices served to our colleagues by the aviation regulator. The management responded positively to our request," sources said.
The management also said that it would "reconsider" internal warning letters to a dozen odd pilots, which were served to them for various counts in the recent past, sources added.
It may be mentioned here that earlier this month, the DGCA had cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory bi-annual exams and issued show-cause notices to the airline, questioning its pilot training programme.
Notices were issued to pilots, as also Jet's Chief Operating Officer and Training Chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team. The meeting, which lasted for nearly six hours, was attended by the Jet Airways Group Chief Executive Hameed Ali, Chief Executive (Designate) Cramer Ball, Senior Vice President for Flight Operations Nikihil Ved and Senior Vice President for Human Resources Samar Srivastava from the management side, while five members from the National Aviators' Guild represented the pilots.
Sources also said that the management sought more time to clear salary arrears of pilots amounting to Rs 100 crore, since it is working on modalities of the payout.
"The management said that it will pay the arrears but needs some more time to work out modalities," sources said.
Jet Airways stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jet Airways closed at Rs 261.10, up Rs 2.30, or 0.89 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 328.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 203.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -196.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -1.33.
RELATED NEWS

United fight led to good show: Sachin PilotPrint
Written by Manoj C G | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:48 am
Having scripted his party’s victory in three Assembly seats, Rajasthan Congress president Sachin Pilot Wednesday said a united party, micro management and right selection of candidates were the reasons for the good bypoll showing. After the drubbing in the Assembly elections last year and decimation in the Lok Sabha polls, he said every leader understood the need for putting up a united fight.
The Congress in Rajasthan had been a divided house and factionalism has been identified as one of the reasons for the debacle in the Assembly polls last year. “We were reduced to 21 in the Assembly polls. And we lost all the 25 seats in the LS polls. Everybody, senior or junior, has understood that everyone will have to fight unitedly,” he said.
Pilot said the bypoll victory in Rajasthan as well as in Gujarat was a vote against the Narendra Modi government. “The victory of the ABVP in university elections (Delhi University) is credited to Modi. The same yardstick should be applied now. The BJP will have to answer whether CM Vasundhara Raje or Modi be blamed for the defeat,” he said. “The bypolls were keenly watched across the country. It will no doubt give a boost to the Congress and the party will now come back,” he said.
Pilot said the key for the good showing in Rajasthan was booth level management, selection of right candidates and participation of all leaders. The students, youth and women wings of the party besides the Seva Dal were roped in and each of them were given a constituency.
The bypolls were keenly watched across the country. It will no doubt give a boost to the Congress and the party will now come back

FO cues: Nifty 8000 Put adds 5.5 lakh shares in OINifty 8200 Call added 4.8 lakh shares in Open Interest on September 17
Nifty 8000 Put added 5.5 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 7700 Put added 6.5 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 7850 Put added 5.7 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8150 Call added 1.2 lakh shares in Open Interest
FIIs in F&O on September 17 (Provisional data from NSE)
FIIs net buy Rs 52 crore in Index Futures; Open Interest contracts down by 13,288
FIIs net buy Rs 991 crore in Index Options; Open Interest contracts up by 25,454
FIIs net buy Rs 104 crore in Stock Futures; Open Interest contracts down by 4,435
RELATED NEWS

Stocks in news: Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy  YES Bank  Apollo TyresSep 18, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Stocks in news: Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, YES Bank, Apollo Tyres
Sun Pharma | Ranbaxy Labs | NCC | SPML Infra | Chambal Fertilizers | YES Bank | GTL Infrastructure | Apollo Tyres | Samruddhi Realty | Mirc Electronics | MCX India and Jet Airways are stocks, which are in the news today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stocks in news: Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, YES Bank, Apollo Tyres
Sun Pharma | Ranbaxy Labs | NCC | SPML Infra | Chambal Fertilizers | YES Bank | GTL Infrastructure | Apollo Tyres | Samruddhi Realty | Mirc Electronics | MCX India and Jet Airways are stocks, which are in the news today.
Post your opinion here
Here are stocks that are in news today:
Sun Pharma  and Merck sign exclusive drug licensing agreement
-Sun Pharma, Merck agreement for Merck's skin ailment drug Tildrakizumab
-Sun Pharma to pay USD 80 million for worldwide rights for Merck's drug
-Sun Pharma to fund development and regulatory activities for Tildrakizumab
Alert: Tildrakizumab is Merck's skin ailment drug in phase 3 trials
Jet Airways  seeks for more time from pilots to pay Rs 100 crore arrears: Sources
-Jet Airways likely to come up with a plan to pay pilots soon
-Jet Airways assures pilots to support on their licence cancellation notice from Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA)
Alert: DGCA served some Jet pilots notice to cancel licence as they were working despite licence expiry
Ranbaxy Labs  receives civil investigative demand (CID) from US Justice Department
Ranbaxy says
-CID w.r.t the manner in which co reports pricing data for certain products
-US DoJ CID not allegation of demand for compensation
-Company would fully co-operate with US Justice Department investigation
FMC says  MCX can launch contracts for 2015 after compliance of order
-MCX contracts can be launched once new tech agreement signed
-MCX directed to take pending actions on PwC report findings
-MCX to submit compliance report by October 15
Sources say
-Cost for MCX may come down by 30-40 percent as per new contract
-Duration of new tech contract may reduce to 10 years from 33 years
-Temporary disruption of operations in Jammu & Kashmir due to floods
-Adequately insured but cannot assess financial loss as of now
-Over 450 towers have been affected due to J&K floods
-Team working with officials to normalise operations in affected areas
Corporate Action
- BGR Energy : Ex- dividend Rs 3/share
- NCC : Rights issue ex-date - Issue of 7 equity shares for every 6 equity shares held
- Samruddhi Realty : Bonus issue ex-date - Issue of 1 bonus equity share each for every 5 existing held
- Mirc Electronics : Rights issue ex-Date – Issue of 5 equity shares on rights basis for every 13 equity shares held
BSE/NSE changes
-Shifting of 27 scrips of BSE and 6 scrips of NSE to Z group with effect from September 24
-This is due to non-compliance for two consecutive quarters i.e March 2014 and June 2014

Super Six buy or sell calls for September 18Sep 18, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Super Six buy or sell calls for September 18
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com advises buying Ranbaxy Laboratories with a target of Rs 620-630 and Crompton Greaves with a target of Rs 222-226.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Super Six buy or sell calls for September 18
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com advises buying Ranbaxy Laboratories with a target of Rs 620-630 and Crompton Greaves with a target of Rs 222-226.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Bazaar on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Malkan, Manas Jaiswal  and Hemen Kapadia share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com
Buy  Ranbaxy Laboratories with a stoploss at Rs 585 and target of Rs 620-630
Buy  Crompton Greaves with a stoploss at Rs 208 and target of Rs 222-226
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Sell  IRB Infrastructure Developers with a stoploss at Rs 248 and target of Rs 230
Buy  ABB with a stoploss at Rs 1200 and target of Rs 1295
Hemen Kapadia of KR Choksey Securities
Buy  Adani Enterprises with a stoploss at Rs 492 and target of Rs 504
Buy  Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) with a stoploss at Rs 404 and target of Rs 416
RELATED NEWS

Kem chho  Narendra Modi asks Chinese delegates; maja ma  they replyKem chho  Narendra Modi asks Chinese delegates; maja ma  they reply
Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 18Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 18
Sun Pharma in focus on inking pact with MerckSun Pharma in focus on inking pact with Merck
If Yogi Adityanath spoke in Bihar like he did in UP  we would have contradicted him: Sushil ModiWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
If Yogi Adityanath spoke in Bihar like he did in UP, we would have contradicted him: Sushil Modi
As the BJP in Uttar Pradesh faces up to its bypoll setback after a polarising campaign that elevated love jihad to a central theme and promoted Yogi Adityanath to the status of star campaigner, the party is affirming a significantly separate course ...

Saradha scam: Days after CBI raid  former Assam DGP Shankar Barua kills selfSaradha scam: Days after CBI raid  former Assam DGP Shankar Barua kills self
Apollo Tyres - Apollo Tyres confirms Hungary as the location...Apollo Tyres - Apollo Tyres confirms Hungary as the location...
Indian ADRs: Infosys  HDFC Bank downIndian ADRs: Infosys  HDFC Bank down
To push Make in India  Modi govt reaches out to pvt sector  hires ex-McKinsey chiefTo push Make in India  Modi govt reaches out to pvt sector  hires ex-McKinsey chief
Pre-market: Markets to react to US Fed decisionPre-market: Cautious start likely post US Fed decision
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 08:34 AM IST
Markets are likely to take cues from the Asian markets and weigh the Fed Reserve's decision to keep interest rates near zero for "considerable time".
Overseas investors bought Indian shares worth of 1.36 billion rupees ($22.3 million) on Wednesday.
The early indicator, SGX Nifty was trading at 7,957 levels down 33 points at 0830 hrs.
US stocks edged higher in volatile trading on Wednesday after the US Federal Reserve renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
Interest rate projections, however, show Fed officials expect rate hikes, when they come, will do so at a quicker pace than previously forecast. The US dollar jumped against the euro and yen after the statement and data release.
Shares in financials, up 0.4 percent, extended gains to end the session as one of the better performing S&P sectors took the lead on the S&P 500.
Japanese shares jumped on Thursday after the dollar vaulted to a six-year peak on the yen as the Federal Reserve's outlook for rising rates underlined the diverging path between the United states and the rest of the rich world.
The euro skidded to a 14-month trough while gold hit an eight-month low as the dollar swept higher across the board, a move that many investors have been itching to wager on all year.
Indeed, the hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
STOCKS TO WATCH
In a bid to grab the opportunity created by diesel reaching market-parity price, Reliance Industries (RIL) has set the ball rolling on reopening its fuel retail outlets, after a gap of six years, and the company is in discussions with its dealers for a higher commission.
Mayank Pareek, the chief operating officer (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL), has put in papers after nearly 20 years of service to pursue 'better opportunities', say sources familiar with the development.
Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) has got a three-month conditional extension from the commodity markets regulator, Forward Markets Commission (FMC), to launch contracts till next March.
The US-based Merck & Co., Inc. and Sun Pharmaceuticals have entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement for Merck's dermatology molecule - tildrakizumab (MK-3222), which is currently under phase 3 registration trials.
GVK's Australian partner Aurizon has decided to postpone its commitment to the coal mine development project till early next year thus delaying the project's timeline by two years as coal prices falling - making it unviable to mine coal in the near future.

Gold  silver prices extend fall on global cuesGold, silver prices extend fall on global cues, sluggish demand
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices fell further by Rs 195 to close at fresh three-month low of Rs 27,415 per ten gram in the national capital on continued selling by stockists, driven by weakening global trend.
Silver remained under selling pressure and lost another Rs 600 to Rs 41,300 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiment remained weak after gold dropped to a seven-month low and silver slumped to the lowest since June 2013 in global markets as speculation that US borrowing costs will rise sooner-than-expected strengthened the dollar, eroding demand for precious metals as alternative investment.
Besides, fading domestic demand due to ongoing 'Shraads', an inauspicious fortnight in Hindu mythology for making new purchases, influenced the sentiment to some extent, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 0.7 per cent to     $1,232.33 an ounce, the lowest since January 23, and silver by 1.3 per cent to $18.46 an ounce, the lowest since June 28, 2013.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 195 each to Rs 27,415 and Rs 27,215 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on June 13.
It had lost Rs 190 on Thursday . Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready dropped by Rs 600 to Rs 41,300 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 690 to Rs 41,200 per kg.
The white metal had lost Rs 270 in last trade. Silver coins nosedived by Rs 3,000 to Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces on poor demand.

He came  he saw  he bowled city overUpdated: September 17, 2014 08:32 IST
He came, he saw, he bowled city over
SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN
MAN OF THE MOMENT: What’s important is that you have to be passionate about what you are doing, says Arnold Schwarzenegger. Photo: Pei Ting Wong
TOPICS
celebrity
How Arnold Schwarzenegger kept Chennai in his grip during a day-long visit
He met the bigwigs of the Indian film industry. He met the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu as well. But it was India’s movie fans who blew Hollywood ‘Terminator’ Arnold Schwarzenegger’s mind. The actor, in Chennai for the audio launch of Tamil film I, said, “It’s the fans who make movies run. I’ve been to India many times but this is my first visit to Chennai. I’ve always wanted to come for the red carpet, and finally, I am here for it.”
But that was late on Monday evening at the Nehru Stadium. Schwarzenegger’s day out in Chennai started in the wee hours of Monday, when he arrived at the airport, only to be whisked away to The Leela Palace, where he was put up at the Chairman Suite.
The Hollywood superstar, it seems, was very impressed with the view of the city and the sea from his table at the Spectra restaurant at the hotel.
Apart from the sea, the actor was interested in learning more about the artefacts such as the silver elephants, crystal maharaja chair and the bronze items in his suite.
His elaborate breakfast included scrambled eggs, cereals… and namma dosa, which the actor seemed to enjoy. He specially enquired about the batter.
If the food impressed him a lot, so did the films. “India makes so many films. The number of films made here is far more than what Americans make,” he explained. Is he interested in starring in a film here? “I’d love to work in an Indian movie soon.”
The actor reiterated that point when, at the audio launch, he said on the dais, “I came all the way from Hollywood looking for a job in India. I want to act in your movies. I want to do your next movie, Shankar (director).”
It’s not just movies but his work as governor of California, that made him popular. And, Schwarzenegger is still very passionate about working on that front.
“Having run the fitness crusade for the longest time, this is my new challenge to build sustainable and green governments across the U.S., India and China — the three biggest polluters of the world,” he stated.
Though he was in the city just for a day, the superstar did not miss his fitness regime. His morning schedule included a 45-minute intense workout at the gym, during which he did some resistance training, chest and shoulder press. That was followed by an hour-long spa treatment, where he opted for the signature 60-minute deep muscle massage.
Apart from being known as an actor and a politician, Schwarzenegger is a big name in bodybuilding circles, having inspired several people across the world to take it up.
When asked about his journey, he said, “Many start and end their lives with one job, but I was fortunate to be successful in my bodybuilding career, which led me to becoming a leading actor. Then, the chance came for me to be the governor of California for seven years. It was a good run. What’s important is that you have to be passionate about what you are doing.”
(With inputs from Pei Ting Wong)
Arnie unplugged
* I’d love to act in an Indian film soon. I want to act in your movies. Make a movie with me, maybe Conan…
* Aascar Ravichandran has been promoting my films in India. I thank him for that. Shankar is a creative director and comes up with stunning imagery that will be successful.
* Movies are international; they speak to the whole world.
* I eat foods that keep me lean. I had grilled fish for lunch in Chennai — nice and high on protein.
* I already speak Spanish, German, and English. So, I guess I won’t be speaking Tamil anytime soon.
His food loves
* Black coffee and croissants were among the first things the actor ordered.
* Arnold tried out the plain dosa for breakfast and loved it.
* For dinner, he experimented with some tandoor tiger prawns and also indulged in garlic naan and malai kulfi.

Fastest decline in child mortality rates witnessedUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:16 IST
Fastest decline in child mortality rates witnessed
R. Prasad
The Hindu There are currently 548 special newborn care units in India for babies that have very serious conditions. Photo: K. Ramesh Babu
TOPICS
health
New data released today (September 16) by the United Nations Organisation show that under-five mortality rates have dropped by 49 per cent between 1990 and 2013. There has been accelerated average annual reduction during this period but overall progress is still short of meeting the global target of two-thirds decrease in under-five mortality by 2015.
New estimates in Levels and Trends in Child Mortality 2014 show that in 2013, globally, 6.3 million children under five years of age died from mostly preventable causes. Compared with 2012, the 2013 numbers show a reduction of 200,000 deaths. The reduction is only marginal as there are still 17,000 child deaths every day in the world.
The neonatal period (0-27 days) is the most vulnerable period for a newborn. It is therefore not surprising that in 2013, 2.8 million babies across the world died during this period. The 2.8 million neonatal deaths account for 44 per cent of all under-five deaths in children.
India has the highest number of neonatal deaths in the world. Of the three million neonatal deaths globally in 2012, 779,000 took place in India.
If the neonatal period is vulnerable, the first day of life (24 hours) is even more critical. Of the 2.8 million babies dying across the world during the first 27 days, death during the first day of birth alone accounts for one million. What is poignant is that over 300,000 newborn deaths in India are on the very first day of birth. Thus, India accounts for about one-third of all babies dying globally on the first day of birth.
What is shocking is that many of the neonatal deaths can be easily prevented with simple, cost-effective interventions before, during and immediately after birth. Of the three periods, the time close to delivery is most critical and any failures in the healthcare system during this short window period lead to more newborn deaths.
In June this year, WHO, UNICEF and partners issued the first-ever global plan to end preventable newborn deaths and stillbirths by 2035. The Every Newborn Action Plan requires all countries to take the necessary steps to provide basic, cost-effective health services — in particular around the time of childbirth, as well as for small and sick babies — and to improve the quality of care.
“The global community is poised to end preventable maternal, newborn and child deaths within a generation,” Dr. Flavia Bustreo, Assistant Director General at WHO said in a release. “We know what to do and we know how to do it. The challenge now is to move from plan to action — we are pleased to see countries like India beginning to lead the way.”
India’s performance
“Fifty-six per cent of under-five child mortality in India is from neonatal mortality. Neonatal mortality had remained stable [in India] for a long time,” said Dr. Ajay Khera, Deputy Commissioner and Public Health Expert, Child Health Programme, Ministry of Health and Family Affairs, India. “Neonatal mortality rate was 37 per 1,000 live births in 2003 and by 2009 it dropped to 34. But from 2009 to 2012 the rate dropped from 34 to 29.”
“There was a decline of five points in three years [from 2009 to 2012], while it dropped only three points in six years [from 2003 to 2009],” he said.
There was a global stagnation in neonatal mortality for a long period and India’s stable condition was a reflection of the global trend. The reason: the Millennium Development Goal (MDG) targeted only under-five mortality reduction and as a result the reduction in child mortality more than doubled in the last ten years compared with previous decades.
“By contrast, newborn mortality and stillbirth reduction did not feature in the MDG and had slower progress compared with overall under-five mortality and maternal mortality during the same period,” notes a paper published on August 2 in The Lancet.
“India has shown significant reduction in neonatal mortality in the last two years. Every year [since 2009 when the rate was 34] we have reduced the rate,” Dr. Khera said. “In 2010 the [neonatal mortality] rate was 33, in 2011 it was 31 and in 2012 it dropped two points to 29.”
“The government has accorded highest priority to improving newborn health and it has come out with special interventions to improve newborn survival,” he said.
Four major interventions
The first of the four major interventions to reduce neonatal mortality has been the promotion of institutional deliveries by providing conditional cash transfer to pregnant women. In addition to cash transfer incentive, women delivering in government institutions are guaranteed free drugs, diagnostic tests, diet and free transport to the healthcare centre.
Getting pregnant women to healthcare facilities where trained healthcare workers are present greatly improves the chances of survival of the newborn babies.
“Institutional deliveries five years back were 40 per cent but are now 70 per cent,” Dr. Khera said.
While institutional deliveries have reduced neonatal mortality, the rate of reduction fails to reflect the increase in institutional deliveries. For instance, in the three States of Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Odisha, the mortality during the period 0-7 days is still high despite institutional deliveries being 63 per cent, 46 per cent and 53 per cent respectively.
“There are several reasons for this,” said Dr. Khera. “The first is to do with the quality of skill training of healthcare workers. Multi-deliveries by women at short intervals is one of other reasons for newborn deaths. So family planning has to be given importance and pregnant mothers need to be educated on spacing between births, having fewer children and the need for rest during pregnancy. These are happening simultaneously but changes will take time to show up.”
He also said that the proportion of women wanting to deliver at home despite the conditional cash transfer and other incentives is only 10-20 per cent. “The proportion of women wanting to deliver at home has reduced drastically,” he said.
Second intervention
The second major government intervention has been the establishment of newborn care corners. “The newborn care corners have been started all over the country. There are currently 14,000 such care corners, roughly three or four per district,” Dr. Khera said. The newborn care corners provide immediate care for newborns to further improve their chances of survival.
Third intervention
The third major initiative of the government is the establishment of special newborn care units. Currently, there are 548 such units across the country. “The special newborn units care for babies that have very serious conditions. Every year six lakh newborn babies get admitted. But for these units they would have died,” he said.
Fourth intervention
The last major initiative has been the home visits of newborns by nine lakh ASHA workers. “During home visits, the ASHA workers educate the mothers on breastfeeding, the importance of keeping the babies warm and also identify sick newborns and refer them to units where they can get admitted,” Dr. Khera said.
Greater attention should be focussed on improving breastfeeding within an hour of birth as it can save 44 per cent of newborns. “The first breast milk is colostrum which is thicker and nutritious. It is important on several counts -- it provides early nutrition, has vitamin A, decreases jaundice, has antibodies from the mother which decreases infections, improves newborn development. Early breastfeeding also provides the baby with warmth and provides bonding with the mother," Dr. Shyama Kuruvilla, Senior Technical Officer, Knowledge for Policy, Partnership for Maternal, Newborn & Child Health (PMNCH) hosted by WHO said in an email to this Correspondent.
Areas of concern
There are still some critical areas where more action has to be taken to further reduce newborn and neonatal mortality. For instance, of the 2.6 million stillbirths in the world, 600,000 are in India. Stillbirths take place quite close to the time of delivery and hence there are chances of preventing such deaths.
Another area that needs focus is the reduction in preterm births. According to a 2012 WHO report, there were 100,000 to 250,000 preterm births in India. Premature birth is one that takes place more than three weeks before the baby (after less than 37 weeks of pregnancy) is due for normal delivery. Preterm births cause about 50 per cent of neonatal mortality and the precise reasons are not known. But surely, increasing the spacing between two births, preventing adolescent pregnancy and providing medical care will go a long way in reducing the number of preterm births.

USFDA Nod: Aurobindo upSep 17, 2014, 09.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Aurobindo Pharma jumps 3%, gets USFDA nod for Amoxicillin
Amoxicillin for oral suspension is the generic equivalent to the reference listed drug product (RLD) of Teva and indicated in the treatment of infections due to susceptible Betalactamase-negative strains of the designated micro-organisms.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aurobindo Pharma jumps 3%, gets USFDA nod for Amoxicillin
Amoxicillin for oral suspension is the generic equivalent to the reference listed drug product (RLD) of Teva and indicated in the treatment of infections due to susceptible Betalactamase-negative strains of the designated micro-organisms.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Aurobindo Pharma jumped 3 percent intraday on Wednesday as it received US drug regulator's nod for generic version of Amoxicillin for oral suspension.
"US Food & Drug Administration (US FDA) has given final approval to manufacture and market Amoxicillin. The product has a market size of around USD 19 million for the 12 months ending July 2014, according to IMS," the company said in a statement.
Amoxicillin for oral suspension is the generic equivalent to the reference listed drug product (RLD) of Teva and indicated in the treatment of infections due to susceptible Betalactamase-negative strains of the designated micro-organisms.
The company also added that the abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) has been approved out of Unit XII, semi-synthetic penicillin (SSP) formulation facility in Hyderabad.
At 09:41 hrs Aurobindo Pharma was quoting at Rs 863.40, up Rs 9.10, or 1.07 percent on the BSE.
(Posted by Nasrin Sultana)

Nomura downgrades CiplaSep 17, 2014, 11.35 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla down 2% on Nomura downgrade, valuations expensive
According to the report, the valuation seems expensive as the brokerage sees limited upside risk to earnings in the near term.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla down 2% on Nomura downgrade, valuations expensive
According to the report, the valuation seems expensive as the brokerage sees limited upside risk to earnings in the near term.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cipla fell more than 2 percent intraday Wednesday after Nomura downgraded the stock to reduce from neutral rating, citing valuation to be expensive.
The brokerage has price target on the stock at Rs 569, implying 9.7 percent potential downside.
According to the report, the valuation looks expensive as the brokerage sees limited upside risk to earnings in the near term. "Cipla’s stock has increased 64 percent since May 31 2014 versus the Sensex return of 11 percent. The stock trades at 35.7x FY15F and 26x FY16F EPS of Rs 17.65 and Rs 24.27 respectively, a 30-45 percent premium to peers," it elaborated.
However, the brokerage doesn’t expect revenue composition to change significantly, and rise in R&D spend should result in limited EBITDA margin expansion.
It believes investors expectations from Cipla’s inhaler franchise have risen after the recent launch of Seretide MDI in select EU markets. The approval is a positive development, but approvals for other high-value inhalers in the EU and the US still have significant regulatory challenges.
Cipla, on September 2, launched Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) called Serroflo or Salmeterol/Fluticasone combination in Germany and Sweden . The total market size there is less than USD 100 million. This new launch is a substitute for Advair. The total market size for inhalers - Advair/ Seretide - is around USD 800 million in Europe and UK constitutes nearly half of that, which comes up to USD 350 million.
For Seretide MDI, Nomura is cautious as generic penetration and substitutability of inhalers is likely to be lower and Glaxo may be aggressive on pricing.
"Our industry checks suggest that Cipla has priced Seretide MDI at 40 percent discount to the innovator in Germany which is a small market. The discount could be higher for the UK, which is a much larger market. Further, the discount will likely
increase with additional competition," the brokerage said.
So it prefers Dr Reddy’s , which is at a similar market cap and trades at 36 percent/25 percent discount to Cipla on FY15F/FY16F P/E.
At 10:42 hours IST, the scrip of Cipla was quoting at Rs 613.50, down Rs 6.15, or 0.99 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Brokers upbeat on LupinSep 17, 2014, 01.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Merck Serono deal to help Lupin in long term: Brokerages
With maintaining overweight rating on the stock, Morgan Stanley views this deal as a longer-term incremental positive to Lupin's current business model, and it thinks it is unlikely to materially affect financials for the next 3-4 years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Merck Serono deal to help Lupin in long term: Brokerages
With maintaining overweight rating on the stock, Morgan Stanley views this deal as a longer-term incremental positive to Lupin's current business model, and it thinks it is unlikely to materially affect financials for the next 3-4 years.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Lupin saw consolidation on Wednesday after 3.7 percent loss in previous session following 9 percent upside from last Friday. The reason for the stock not attracting more buying interest even after the announcement of Merck Serono deal may be because of analysts' concerns who state that the deal is not going to generate any revenues for the next 3-4 years and unavailability of this transaction cost.
With maintaining overweight rating on the stock, Morgan Stanley views this deal as a longer-term incremental positive to Lupin's current business model and thinks it is unlikely to materially affect financials for the next 3-4 years.
Given the slow ramp-up for launches in emerging markets (EMs) and relatively small revenues per product (e.g., USD 2-10 million median sales in India), the partnership could take five years to achieve USD 100 million in sales, the brokerage believes.
Drug maker Lupin entered into a long term strategic partnership with Merck Serono , the biopharmaceutical division of Merck.
According to JPMorgan, given Lupin’s small emerging market presence currently (less than 10 percent of revenue excluding India), this deal should allow the company build its presence into emerging markets faster than acquisitions in each market. However, it believes the potential upside in terms of margin expansion opportunity in the longer term is limited for the company.
The company will continue to pursue inorganic growth opportunities in emerging markets to leverage its branded generic portfolio and fill a key gap in its portfolio, it added.
Lupin will support Merck Serono in the implementation of the company’s general medicines portfolio expansion initiative in emerging markets (including Latin America - Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela etc; Asia - Indonesia, Philippines etc; Central Eastern Europe and Africa) thus addressing local needs for affordable, high quality medicines.
Lupin’s emerging market presence outside India has been limited, with some presence in markets such as Mexico/LatAm and the Philippines. The Rest of World markets (ex-US, Europe, Japan and India) account for 9 percent of the company revenue.
Citi sees this alliance as another good addition to Lupin's fast-evolving list of long-term growth drivers. “Over the last few months, we have received greater visibility and color on its plans in biosimilars (Yoshindo JV), Respiratory (filings in FY15), technology products (Nanomi acquisition for complex injectables, 2-3 derma ANDA filings),” it said.
According to the company, this deal could add up to 20 new products to the current portfolio. The first launches are expected in 2016, it added.
Lupin indicated that it would develop formulations, provide product dossiers and supply finished products for Merck Serono’s portfolio expansion and receive upfront and milestone-based licensing fees. However, both companies agreed not to release any financial details of the transaction.
Merck Serono will be the marketing authorisation holder for the products, and will leverage its strong commercial and medical teams in emerging markets to bring new medicines in its portfolio to customers.
Meanwhile, JPMorgan believes Lupin’s Salix deal for Canada last week is more meaningful than this Merck deal. Lupin got exclusive rights to market, distribute and sell some Salix products in Canada, including immediate rights to distribute Zaxine 550mg tablets and Relistor.
The brokerage, which have a price target of Rs 1175 on the stock, believe Lupin is a high-quality stock in the sector, trading at a premium valuation (8-10 percent premium to peers) given its strong US generics business, debt-free balance sheet and higher return profile.
However, it sees limited scope for further re-rating, given a challenging domestic growth environment, pressure on the US branded business and headwinds in Japan.
At 12:30 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,355, down Rs 7.60, or 0.56 percent.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Bangladesh apex court commutes JeI leader s death penaltyPrint
Press Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:46 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 3:01 pm
Bangladesh Supreme Court on Wednesday commuted the death sentence of Delwar Hossain Sayedee, a key 1971 war criminal and fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami leader, saying he would now have to serve in prison “until his death”.
“He shall serve in prison for the rest of his natural life,” Chief Justice M Muzammel Hossain pronounced in a crowded courtroom in a surprise ruling. A five-member bench of the apex court, headed by Hossain, pronounced the verdict by “majority view” but did not elaborate how many of the judges gave different opinions over the sentence of Sayedee, who was handed down death penalty by International Crimes Tribunal in February last year.
The Tribunal’s ruling triggered the deadliest political violence in the country’s history. Sayedee is a stalwart of Jamaat, which was opposed to Bangladesh’s 1971 independence siding with the then Pakistani junta, forming notorious militia groups like Al-Badr ad Al-Shams as auxiliary forces of the Pakistani troops.
The Tribunal earlier found Sayedee guilty of six major charges while the apex found valid three of those including killing, rapes and forceful conversion of a number of Hindus to Islam and relieved him of charges of mass killings. In an instant reaction, Attorney General Mahbubey Alam said the verdict of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court “saddened” him as he expected the ape court to uphold the tribunal judgment.
“My expectation was that his death penalty would be upheld, which has not been fulfilled…so I feel bad,” he said. He said that he now await the delivery of the full verdict for his detailed analysis. Alam said the verdict unmasked Sayeedi’s image as an ardent servant of Islam as allegations of forceful conversion of several Hindus was proved against him.
“Islam never allows forceful conversion to Islam which he (Sayeedi) did it in 1971,” he said. A son of the Islamist leader also said he was deprived of justice as the apex court should have “acquitted my father and we would like to get it reviewed” but Alam said under the law there is no scope for such review for the cases of war crimes convicts.
Authorities earlier called out paramilitary troops to guard the capital and other major cities fearing outbreak of violence following the Supreme Court ruling. Nearly 100 people, including policemen, were killed as Jamaat activists went on rampage in different parts of the country when the Tribunal sentenced Sayedee to death last year.
The apex court on April 16 wrapped up the appeal hearing against the special tribunal judgment on Sayedee. The tribunal last year said it found valid eight of the 18 charges including mass killings, arson, lootings and forceful conversion non-Muslims to Islam against the Islamist leader, who is a former lawmaker and Islamic orator. Chief defence counsel Khondker Mahbubuddin earlier claimed they successfully pointed out that a “wrong man” was tried and sentenced to death as another person with Sayedee’s namesake actually carried out the atrocities during the 1971 Liberation War.
The defence had raised the same argument during Sayedee’strial at the Tribunal but it observed continued…

BJP s Amit Shah slams Jawaharlal Nehru  praises Sardar Patel over KashmirE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Quikr receives $60 million fundingQuikr receives $60 million funding
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 19:44 IST
Online classifieds firm Quikr on Wednesday said it has raised $60 million funding for business expansion.
Tiger Global Management along with all existing investors in the company participated in the funding, Quikr said. The current investors are Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc.
"The explosive growth in mobile Internet is fundamentally reshaping the Indian classified Internet market, and we are well-positioned to be at the forefront of growth," Quikr founder and CEO Pranay Chulet said in a statement.
Quikr is a large-scale cross-category online classifieds business with more than 30 million monthly consumer and small businesses users in 940 cities.
"Quikr has grown rapidly to become one of India's major classifieds players with a deep understanding of the local market. By leveraging the company's strengths as a local player, Quikr has seized a tremendous opportunity in a rapidly growing market," Tiger Global Management Partner Lee Fixel said.

Quikr gets USD 60 million fundingSep 17, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Quikr gets USD 60 million funding
Tiger Global Management along with all existing investors in the company participated in the funding, Quikr said. The current investors are Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Quikr gets USD 60 million funding
Tiger Global Management along with all existing investors in the company participated in the funding, Quikr said. The current investors are Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc.
Post your opinion here
 
Online classifieds firm Quikr today said it has raised USD 60 million funding for business expansion.
Tiger Global Management along with all existing investors in the company participated in the funding, Quikr said. The current investors are Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay Inc.
"The explosive growth in mobile Internet is fundamentally reshaping the Indian classified Internet market, and we are well-positioned to be at the forefront of growth," Quikr founder and CEO Pranay Chulet said in a statement. Quikr is a large-scale cross-category online classifieds business with more than 30 million monthly consumer and small businesses users in 940 cities.
"Quikr has grown rapidly to become one of India's major classifieds players with a deep understanding of the local market. By leveraging the company's strengths as a local player, Quikr has seized a tremendous opportunity in a rapidly growing market," Tiger Global Management Partner Lee Fixel said.
RELATED NEWS

Will 2014 be the worst year for IPO filingsWill 2014 be the worst year for IPO filings?
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:58 AM IST
The year 2014 appears set to go down in the record books as the worst for initial public offerings (IPOs). So far this year, only six companies have approached the market regulator with draft offer documents - the fewest in more than a decade for the first nine months of a calendar year.
Filings with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are a key lead indicator of the pipeline of public issues hitting the market over the next few months. While Sebi takes at least one month to clear these documents, it might take months longer in the event of clarifications. After clearance, while a company can hit the market within a few weeks, it has up to a year to do so. If a flurry of new initial public offerings (IPOs) were to hit the market in the last quarter of 2014, as some earlier reports suggested, the documents should already have been sitting in Sebi offices. But there are hardly any.
Business Standard analysed 869 offer documents filed by issuers since 2004, when Sebi started posting these online. The previous lowest (seven filings) was seen in 2004. Since then, the first nine months (till September 17) have seen double-digit numbers every year - ranging from a low 16 in 2009 to a high 132 in 2006.
So far in 2014, four IPOs - of Wonderla Holidays, Snowman Logistics, Sharda Cropchem and Shemaroo Entertainment - have hit the national bourses. Filings for all of these, except Sharda Cropchem, were made with the market regulator in 2013. That implies, of the six filings made this year, only five - by Ortel Communications, Monte Carlo Fashions, Lavasa Corporation, Adlabs Entertainment and GMR Energy - could be expected to lead to IPOs. Besides, there might be at best a few more filings from last year translating into issues.
Apart from these, analysts hope there could be a bunch of filings before September 30. The audited financials for the period ended March 31 will be not be valid from October 1 onwards, as Sebi rules say filings cannot have audited numbers that are more than six months old.
However, data show that only in two of the previous 10 years, the filings in the last three months have been better than those clocked in the first nine. In what could be a ray of hope, these two years also happen to be election years, like the current one. In 2004, while first nine months saw seven filings, the last three saw 22 offer documents. Similarly, 2009 saw thrice as many filings towards the fag end of the year, compared with 16 till September 17.
Like in those years, emergence of a stable government has kindled the spirits in the secondary market. The BSE Sensex has gained 5,461 points or 25.8 per cent this year. The index closed at 26,631 points on Wednesday. Since May, it has increased its value by about a fifth.
Yet, in the four months since the general election results became public, only four companies have filed offer documents - excluding Sharda Cropchem and GMR Infra from those that have applied in 2014.
Experts say a revival after a long lull is usually gradual. "Companies become serious about IPOs only after seeing two-three months of stability in the secondary market. When revival begins, it is for the bravehearts to venture first," says Prime Database Chairman Prithvi Haldea, a primary market veteran.
Haldea says the market is at the beginning of its first stage of revival, where only good companies, confident about their fundamentals, bring issues at reasonable valuations. "People are not very aggressive in the beginning of the first phase," Haldea adds. Investor frenzy, greedy pricing and euphoria come much later.
Bankers say that an increased burden of due diligence and fears of rejection by Sebi have made merchant bankers spend more time in preparation of offer documents.
Sebi has tightened disclosure requirements following the 2011 scam, when several companies were found to be misusing money raised through IPOs. The regulator has also empowered itself to reject the documents it sees as inadequate. Bankers are wary of reputational loss that might come with such rejections, and are playing safe.
Filings have dwindled following the new regulations. The year 2012 saw only 27, while it dropped to 20 last year.
This is also seen as a reason for the absence of filings. According to estimates by Prime Database, 50-60 companies are said to have hired merchant bankers and could be in various stages of preparation. However, not many of these might hit the market before 2015. Jagannadham Thunuguntla, head of research at SMC Capital, says it takes up to six months for companies to go from appointment of directors to getting Sebi's clearance and being market ready. "Once they get Sebi's clearance, they will have one year during which they can time it," he adds.
While issuers and bankers are playing it safe, investors have been bidding aggressively. Two recent issues, Snowman Logistics and Sharda Cropchem, have seen frenzied bidding, with record subscription levels. This had made many believe that a slew of IPOs might be in the offing.
While institutional investors have access to other instruments like qualified institutional placement of shares and preferential allotments, which are popular among corporations raising capital, public issues are the primary source of fresh paper for small investors.
Thunuguntla also says that there is not much to worry, as the revival in the IPO market is only 15 days old. "Technically, revival in the IPO market picked up only after the offer of Snowman Logistics. You will see more action in the coming days," he said.

Don t expect past 1-year returns to be matched: Anoop BhaskarDon't expect past 1-year returns to be matched: Anoop Bhaskar
Samie Modak | Mumbai Sep 17, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The sharp rally seen in the past year has surprised Anoop Bhaskar, head-equity, UTI Mutual Fund, who expects the market will take a breather at some point. In an interview with Samie Modak, he says investors should come to equities expecting steady, not surging, returns. Edited excerpts:
About a year before, you were not bearish but not too bullish either. Has the rally surprised you?
Our investment thought process was a bit sedate. There is always a pre-election rally but it peters between one and three months. We believed the market would not go up beyond a certain level. The (poll) mandate this time was the strongest in almost 30 years. Also, it was one of the few elections which coincided with an uptick in the economy. So, it turned out to be a black swan event (a term for something unprecedented and unexpected). It was very difficult to predict last year that there will be such a big rally. Most global strategists were saying developed markets will outperform and the emerging market story is over. The Brics (bloc of nations) had become the ‘fragile five’.
Will equity market returns be as robust as in the past year?
We believe investors should relocate their investments to equities. But they shouldn’t have unrealistic expectations. Last year’s returns will not be matched, going forward. So, don’t come hoping for last year’s returns but you will get steady returns for the next two or three years if the economic recovery pans out as we are all hoping. The returns will be in the mid-teens rather than the high double digits that we have seen.
What are valuations looking like?
It has been like a Brazilian carnival for small-cap and mid-cap stocks. A Brazilian carnival, however, lasts only for 40 days; the small-cap and mid-cap rally had been on since January. That has to lose steam at some point. It can’t continue at this level. The valuations don’t offer much upside for another re-rating. Earnings haven’t really come back yet. Small-caps are the most overvalued, followed by mid-caps and then large-caps. All the cyclicals are at valuations that FMCG stocks were in 2010-11. However, no one is shouting from the rooftop as they were in 2010. The hope is that the earnings growth in these sectors will be so sharp that no analysts will be able to project this.
Lately, we have seen a lot of sector rotation.
In the first part of the rally, it was the public sector banks and the so-called cyclical stocks, where valuations were compressed, which did well. In the past three months, the worry that the market has reached fairly robust levels has seen the high-beta stocks take a back seat and better-quality companies have done well. So, sectors like pharmaceuticals and technology services, where the quality quotient is better than cyclical, have done better post-elections.
So, how do you position yourself?
In times like this, you stick to high-quality companies rather than get extra courageous and buy high-beta. Look at companies where there is sufficient room to improve the operating leverage but are not financially stressed. This means you are sacrificing a bit of return but also ensuring that the volatility of returns would be lower.
Are you not in the bullish camp?
We are not in the camp which believes the government will have a lot of ‘big-bang’ reforms. We also don’t believe there will be a sharp economic recovery. Our view is that there will be steady recovery. Those with very high expectations could get disappointed. We think the story is about buying companies rather than buying ownership. It shouldn’t matter if the company is government-owned or private.
Is there more upside in the rally?
Every bull run gives you 100 per cent returns and it lasts for two years. From that point of view, we are just halfway through. Almost 80 per cent of the growth in the bull markets, in the past, has come from earnings expansion and not actual growth. The fourth quarter of this financial year is going to be a very crucial phase of this bull run. You will have the Budget in February, when the government will not have any excuse that they didn’t have time. Investors will also want at least some sign of earnings growth for the March 2015 quarter. If both of these disappoint, then you have to worry that the market will take a period of two or three quarters of adjustment. That’s also the time when the US Fed (their central bank) will increase rates. Till the fourth quarter of this financial year, the market might not correct significantly.
Do you expect a correction if the Budget disappoints?
The macro factors for India will be positive. Our fiscal deficit will keep coming down, there is increase in spending on infrastructure. At some point, the Reserve Bank will start cutting interest rates. So, that gives you hope that even if things don’t work as well as you think or we have a disastrous second budget, the market will not collapse as in the past, since other levers are in place.
Also, we still haven’t reached a stage were earnings expectations are difficult to manage. So, if the Nifty touches 9,000 before March, you should be worried, as at that level you will have to justify those by saying earnings growth will be 25 per cent (annually) for the next two years.
MFs are seeing good investor flows. Has the tide turned?
The numbers are exaggerated. In our view, about 40 per cent of net inflows into equities in recent months are flows into arbitrage funds. If you factor that out, the flows become much more modest. Financial assets, due to inflation, have underperformed physical assets in the past five years. So, gold or real estate have been the preferred routes for investing. Only in the past two years have equity returns outpaced physical assets. As inflation comes down and as financial assets start to perform once again, investors will come back. Equity, as an asset class, is at least a point of discussion for investors. It wasn’t even a point of discussion two years earlier.
Most of our funds are based on being more consistent. We have had steady inflows. We have lost market share but our philosophy remains the same. Most of the funds are based on being more consistent.

Lupin: Correction an opportunityLupin: Correction an opportunity
Ujjval Jauhari |  Sep 17, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Lupin's deal with Merck Sereno might have disappointed the market, given that the stock fell six per cent intra-day on Tuesday post the announcement, to finally close four per cent lower. It also put some brakes on the strong rally the stock has seen, led by a robust performance in the June quarter and the improving growth outlook.
But, this deal along with last week's agreement with another US-based firm, Salix Pharmaceuticals, will help the company expand its geographical presence and product portfolio, adding to long-term growth drivers. As a result, and given the strong prospects, the correction is a good opportunity to enter the stock, believe analysts, most of whom are bullish.
Analysts at Motilal Oswal Securities, for instance, see core earnings growing 34 per cent CAGR over FY14-17, and maintain a 'Buy' on the stock, with a revised target price of Rs 1,650 (based on 22x FY17 estimated earnings per share, plus Para IV pipeline valued at Rs 8 a share). Many other foreign brokerages, too, have upgraded the target price to Rs 1,600-1,650 for the stock trading at Rs 1,365. The consensus target price, according to analysts polled on Bloomberg post the event, of Rs 1,478 also indicates an upside of over eight per cent.
Earnings-accretive deals
Even as the company continues to see the US market driving overall growth, the two agreements with the leading global pharmaceutical companies (signed in a span of a week) are likely to be earnings accretive and longer term drivers.
The first agreement with US-based Salix Pharmaceuticals will strengthen fortunes in the Canadian market where Lupin is establishing its presence, and the second with Merck Sereno is for emerging markets as Latin America, Asia, Central Eastern Europe, and Africa.
The long-term strategic partnership with Merck Serono, bio-pharmaceutical division of Merck, Lupin will help Merck Serono to expand its general medicine and endocrinology portfolio in the emerging markets. The agreement builds on an established working relationship between the two companies, and could add up to 20 new products to the current portfolio. The first launches are expected in 2016. However, market participants had expected much more than a pure contract manufacturing deal with Merck Sereno and hence the stock corrected on Tuesday. However, there could be more in the offing. Analysts as those at Motilal Oswal Securities feel a pure contract manufacturing arrangement is not Lupin's philosophy and there could be larger commercial arrangements following.
As of now, once the products are launched, Lupin will be getting a regular revenue flow, as well as milestone-based payments in addition to some upfront payment. Details of financials have not been disclosed. Since the revenues are expected to start flowing from FY17, analysts have not upgraded their near-term earnings estimates. The agreement with Salix is for exclusive rights to market, distribute and sell some of Salix products in Canada. This is being looked as a positive step since Lupin is in the process of establishing its Canadian presence. Thus, the addition of this significant product portfolio opens growth opportunities.
US remains key driver
Most analysts remain bullish on Lupin's prospects, looking at the strong growth in the US market, driven by existing products and new launch plans.
The generics of anti-depressant Cymbalta, cholesterol lowering Niaspan, anti-bacterial Zymaxid and HIV treatment drug Trazivir had driven US sales growth in the June quarter and continue to do well. Zymaxid and Trazivir have remained a two-player market, despite three quarters of genericisation. Though oral contraceptives are doing well, new launches are expected that will help expand the portfolio.
The limited competition products and speciality focus will boost growth. On this front, the respiratory and dermatology filings, as well as scaling up of complex injectibles (through acquisition of Dutch company Nanomi in February) and biosimilar portfolio (joint venture with Japanese company Yoshindo in April) will emerge as long-term growth drivers.
In India, though growth is much better than last year, there was some disappointment in the month of August.
Growth of 8.5 per cent in August, though ahead of industry growth of 8 per cent, came lower than 13.2 per cent in July. This has led fiscal-year-to-date growth slowing to 12.4 per cent (as per Prabhudas Lilladher research) against management's expectation of 15 per cent.

Insurance regulator diktat on J&K flood cover claimsInsurance regulator diktat on J&K flood cover claims
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:47 AM IST
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Wednesday raised the limit of losses required to be surveyed by licenced surveyors and loss assessor for settlement of claims arising out of the recent floods in Jammu & Kashmir from Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000.
This exemption is valid for a period of two months from the date of the order, it said.
This special dispensation is given to insurers to ensure expeditious settlement of claims and for mitigating hardships to policyholders in the State of Jammu and Kashmir.

Bosch strike goes into Day 2Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Bosch strike goes into Day 2
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, September 17:  
The workers’ union of the auto parts’ giant, Bosch Ltd continued their strike for the second day on Wednesday demanding better wages.
A Bosch spokesperson told Business Line that on September 20, the additional labour commissioner has called for a meeting with the workers’ union in an attempt to resolve the issue. There are about 2,600 workers in the Bangalore factory which includes 350 contract workers.
“We have offered them the best salary package possible in the industry,” the spokesperson said. Bosch has four plants across the country. The wage agreement with the Jaipur plant workers has already been entered into while negotiations with the other three are still under negotiations.
The spokesperson said Bosch has offered an increase of Rs 17,000 per month which will take the total salary package to Rs 82,000 per month. But the union was asking for even higher wages, the spokesperson claimed. He said the union also wanted to better medical benefits as well.
He said because of the strike, the production of fuel injection pumps has been severely affected.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Online  physical retailers can co-exist   says Rakesh Biyani'Online, physical retailers can co-exist', says Rakesh Biyani
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Many e-commerce and physical retailers, at the annual India Retail Forum meet, said both categories can co-exist.
A day after he signed an agreement with Tata-run Croma, Kunal Bahl, co-founder and chief executive of Snapdeal, said the e-commerce portal would forge more such partnerships with brick and mortar companies.
"With a partnership with Croma, we demonstrated that we can have a symbiotic relationship with physical retailers," he said.
Future Retail's joint managing director, Rakesh Biyani, said even after the advent of e-commerce portals, physical retailers are showing positive growth numbers.
"Nobody has taken our share or anybody else's share. The pie is getting large. Those who can give better customer experience can take a large share of the pie," he said.
New technologies, he explained, enable physical retailers to reach more customers, with a larger assortment.
 

Chapter on Medha Patkar out of childrens book after govt letterChapter on Medha Patkar out of children’s book
Brajesh Kumar , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:58 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Government-funded publisher National Book Trust (NBT) has decided to drop a chapter on Narmada Bachao Andolan activist and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Medha Patkar from a book after an NGO raised an objection, saying Patkar was a political person and, therefore, should not be included in the book.
Read: ‘It is high time that NCERT text books are revised’
The NBT’s decision that came after it received a letter from the human resources development (HRD) ministry asking it to look into the objections raised by Ahmedabad-based NGO National Council for Civil Liberties, has added to a spate of  incidents in recent times when publishers have withdrawn books that have attracted controversy.
The NGO’s founder VK Saxena, a director of the Gujarat government’s pet project, Dholera Special Investment Region, wrote to HRD minister Smriti Irani in June, objecting to the chapter on Patkar, who he called a political person. Patkar joined AAP in 2013.
Written by Thangamani, the children’s book, Children Who Made It Big, traces the childhood of 12 famous personalities, including sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan, chess player Vishwanathan Anand and author Ruskin Bond and is part of the school curriculum in many states. 
Patkar said Saxena supported the Sardar Sarovar dam, championed by the Gujarat government and was a critic of the Narmada Bachao Andolan, the movement she headed and that opposed the construction of the dam.
“While it was not a surprise that the NGO wrote a letter to the HRD ministry asking it drop the chapter, how can the publisher so easily surrender to its demand?” she added. 
While Saxena could not be reached for his comments, NBT director MA Sikandar defended the decision.
“The NGO has been writing to us about it. After we received the letter from the ministry, we re-examined the issue and under changed circumstance we decided to drop the chapter,” he said.
Also read:

Delays  allowance mess may hurt India at Asian GamesWith just a day to go before the 17th Asian Games kick off, players from around the world are busy practising at the various venues here. But most of the Indian contingent is nowhere to be seen.
 
They are still back in India thanks to the dilly-dallying of government officials and an order by the sport ministry that has severely curtailed their travel plans.
After spending several anxious days waiting for the Centre to clear them for the games, a sports ministry order informed the athletes that the government would only bear expenses in terms of providing them accommodation and daily allowances, for a period of five days before their competition starts till a day after their event ends.
Practice session for many events start a good 10 days before competition so that athletes have time to train, and far more crucially, acclimatise to the weather conditions. But the diktat has forced many athletes to miss their sessions and could have a serious impact on India’s medal hopes in at least 8 to 10 disciplines.
With time slots and space a big constraint in Incheon, teams had to book their practice sessions well in advance. Now, the Incheon Asian Games Organising Committee is being forced to cancel one session after another earmarked for the Indian squads as they are yet to turn up.
On Wednesday, the session for the men’s and women’s boxing teams had to be cancelled because the team, originally scheduled to arrive on September 12-13, did not arrive. India’s deputy Chef-de-Mission Bhupinder Singh Bajwa said the squad is now expected to arrive on Thursday afternoon. “At least 8-10 disciplines have suffered badly because of the new government order,” Bajwa told HT.
A training session is lined up for the boxing squad at around 2pm local time on Thursday (10.30 am IST) but the jet-lagged pugilists would probably be clearing customs or boarding the bus to the Games Village around that time.
India’s boxing contingent has already faced plenty of uncertainty because of recognition issues concerning the national federation. Those issues are only now being sorted out. Boxing events commence on September 23.
Bajwa said acclimatisation would be the biggest problem.
 
“The weather at Incheon is mildly cold and our boxers are coming from a warmer environment.” On Wednesday, at the Incheon High School, which is an hour’s journey from the Main Press Centre, an empty bus earmarked for India was parked at the entrance. Syrian and Iranian boxers were sweating it out in the ring.
No Wushu medal expectations
Bajwa said wushu too had suffered as the team, scheduled to arrive on September 12, landed only on Wednesday.  “The eight-member contingent has already lost around five sessions. We were expecting a handful of medals from wushu, but not now.” India’s Chef-de-Mission, Adille Sumariwala, was unavailable for comment.

Natco Pharma  Orchid Chemicals get a strong dose of US FDA medicineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Amazon Debuts New E-Readers  Kid-Friendly FireAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Alibaba in funding talks with online retailer SnapdealYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba in funding talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail space
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 07.12AM IST
Tags:
(If Alibaba enters the Indian…)
By: Aditi Shrivastava and Varun Sood
BANGALORE: China's Alibaba has been in talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail industry, according to two people aware of the development. Alibaba, whose mammoth share sale in the US is underway, is considering investment in Snapdeal as one of its options while it sizes up the online consumer market in this country. "India is a huge opportunity for Alibaba," said a person directly aware of the matter.
"Eventually it will look at entering the business-to-consumer space in India and talks are on." The Chinese company, which is expected to be valued at over $165 billion (Rs 10 lakh crore) at the conclusion of its initial public offer, has discussed a possible investment with Snapdeal, though both firms are yet to reach any conclusion, said the person.
So far, Alibaba has only been linking Indian merchants with overseas buyers and sellers. If it enters the Indian online retail space by aligning with Snapdeal, it will be competing directly against market leader Flipkart and Amazon. While the Chinese company would be a late entrant, it has the advantage of size — by sales Alibaba is bigger than Amazon and eBay combined — and cash (it will raise up to $25 billion in the IPO this week).
"We are currently in a quiet period," said Pamela Munoz, manager (international corporate communications) at Alibaba, in reply to an email query on the developments. One source estimated that Snapdeal could raise up to $300 million in a potential round of fund-raising.
So far this year, Delhi-based Snapdeal has raised a total of $233 million in two rounds of investments, which saw participation from eBay and billionaire Azim Premji's family office Premji Invest. The last round in May valued the firm at $1 billion.
Snapdeal, one of India's biggest online marketplaces, is also attracting attention from other Asian conglomerates including Japan's largest ecommerce company Rakuten and communications provider SoftBank, according to sources in the investment banking community.
Snapdeal, in which former Tata Group head Ratan Tata has a personal investment, could well be the vehicle to infuse a predominantly Asian flavour to Indian online retail, expected to be worth Rs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to market rating agency Crisil. Aspokeswoman for Snapdeal declined comment for this report.
However, in an earlier interview with ET, co-founder Kunal Bahl had said that while "lots of external investors are interested in this space, and are very interested in Snapdeal", his company will "decide when is the right time to raise money, from whom, how much and at what value".
Bankers are of the view that Rakuten's aggressive track record of acquisitions this year, including messaging app Viber and rebate site Ebates, purchased last week, makes it a prime contender in the investment sweepstakes for Indian Internet commerce. For Softbank, any potential deal could hinge on approval from local partner Bharti Group.
SoftBank and Rakuten did not reply to emailed queries on the developments.
  In the run-up to its IPO, Alibaba, founded in 1999 by Jack Ma, has taken the fight to Amazon in its home market by launching a portal for US consumers. In India, the battle could only intensify as Alibaba seeks to enter the consumer space, after four years of growing business-to-business commerce.
Amazon, which began its Indian operations by setting up an online marketplace in 2013, is expected to soon enter the online wholesale trade by setting up a portal for business ecommerce.
The entry of global juggernauts is expected to further intensify competition in the Indian online industry, where the home-grown online portals, including Flipkart and Snapdeal, have rapidly increased investments in innovation, technology and advertising in the last year.
Snapdeal, which could be valued at up to $4 billion in its next round of investment according to industry observers, will only gain from this. "Flipkart has already set the industry benchmark at a valuation of $7 billion," said Raja Lahiri, apartner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi bonds with Chinese prez Xi in Ahmedabad  Indo-Sino ties on upswingXi in Delhi; talks today with Modi on bilateral trade, border
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad/ New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 18:48 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:22 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
China's President Xi Jinping will hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday, the second day of his visit to the country.
President Xi Jinping was given a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in the morning . He will then visit the Samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, and then call on External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi will then hold bi-lateral discussions following which both the leaders will make a media statement at Hyderabad House.
On Wednesday, China's president Xi Jinping arrived to a lavish welcome in Ahmedabad, kicking off a three-day visit aimed at rebooting ties with massive Chinese investments in India, especially in infrastructure.
The choice of Ahmedabad as Xi's first stop in India, rather than New Delhi, marked a departure from protocol that many see as part of an effort to put a positive gloss on bilateral ties that still suffer from lingering distrust, despite growing trade.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan and a delegation of senior party and government officials, was received by Modi at the Hyatt hotel, where Modi was waiting for him at the porch and greeted him with a long and warm handshake.
The two leaders then had a brief meeting followed by the signing of three memoranda of understanding (MoUs).
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
The MoUs included one on setting up of an industrial park in Gujarat and another to make Guangzhou and Ahmedabad sister cities. By the end of Xi's trip, Chinese investments totalling some $100 billion, particularly in modernising Indian railways, are expected to be announced.
Shortly after, Modi and Xi, both dressed in informal, half-sleeved jackets, met at the Sabarmati Ashram, where the prime minster personally guided the president through an exhibition on Gandhi's life.
 
Xi paid respects to a Gandhi statue with a namaste. The two leaders sat on the floor next to a charkha, and through the tour, continued to engage in a conversation--sometimes with interpreters and sometimes on their own. The president was also given gifts by the ashram.
The two then went for a walk on the Sabarmati riverfront.
 
Thereafter, men and women in traditional Gujarati dresses performed some folk dance and music in front of the Chinese guests. Xi and Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, were later headed to a lavish vegetarian dinner.
 
Xi travels to Delhi Wednesday evening and the two sides will hold delegation level talks on Thursday.
 
The day was marked many novelties--of a Chinese head of state starting a bilateral visit from Gujarat, of an Indian PM not only receiving him outside Delhi  but both leaders witnessing official agreements between the two countries outside Delhi, of a PM personally guiding a president of China, unhurriedly, through Gandhi's ashram, and a dinner with Gujarati vegetarian delicacies that Xi, Ahmedabad hopes, would remember for a long time.
 
Earlier in the day, Wang Hejun, economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese embassy in India, said China and India would sign a $6.8 billion deal to establish two industrial parks aimed at reducing trade imbalances.  
That came on the back of news that Indian carrier IndiGo had signed a $2.6 billion deal with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft.
Read: Indigo inks $2.6 bn leasing deal with Chinese bank
 
Besides investments, India is banking on China's track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones to upgrade its creaky infrastructure. India is also eager to address the imbalance in their annual trade, which now totals around $65 billion but is skewed toward imports of Chinese electrical equipment and parts.
 
But their ties are tested by a decades-old border dispute and fears of China's growing military and economic might. Earlier this week, Xi visited Sri Lanka and Maldives, both traditional allies of India who have unnerved New Delhi by growing closer to Beijing.
 
Modi appeared to be unbothered by those visits, alluding Tuesday to ancient Sino-Indian ties dating back to a Chinese Buddhist monk, Xuan Zang, who spent time in Modi's village in Gujarat in 600 AD.
Read: India-China ties under the Mahatma’s shadow
 
In another wrinkle ahead of Xi's trip, India on Monday extended a $100-million export credit for defence deals to Vietnam and tightened energy ties with the country, which has strained ties with China, over an increasingly ugly territorial dispute in the South China Sea.
Besides, the presence in India of Dalai Lama, who Beijing calls a splitist, continues to a source of tension between the two countries. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday. Other Tibetans were held in Gujarat.
 

With 10 days to do  Modi s US event is all sold outNarendra Modi’s Madison Square show sold out
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 18, 2014
First Published: 08:05 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:04 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Just days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes the stage at Madison Square Garden, the iconic Manhattan venue in New York, organisers declared it sold out on Wednesday.
Those left out can catch the event online or, if they are up to it, on one of those monster screens at Times Square nearby — the biggest screen around, organisers promised.
The MSG, as Madison Square Garden is known, has hosted rockstars, politicians, boxing matches and a Pope. It can seat 20,000; but 18,000 seats will go free to those who applied.
The rest will be reserved for donors — someone has to pay for the event — and invitees, who could include “several dozen” US lawmakers, who have expressed a desire to attend. They will take a break from their re-election campaigns to be there. A few them had wanted him to address a joint session of US congress, but that didn't work out.
The MSG event is at the heart of Modi’s visit for Indian Americans, many of whom drove long distances once to watch him beamed live into highway hotels.
Modi, as chief minister of Gujarat, was not allowed to visit the US after being denied a visa in 2005 over his government’s alleged failure to stop the 2002 riots. But he stayed in touch with the community — his popularity surged once he was projected by the BJP as its candidate for the post of prime minister — remotely, through live video feed.
Now that he is coming, over 30,000 of them applied to attend the event — coming from all over the country. But only 18,000 can be accommodated, and that’s the ceiling.
The remaining 2,000 seats are set aside for donors and invitees.
Anand Shah, spokesperson for the organisers, said the free tickets were distributed through a network of organisations of Indian Americans.
“We got in touch with about 800 organisations,” Shah said, “of which nearly 700 responded.” The organisers narrowed it down to 400 and allocated them specified number of tickets.
Some tickets will go to those who applied separately — not going through any organisation. And they are being determined by a system of lottery.
Last year’s Miss America, Nina Davuluri, who is of Indian descent, will emcee the event, with PBS Weekend Newshour anchor Hari Sreenivasan.

Emotions mount on final day of ScottishcampaignA person walks by a message left by a member of the Yes campaign written on a pavement, in Edinburgh, Scotland, Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburg | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:22 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:35 am
For Scots, Wednesday was a day of excitement, apprehension, and a flood of final appeals before a big decision. In a matter of hours, they will determine whether Scotland leaves the United Kingdom and becomes an independent state.
A full 97 per cent of those eligible have registered to vote — including, for the first time, 16- and 17-year-olds — in a referendum that polls suggest is too close to call.
A phone poll of 1,373 people by Ipsos MORI, released Wednesday, put opposition to independence at 51 per cent and support at 49 per cent, with 5 per cent of voters undecided.
That means neither side can feel confident, given the margin of error of about plus or minus three percentage points.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, himself a Scot, told a No campaign rally that the quiet majority of pro-Union Scots “will be silent no more,” while pro-independence leader Alex Salmond urged voters to seize a democratic opportunity 307 years in the making.
In its final hours, the battle for Scotland had all the trappings of a normal election campaign: “Yes Scotland” and “No, Thanks” posters in windows, buttons on jackets, leaflets on street corners and megaphone-topped campaign cars cruising the streets blasting out Scottish songs and “Children of the Revolution.”
But it is, both sides acknowledge, a once-in-a-generation — maybe once-in-a-lifetime — choice that could redraw the map of the United Kingdom.
The gravity of the imminent decision was hitting home for many voters as political leaders made passionate, final pleas for their sides. More than 4.2 million people are registered to vote in the country of 5.3 million people.
Cathy Chance, who works for Britain’s National Health Service in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh, said she would leave Scotland if it became independent.
“I don’t want to live under a nation that’s nationalistic,” she said. “I don’t think the world needs another political barrier.”
On the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren said she was finally letting herself believe independence might be possible.
“My family has campaigned for independence for a long, long time, and it’s always been a pipe dream,” the Edinburgh University student said as she knocked on doors in a last-minute effort to convert wavering electors. “Just in the last few days it’s seemed possible, within reach. I can almost taste it.”
Politicians on both sides expressed confidence in the Scottish public, but uncertainty rippled below the surface.
Opinion polls have failed to put either side decisively ahead. Bookmakers, however, told a different story. A winning 1 continued…

Shiv Sena likely to get a ministerial berth in Narendra ModigovtThe final decision will be taken by Uddhav Thackeray in a couple of days.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:17 am
The Bharatiya Janata Party on Thursday indicated that prime minister Narendra Modi was likely to reconsider the Shiv Sena’s concerns related to inadequate representation at centre in the next reshuffle.
The BJP’s decision to reassure the Sena a berth in Modi government was part of the larger process aimed at resolving the stalemate in seat sharing formula for the October 15 assembly elections. The offer was also a face saver provided to Sena to facilitate its climb down from 150 seats to 144 seats.
Sena was unhappy with centre’s decision to accord lone minister Anant Geete ministry of heavy industries. It also believed they deserved more cabinet berth in Modi government .
Highly placed sources in the BJP indicated, “ The central leadership of BJP has already conveyed its message to Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray. Now the onus to reciprocate to ensure a workable formula in seat sharing in Maharashtra for 288 seats rests with Uddhav Thackeray.”
A senior Sena functionary told Indian Express, “The final decision will be taken by Uddhav Thackeray in a couple of days. But BJP should realise that we have always been flexible. Even our demand for 150 seats amounts to we conceding 19 seats from our quota.”
In 2009, Sena contested 169 seats and BJP 119 seats. The total seats are 288 in state assembly. The Sena says, “ If we did not want the alliance we would have insisted on 169 seats. But we indicated 150 seats to convey our willingness to give away 19 seats from our share to accommodate allies.”
In retort argued, “ At the very beginning we said Sena 153 and BJP 135. Each gives nine seats. So the final works out Sena 144 and BJP 126. And smaller allies together 18 seats.”
The seat sharing talks got a momentum on Wednesday following arrival of all India party president Amit Shah. The union minister for surface transport and shipping Nitin Gadkari also joined the core committee to address the disputes within the BJP lead grand alliance “Mahauti”.
At its core committee meeting it was decided, “ The BJP will not insist for 135 seats. But it should also ensure that it does not accept anything less than 126 seats.” Adding, “ In return the Sena should also climb down from 150 seats to 144 seats.”
The total assembly seats are 288. The smaller allies Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Rashtriya Samaj Party, Republican Party of India and Shiv Sangram together can be given 18 seats. Adding there could be some a couple of plus and minus within this overall formula.
The senior BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar who was in the core committee said, “ We have taken the decision that “Mahauti” should remain intact.” Our meeting was continued…

Express 5: Modi to talk border with Xi; uncovering thedeadWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:07 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. JINPING IN INDIA:
Invoking former PM Atal Behari Vajpayee’s visit to China in 2003, Narendra Modi is likely to convey to Chinese President Xi Jinping his government’s decision to continue with the Special Representatives’ talks on the border dispute.
Building on Atal, Modi to move on China border talks , special report by Shubhajit Roy
2. J&K FLOODS:
House number 354 in a narrow lane in upscale Jawaharnagar in Srinagar has the silence of a grave — and only the dead as its inhabitants.
As flood waters recede in the city, they uncover the dead , exclusive report from Ground Zero by Muzamil Jaleel
3. BYPOLL SETBACK:
As the BJP in Uttar Pradesh faces up to its bypoll setback after a polarising campaign that elevated “love jihad” to a central theme and promoted Yogi Adityanath to the status of star campaigner, the party is affirming a significantly separate course in neighbouring Bihar, a state also crucial to its Lok Sabha victory.
If Adityanath spoke in Bihar like he did in UP, we would have contradicted him: Sushil Kumar Modi
4. OPINION:
BJP’s return at the Centre has reopened the question: what constitutes the middle ground of India’s democratic politics?
5. COUNTDOWN TO ASIAN GAMES:
From left to right: Ashwini Akkunji, Mandeep Kaur, Priyanka Panwar. (Source: Express photos by Jaipal Singh)
“Support, that’s what keeps us close. We have seen very bad times and the only thing we earned during those hard times was that all of us stood by each other throughout the bad phase.”

Amazon unveils new Fire tablets and Kindle e...The tablet started at $379 and could be ordered at Amazon.com, with shipping of each of its freshly-unveiled new devices slated to begin in October.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Amazon.com expanded its array of tablets and Kindle e-readers, capping its line-up with a new flagship Fire HDX model boasting 'stunning' display and Dolby Atmos sound.
"The team has packed an incredible amount of technology and innovation into the new Fire HDX...and it's still startlingly light," Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos said in a release.
Bezos boasted that Fire HDX combines "best-in-class hardware with exclusive features and services."
The tablet started at $379 and could be ordered at Amazon.com, with shipping of each of its freshly-unveiled new devices slated to begin in October.
Amazon also introduced new Fire HD tablets with 6- or 7-inch screens with starting prices of $99 and $139 respectively.
"Fire HD is the most powerful tablet under $100," Bezos said, noting that it is synched to the vast trove of digital content and services at Amazon.com.
The Seattle-based Internet titan also unveiled a version of the high-definition Fire tablet designed specially for children with perks such as a year of unlimited access to thousands of book, films, and games as well as free replacement if broken within two years of purchase.
A new Kindle Voyage billed as the thinnest, most advanced version to date of the popular e-reader was priced at $199, and an improved basic Kindle model was introduced with a $79 price.
"Our mission with Kindle is to make the device disappear, so you can lose yourself in the author's world," Bezos said.
"Kindle Voyage is crafted from the ground up for readers." The new offerings from Amazon.com came on the same day of reports that Apple is planning to showcase new iPads at an event in October.

See sideways movements  says Mohit GabaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See sideways movements, says Mohit Gaba
We could see the index move sideways or higher in the coming few sessions, says Technical Analyst, Mohit Gaba.
Post your opinion here
 
Technical Analyst, Mohit Gaba:
After a 200 points correction over the last 6 trading sessions the Nifty held on Wednesday, closing 40 points in the green.
We are seeing buying in the CNX IT which is holding the Nifty from moving lower. We could see the index moving sideways or higher in the coming few sessions.
RELATED NEWS

Worst Border Face-off Even as Xi Jinping Bonds With Modi; Incursion Issue on theWorst Border Face-off Even as Xi Jinping Bonds With Modi; Incursion Issue on the
Housefull: With 10 days to do  Modi s US event is all sold outHousefull: With 10 days to do  Modi s US event is all sold out
Reliance Jio Infocomm awards contract for 70 000 sites to SamsungReliance Jio Infocomm awards contract for 70 000 sites to Samsung
Vietnam  India favour greater trade  investment partnership: MukherjeeVietnam  India favour greater trade  investment partnership: Mukherjee
Obama vows US will not fight another ground war in IraqObama vows US will not fight another ground war in Iraq
Amazon expands Kindle line-up  boosts price of basic e-readerAmazon expands Kindle line-up  boosts price of basic e-reader
Debt: India s Achilles  heelDebt: India s Achilles  heel
Brent falls towards $98 on strong dollar  US crude stocks spikeBrent falls towards $98 on strong dollar  US crude stocks spike
Blackrock Real Asset sells 39.40 lakh shares of YES BankBlackrock Real Asset sells 39.40 lakh shares of YES Bank
Capital goods sector scheme gets Cabinet nodNEW DELHI, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 00:17 IST
Capital goods sector scheme gets Cabinet nod
Staff Reporter
economy, business and finance
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, on Monday, approved over Rs.930-crore scheme to enhance competitiveness in the capital goods sector with an aim to boost the economy.
On implementation, this scheme will attempt to make the Indian capital goods sector globally competitive, an official statement said.
“The gross budgetary support from the government for the scheme would be Rs.581.22 crore and the balance Rs.349.74 crore by the stakeholder industries.”

Governments pressure Google for more user informationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee recovers 8 paise against dollar to close at 61.05Updated: September 16, 2014 19:52 IST
Rupee recovers 8 paise against dollar to close at 61.05
PTI
The Hindu The rupee on Tuesday recovered from one-month lows to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the greenback on fresh dollar selling by exporters. File Photo
TOPICS
currency values
Bucking a weak trend in stocks, the Indian rupee on Tuesday recovered from one-month lows to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the greenback on fresh dollar selling by exporters.
Persistent capital inflows also aided the rupee rise while the dollar index was almost stable against a basket of six major currencies ahead of the outcome of the two-day policy meeting by the US Federal Reserve starting on Tuesday.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at 61.02 a dollar from previous close of 61.13, a one-month low.
It was later trapped in a narrow range of 61.01 and 61.1425 before settling at 61.05, a net rise of eight paise or 0.13 per cent.
On Monday, it had plunged 48 paise, or 0.79 per cent, its biggest fall in more than five weeks.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, after tumbling by 244.48 points or 0.90 per cent on Monday, tanked 324.05 points or 1.21 per cent on Tuesday to end at a three-week low.
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $79.57 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, “Rupee appreciated on Tuesday even as local equities closed down by over one per cent. Rupee movement was aided by lower trade deficit in August. Dollar index rally slowed down on Tuesday, which further supported the rupee. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.50 to 61.50.”

By-poll results knock BJP off its perchelection
Poor showing in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat
Political fortunes fluctuate and electoral waves by nature are fleeting, the Bharatiya Janata Party was reminded on Tuesday as the results of the by-elections in various States came out.
The party met with setbacks in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan just four months after sweeping these States in the Lok Sabha elections riding the “Modi wave.”
The BJP’s ally Apna Dal lost the Rohania Assembly seat to the Samajwadi Party in the Varanasi Lok Sabha constituency represented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the party lost three Assembly seats to the Congress in Gujarat, making the blow a personal one for Mr. Modi.
The gain of a seat in West Bengal was a solace. In Uttar Pradesh, the BJP lost seven of the 10 seats it won in the previous Assembly elections, all to the Samajwadi Party, marking a change since May when the party-led National Democratic Alliance won 73 of the 80 Lok Sabha seats in the State.
“Communal forces have been defeated,” said Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav alluding to the BJP’s high-pitched campaign on “love jihad.”
“It is a rejection of the BJP’s hate politics,” Congress spokesperson Shakil Ahmad said.
Of the 54 Assembly seats to which by-elections were held in various States, the BJP won 20, down from 36 it held earlier. “The BJP has paid for insensitivity towards local issues,” said Sachin Pilot, Congress president in Rajasthan.
(With additional reporting by Priyanka Kakodkar in Mumbai)
List of winners (Assembly by-polls)
State

India has more billionaires than Switzerland  Hong Kong and FranceIndia has more billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France
PTI     Singapore/New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:33 IST
India's total billionaire wealth has fallen by US $5 billion to US $175 billion (Photo: Reuters)
India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having US $175 billion in networth, while globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, released on Wednesday, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased over last year (in 2013 there were 103 billionaires) India still enjoys a decent 6th position (same as last year) in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, the country has a higher number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France among others.
Moreover Mumbai, the country's financial capital, with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York - home to 103 billionaires.
According to the the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India's billionaire population has decreased by 3 per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by US $5 billion to US $175 billion.
However, the world's population of billionaires continues to grow.
On the top 40 billionaire countries/territories list, the United States maintained its position as the world's top billionaire country with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the United Kingdom (130) in the second and third position respectively.
The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325 with the addition of 155 new billionaires in 2014, registering a rise of 7 per cent from 2013.
"The combined wealth of the world's billionaires increased by 12 per cent to US $7.3 trillion, which is higher than the combined market capitalisation of all the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average," the report said.
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most billionaires and billionaire wealth (US $2.37 trillion), while, Asia boasted the largest billionaire wealth increase, with the region's billionaires' fortunes growing by 18.7 per cent over the past year.
"The region (Asia) is responsible for 30 per cent of the net increase in global billionaire wealth in 2014. Asia's billionaire population grew by 10 per cent in 2014, with 52 new entrants into the billionaire club out of which 33 are from China," the report said.

Chief Investment Strategist BofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
MICHAEL HARTNETT is the chief investment strategist at BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research. In this role, he formulates the house view of the markets and creates investment strategies, themes and baskets for the bank’s institutional and Global Wealth and Investment Management clients. He is also the Global Equity Strategist and serves as chairman of the Research Investment Committee (RIC), which identifies suitable investments and portfolio strategies for individual investors across a broad spectrum of asset classes. He authors the monthly RIC Report as well as other publications, including a fund manager survey.Previously, he served as director of European Equity Strategy in London, and from 1998 to 2001, he served as a senior international economist and global macro strategist, working closely with the foreign exchange and fixed income desks. He joined Merrill Lynch in 1995 as chief economist in Japan.Prior to joining Merrill Lynch, Hartnett served as chief economist for Smith New Court in Tokyo, which was acquired by Merrill Lynch in 1995. From 1990 to 1995, he was an economist at the United Kingdom fund manager Schroders in London and Tokyo. Hartnett earned a bachelor’s degree in economics from Exeter University, Exeter, England.
ABOUT Michael Hartnett
MICHAEL HARTNETT is the chief investment strategist at BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research. In this role, he formulates the house view of the markets and creates investment strategies, themes and baskets for the bank’s institutional and Global Wealth and Investment Management clients. He is also the Global Equity Strategist and serves as chairman of the Research Investment Committee (RIC), which identifies suitable investments and portfolio strategies for individual investors across a broad...

Funds and ETFs magnify EM volatilityFunds and ETFs magnify EM volatility
By John Authers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c635cbde-3e76-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Highlights of Sino-India trade and commerce5
0
New Delhi: As India and China try to forge a stronger tie during the three-day state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India, following are few highlights of Sino-India trade and commerce.
The Chinese share in India's import is 11.3 per cent of total trade while that of India in China is merely 0.9 per cent. The gap in imports of the two most populous countries is less as compared to that of exports. China holds 4.7 per cent of total import in India while India has 2.2 per cent of total Chinese import.
On the Gross Domestic Production front China is way ahead at 9.18 $ trillion as compared to India's 1.87 $ trillion in fiscal year 2013-14. In the fiscal same year China achieved 7.6 per cent growth rate while India managed only 4.7 per cent growth in its GDP.
As India and China try to forge a stronger tie during the three-day state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India, following are few highlights of Sino-India trade and commerce.
#india #china #trade #gdp
The per capta income in 2013-14 of India was recorded at $1504 while China had $6747. Inflation had been a problem to Indian economy for last half a decade.
While China have only 2.5 per cent inflation rate, India suffers almost four times inflation than China at 8.14 per cent in fiscal year 2013-14.
Both the South Asian countries suffer from growing population, China with its 1.3 billion population tops the chart of most populous countries in the world followed by India which has a population of 1.2 billion.
3

Low prices at Flipkart  Amazon  Snapdeal irk tradersLow prices at Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal irk traders
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 23:18 IST
IT and telecom products traders' association ADCTA on Wednesday asked its about 25,000 members across country to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals and retailers if they sell any product below the price at which they have originally purchased it.
"A few companies namely Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon etc are selling the goods through Internet. In most of the cases, these companies are selling fast moving goods at a much lesser price than purchase price. ADCTA advises dealers/distributors/suppliers to stop supplying goods to online companies in case these companies offer the same product less than purchase price," ADCTA said in statement.
Many technology products such as mobile phones, tablet are available online at lesser price than in retail stores, impacting adversely their business by traders.
When contacted an Amazon India spokesperson said: "We are a marketplace. We do not determine prices. Our sellers decide what to sell on our platform and at what price points."
A Flipkart spokesperson said: "The prices on our site are decided by our sellers. As a marketplace, we simply facilitate a platform where the sellers can connect with potential customers."
The All Delhi Computer Traders Association Joint Secretary Swarn Singh alleged that some of the retailers have partnered with e-commerce firms to supply them product at prices lesser than product's landing cost in the country and e-commerce firms bear the differential cost.
"We are channel partners. Almost all sales in retail market happens through us. We are aware of landing price of product at customs. ADCTA has written to government agencies to investigate in the matter," Singh said.
No comments could be obtained from Snapdeal.

Sun-Merck tie-up on psorasis drugHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sun-Merck tie-up on psorasis drug
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 17:  
Drugmaker Sun Pharma has entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with multinational Merck on its experimental psorasis drug tildrakizumab.
Sun Pharma will fork out an upfront payment of $ 80 million to Merck for the worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications. Tildrakizumab, Merck’s investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, is presently being evaluated to treat chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment, the companies said in a joint-statement.
Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma. Once the product gets an approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialization of the approved product, the note said.
Merck is eligible to receive undisclosed payments associated with regulatory (including product approval) and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties ranging from “mid-single digit through teen percentage rates on sales,” it added.
Merck & Co Inc, known as MSD outside the US and Canada, has existing tie-ups with Sun Pharma, including a joint-venture, set up in April l2011 to develop and make products for the emerging markets. In the same month last year, the two companies partnered again, this time allowing Sun to sell Merck’s diabetes drug Sitagliptin in India.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Dollar rises sharply after Fed statementDollar rises sharply after Fed statement
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4091b0-3e1a-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apollo Tyres heads to HungaryHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Apollo Tyres heads to Hungary
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 17:  
Leading tyre manufacturer, Apollo Tyres has announced setting up its first Greenfield plant outside India in Hungary at the cost of €475 million. A Greenfield plant means setting up plant from scratch.
The investment will be made over a period of five years over to set up new facility in the new industrial zone near Gyongyoshalasz, Hungary.
Once completed, the plant will have a capacity to produce 5.5 million passenger car & light truck (PCLT) tyres and 675,000 heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) tyres per annum. This facility will produce both, Apollo and Vredestein branded tyres, and will cater to the entire European market, and will complement Apollo Tyres’ existing facility in the Netherlands.
The company will soon start the process of applying for necessary permissions and licences to set up the facility. Similarly, the process towards Environmental Impact Assessment will be started soon. The construction of this plant is expected to start in the spring of 2015 and the first tyre is likely to roll out in early 2017.
Commenting on this decision, Neeraj Kanwar, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director, Apollo Tyres Ltd, said, “Our aim is to create a benchmark manufacturing facility, which would further increase our competitive strength in the European market.” Similarly, Peter Szijjarto, Parliamentary State Secretary to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs and Trade, Government of Hungary, said, “Apollo’s Hungarian investment is an important step in the re-industrialisation of Hungary.”
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Schemes by previous govts breed dependents: Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google  MS  IBM lure startups with goodies w...You are here: Home > Collections > Credits
Google, Microsoft, IBM trying to lure startups with goodies
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.09AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The aim is to compete with…)
BANGALORE: Google, Microsoft and IBM are trying to lure startups with lakhs of rupees worth of goodies in order to compete with Amazon, which is larger than all its competitors combined in the cloud computing space.
Google has launched a program for startups wherein qualified companies would be given $100,000 in cloud credits. Indian startups with revenue of less than half a million dollar and who are a part of Nasscom 10,000 startup program or funded by a select list of venture capital firms would be eligible to apply for the credits. Google has not put a number to the startups it would offer these credits to.
Microsoft similarly is offering startups $60,000 in Azure cloud credits along with its Microsoft Azure for BizSpark Plus Offer for software startups with less than a million dollar in revenue.
IBM is selectively offering cloud credits to startups through its Catalyst program on Softlayer. The credits are offered only to software companies based on their business plan.
Startups are excited with the doles being offered to them from the Internet giants. "I signed up for the Google cloud credits the day it was announced. It would be a big boost for our business," said Arjun Zacharia, Co-founder of Bangalorebased Wooplr, a social discovery & commerce platform. Zacharia is yet to receive the credits from Google. Amazon declined to comment for the story.
As demand for cloud computing is increasing rapidly in India, players such as Google, Microsoft and IBM are trying to disrupt the market, which is currently dominated by Amazon.
According to Gartner, no company is actually able to worry Amazon. AWS is the undisputed leader in the cloud market with a five times higher than the cumulative total of fourteen other providers, including Google and Microsoft.
"If these program deliver on the promise, they will drive competitive pricing and a possible price war for the public cloud," said Naveen Mishra, research director at Gartner.
"Amazon has a huge scale due to its global scale and operation, which drives economies for them and puts them in unique position to deliver aggressive pricing. That is something that is helping them in the price-sensitive Indian market."
With such offers, cloud vendors are also trying to tie-in startups to their platform at an early stage. "Migrating from one cloud platform to the other is extremely difficult and expensive," said Sanchit Gogia, chief analyst at Greyhound Research. "Once a startup is tied to a particular vendor, it will be forced to continue using the service and the platform."
The Google Cloud Computing offer will give a select set of companies with an opportunity to truly scale their business at a stage when $100,000 is probably 5% of the value of the company, says Sanjay Swamy, managing partner, AngelPrime.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Inexperienced leadership may play spoilsport in Sena s poll party | Bypolls don t matterInexperienced leadership may play spoilsport in Shiv Sena's poll party
Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 08.01AM IST
Tags:
Inexperienced leadership
(The Sena has been away from…)
MUMBAI: Most opinion polls have suggest that the Shiv Sena-BJP combine would be voted to power in Maharashtra but if that happens, the biggest problem Sena would face would be the inexperience of its leaders.
The Sena has been away from power for 15 years and the entire group of senior leaders who constituted the state cabinet in the 1990s is out of action. Many feel the Sena is struggling mainly because the party's oldguard is missing.
All senior Sena men, who occupied crucial portfolios when Sena was in power over 15 years ago, are dead, defected or have been sidelined. Manohar Joshi, Sudhir Joshi, Leeladhar Dake, Chhagan Bhujbal, Narayan Rane, Madhukar Sarpotdar, Pramod Nawalkar, Suresh Prabhu and Wamanrao Mahadik used to be the core team of Bal Thackeray. But all these leaders are now missing.
"Given the situation that no experienced person is active in the Sena core team, the party will need an alliance partner to share the responsibility," said Prakash Akolkar, author of Sena's official biography.
Chhagan Bhujbal crossed over to Congress in 1991 before Shiv Sena came to power in 1995, while Narayan Rane, who was a senior minister in the Sena government and elevated as CM after Joshi stepped down, left the Sena in 2005 to become revenue minister in the Congress government. Manohar Joshi and Sudhir Joshi have been sidelined, while Leeladhar Dake has been given just an ornamental position. Suresh Prabhu, who was active in Delhi and held very crucial portfolios such as environment and energy, has virtually been sidelined by the new leadership of the Shiv Sena.
Many within the Sena feel that the current deadlock over seat-sharing with the BJP has gone to extreme extent because of the missing old-guard. "The senior leaders used to seal the deal within one or two meetings. Now the young are not able to resolve the issues," said a senior Sena leader.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Days after CBI raid  ex-DGP of Assam kills selfPrint
Assam Police director-general Shankar Barua committed suicide on Wednesday. (Source: Dasarath Deka)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 17, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: September 17, 2014 9:39 pm
Former Assam DGP Shankar Barua shot himself to death on Wednesday, 20 days after the CBI searched his residence in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
ALSO READ:  Assam ex-DGP Barua was an upright officer: Tarun Gogoi
Barua shot himself with his personal licenced revolver on the terrace of his two-storeyed house at Barowari in Uzanbazar, a posh locality in Guwahati. He was taken to a private hospital nearby where doctors declared him as ‘brought dead’. A post-mortem examination conducted at the GMC Hospital here found that the bullet, fired from point-blank range, had pierced the right temple.
Sources close to the family said Barua was suffering from depression since the CBI raided his house and had to be hospitalised twice.
Guwahati City SSP A P Tiwari said Barua shot himself around 12.30 pm, one hour after he was released from a hospital where he was admitted three days ago.
ALSO READ:  Houses of Assam ex-ministers among 12 premises raided
A 1974-batch IPS officer who served as DGP from July 2009 to January 2012, Barua came under the CBI scanner after the main accused in the Saradha scam, Sudipta Sen, named him during interrogation. Sen is alleged to have told interrogators that he used to pay Barua regularly for giving his business “legal protection in an illegal way”.
Following this, the CBI raided Barua’s house on August 28. The CBI also examined Barua’s bank account and locker at the SBI Chenikuthi branch.
ALSO READ:  Named as Saradha beneficiary, Didi’s brother says ‘canards’
A senior CBI official said, “We had evidence against him which led a search operation at his residence. However, we were yet to interrogate him. We were examining other people from Assam in connection with the scam. We were about to summon him. But before that he committed suicide.”
Sources said after being released from Downtown Hospital around 11. 30 am, Barua first went home. From there he went to the SBI branch across the road at Uzanbazar and reportedly changed nominees for his account. Then he returned home and shot himself.
Sources said Barua had come to know that he might be summoned soon by the CBI. He was disturbed after former Bengal DG of armed police Rajat Majumdar, who was summoned for interrogation for the second time by CBI, was arrested last week.
On September 12, the CBI had arrested Barua’s close friend and well-known Guwahati-based filmmaker and singer Sadananda Gogoi in connection with the scam. Gogoi had allegedly introduced Sudipta Sen to several influential persons in Assam, Barua.
Son of former Assam IGP Bhabani Barua, the former DGP was among five persons whose properties were searched by the CBI connection with the Saradha scam on August 28. The others included former Assam health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, senior Congress MLA Anjan Dutta, managing director of the now defunct Frontier TV Manoranjana continued…

See Fed hiking rates in June; like Korea  Taiwan: Nomura08:00 am
Michael Kurtz, chief Asian equity strategist, Nomura believes the US markets are not taking a dovish view of the FOMC meet. He says they are only latching on the Fed’s growth forecast as it is much more bullish than the market’s own view.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kurtz says he now expects Janet Yellen, head of the US Federal Reserve to hike rates in June 2015. However, even if that timeline wouldn’t be accurate, the Fed will hike rates earlier than later.
Kurtz further says that volatility is likely to seep into markets now and asset reallocation will take place. He prefers the Korean and Taiwan markets among other Asian markets.
But caution isn’t too far as he expects the rising dollar cost to pose an issue to countries with high fiscal deficits. “Hence, India and Indonesia will have to work harder to attract capital flows,” he says. 
The Fed continued its easy-money course by refraining to hike interest rates sooner than expected. Yellen reiterated that any move in rates will be "data-dependent" and not based on a calendar projection.
Below is the edited transcript of Kurtz' interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What sense you have made. We have seen divergent reactions from both markets; the currency and fixed income market read it as mildly hawkish. We saw the dollar index go up but the equity markets are celebrating what this perceive as dovishness. What is your takeaway?
A: I think equity markets are not taking dovish view so much as they are latching on to the Fed’s projections for growth which would suggest that the various members of the FOMC seem to be taking a more bullish view of the US recovery than market up until now have been taking themselves. Therefore, that bullish view on growth does imply that there will be wage inflation and therefore more upwards pressure on interest rates as you mentioned but at the same time that growth will also mean that the corporate earnings that the profit cycle can continue and that’s still good news for equities even though of course the interest rate implication mean that the crosswinds will be a bit trickier.
Latha: If that’s the logic even when there is a clearer indication of a rate hike signal or the rates are hiked equity market should not face any jitters?
A: The historical pattern at the beginning of the US rate hiking cycle has been that you will typically see a small amount of equity volatility usually in mid single digits somewhere before the expected first move but that normally be a good entry opportunity for cyclical stocks that will continue to benefit from the ongoing improvement in the actual underlying demand cycle. We are wary of the possibility here that equities may yet become a bit more volatile because we get to that first actual rate move by the Fed but we are quite convinced that the underlying growth cycle is going to remain friendly for equity exposure and for that matter probably implies fixed income is going to have to continue to selloff albeit in an orderly fashion in the months ahead and let us keep in mind as well that money that leaves fixed income as yields gradually creep higher is going to have to find a new asset class to park itself into and that very law may mean that there is more money coming into equities.
Sonia: Post the FOMC policy and the marginally hawkish undertone of the Fed, would you change your forecast on when the Fed will hike interest rates?
A: At this time we are still holding to a view that the first hike will come in June of next year but we do believe that essentially all of the risk around that June forecast is for an earlier hike, in other words it will be much more likely to come in April than it would be to come in September of next year. We would emphasise here though that this is still a very data dependent outcome as Yellen herself mentioned and therefore we need to now become much more tuned to each of the monthly data cycles as we see, for example non-farm payrolls and the hourly wage numbers that come out on monthly basis.
Latha: Since your interpretation is that the Fed’s hawkishness should be seen as a positive comment on the economy and on corporate earnings, should we expect that emerging markets also will not face any jitters as and when the rate hikes come largely unlike they did when taper talk first began in May 2013?
A: I think we need to be on the front foot on a particular issue. The fact is that the rising cost of US dollar funding will become more of a challenge for those emerging markets that run current account deficits and particularly those that also have very high domestic yields which will use some of their comparative attractions as US yields are going up and that means that the big capital importing economies like Indonesia and there I say India will have to work a bit harder in order to continue to attract portfolio inflows that are necessary to fund their external deficits and those that do not continue to track these capital inflows may see some volatility in their currencies and therefore face greater pressure for domestic interest rate hikes than the emerging markets that run the comfortable current account surpluses and are not major importers of capital. Therefore, the major dividing line here that I think will differentiate performance amongst the emerging markets is they agree to external account deficits or external surpluses.
RELATED NEWS

India s lost generation: A systemic riskSep 18, 2014, 08.51 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
India's lost generation: A systemic risk?
Not one student in a class of 100 has ever heard of Bill Gates or Warren Buffet. Most students could not understand, let alone speak fluent English. "The only question they had at the end the lecture was how to find a job at home or abroad," Ong said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's lost generation: A systemic risk?
Not one student in a class of 100 has ever heard of Bill Gates or Warren Buffet. Most students could not understand, let alone speak fluent English. "The only question they had at the end the lecture was how to find a job at home or abroad," Ong said.
Post your opinion here
 
Singaporean Thomas Ong, a director at a local private equity firm, recently got invited as a guest lecturer at a private college in Jaipur, India. "I had heard stories about India`s young people with `excellent academic and English speaking skills` but what I encountered was the complete opposite," he said.
Not one student in a class of 100 has ever heard of Bill Gates or Warren Buffet. Most students could not understand, let alone speak fluent English. "The only question they had at the end the lecture was how to find a job at home or abroad," Ong said.
His account is anecdotal evidence of what human resource experts, corporate leaders and countless surveys have been highlighting over the past few years - that despite India`s huge talent pool of graduates, few are equipped with skills to be gainfully employed.
Read More: Can India offer an Ivy League education?
According to a survey conducted by Aspiring Minds, an entrepreneurial initiative in preparing youth for employability, as many as 83 percent of graduating engineers in 2013 could not find jobs, given their poor English language and cognitive skills.
In fact, only 2.6 percent of graduates in India were recruited in functional roles like accounting, 15.9 percent in sales-related roles and 21.3 percent in the business process outsourcing sector. "Nearly 47 percent of Indian graduates are unemployable in any sector, irrespective of their academic degrees," noted Varun Aggarwal, co-founder and COO of Aspiring Minds.
The statistics run counter to the perception that India`s relatively youthful population could help reap demographic dividends for the country down the line.
Read More: India`s growth speeds up in after-glow of Modi`s triumph
In 2020, the average Indian will be only 29 years old, compared to 37 in China and the U.S., 45 in West Europe and 48 in Japan, according to India`s Ministry of Labor and Employment. By 2030, India`s 1.5 billion population will have 68 percent men and women in the working age of 15-68, compared with 65 percent today.
Theoretically, a nation with young demographic has lower dependency ratio, which leads to increased consumption that can be channeled into higher investment and therefore growth.
For India however, the reality on the ground couldn`t be more different. "It is not unusual to see graduates employed as security guards, driver or waiters in restaurants, given the poor standards of education. So what demographic dividend are we talking of? The generation coming of age in the 1920s faces the greatest underemployment ever in history," said Anil Sachdev, a human resources specialist and career coach.
Read More Are China-India ties entering a new chapter?
The fault appears to lie in the dismal education standards in India. As little as 10- 12 percent of the 15-29 year-old age group in India receives any formal or informal training compared with to 28 percent in Mexico or 96 percent in South Korea.
For tertiary education, none of the 42 central universities in India feature in the most recent QS list of best 200 colleges in the world. In the rankings of the best MBA schools by the Financial Times, the prestigious Indian School of Business has fallen six places to the 36th spot this year and Indian names are conspicuously missing in the top 25 places.
Analysts say a lack of occupational focus in the degrees offered by local universities could be partly to blame. Some 82 percent of the enrolment is in arts, sciences and commerce programs rather than specific skill-based courses. Even among the engineering and management colleges, less than 25 percent can apply theoretical knowledge to functional areas, given the emphasis on rote learning and theory in the education system, says Aggarwal. The situation progressively deteriorates moving into the tier 2-3 towns from the metros.
Read More With eye on China, Modi`s India to develop disputed border region
"Excessive government regulation, outmoded curricula and a drop in the standards of teaching have led to a deterioration in the standards of education so much so that India`s demographic dividend may well turn out to be a demographic disaster," said Pramath Sinha, co-founder of the new-age Ashoka University and ex-dean of Indian School of Business, the country`s first public private initiative to bridge jobs and employability gap.
Systemic risk?
According to the World Economic Forum`s 2014 Global Risk Report, high youth unemployability raises the risk of social instability and hampers economic growth. Analysts fear this is playing out in India.
The planning commission has estimated that the country needs 500 million skilled laborers in the next 5-7 years to support economic expansion, compared with the current capacity of 3.1 million.
Read More Focus on Rape in India Ignores Gender Violence as a Global Tragedy
It`s a mind-boggling ambition, India watchers say, given that most state governments do not have the budget, will or capabilities to build the required education infrastructure. Private initiatives, meanwhile, are stymied by archaic socialist laws that ordain that education be a `not-for-profit` activity. While colleges have mushroomed in the country, the learning outcomes are so poor that they have developed an infamous reputation for being ill-respected teaching shops that dispense degrees on the tap.
"It is the biggest scam in history where political money has found its way into institutions of higher learning. While world over the government`s role is focused on learning outcomes, in India the focus is on political controls in the name of `not-for- profit. Urgent education reforms is the need of the hour," said Sachdev.
The poor education standards are recipes for social problems as incidents of crime escalate, added Sinha.
"The consequences could be huge if no action is taken. Already we are seeing an increase in violence, rape and crime in states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. If more than two-thirds of the youth don`t realize their economic potential, how can a nation achieve its growth targets? Trouble is no one seems to be paying heed," he said.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Hema Malini sparks a controversy  says widows from other states should not crowd MathuraSep 18, 2014 at  09:20am IST
Hema Malini sparks a controversy, says widows from Bengal, Bihar should not crowd Mathura
25
0
Mathura: Another Bharatiya Janata Party leader, actor-turned-politician Hema Malini, has now stoked a controversy with her statements. The BJP MP from Mathura said that widows from Bengal and Bihar should not crowd the holy city and should stay in their own states instead.
"If they (widows) are not from here then there is no need for them to come here from other states. There are many famous temples in Bengal and Bihar too, so widows who are from Bengal should stay in Bengal and those from Bihar should stay there," the 65-year-old Lok Sabha BJP MP said.
On a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, of which Vrindavan is a part, she said there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan and there was no room to accommodate more. "There are 40,000 widows in Vrindavan. I think there is no more place in the city. A large population is coming from Bengal... that's not right. Why don't they stay in Bengal? There are nice temples there. The same is true for those from Bihar," she said.
#hema malini #bharatiya janata party #bjp #mathura
The responsibility of looking after widows should be of states from where they hail, she said. Malini, who won the Lok Sabha seat from Mathura in the recent elections with a big margin, said she would speak to West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and others on the issue.
(With additional information from PTI)
69

Jadavpur University protests: Students allege TMC workers attacked them32
0
Kolkata: Protests in Jadavpur University over alleged molestation of a student continued on Thursday as the issue took a political turn with no lead on the culprit. Students have alleged that Trinamool Congress (TMC) workers attacked them late on Wednesday night and switched off the lights tactfully to catch them unawares.
On an earlier occasion students of Kolkata's prestigious Jadavpur University had alleged that the police had entered the building in the campus late on Tuesday night to break a protest and had dragged students out. Thirty-five students were arrested after they had held massive protests over the alleged molestation of a female student two weeks ago. Allegedly the woman was dragged to the men's hostel and was sexually assaulted by a group of ten men after a college fest.
The students want members from outside the university to be on the investigating panel to probe the molestation case. They have clearly displayed their displeasure at the way the case proceedings are being carried out with no transparency.
#jadavpur university #jadavpur university protests #trinamool congress #molestation case
Meanwhile, students at the university have boycotted classes and are demanding the Vice Chancellor's (VC) resignation.
A section of the University teachers have now said that the the VC has lost the moral right to remain in his position after he turned to the police for help fearing he would be injured during the protests. "This behaviour is not acceptable. Students are being beaten and are seriously injured inside college campus, " said Professor Nilanjana Gupta, General Secretary.
Kolkata has been seeing massive protests being staged as thousands took to the streets to express their outrage.
31

China s first lady to visit Tagore International School todaySep 18, 2014 at  08:57am IST
China's first lady to visit Tagore International School today
5
1
New Delhi: China's first lady Lady Peng Liyuan is scheduled to visit the Tagore International School in the national capital on Thursday morning. The school has a distance learning programme with a school in Shanghai as part of which Indian students learn Tai Chi and students in China learn Kathak and Yoga.
The students will sing a song in Mandarin for China's first lady. There will also be a classical dance rendition of Tagore's poem at the school.
Tagore International school Principal Madhulika Sen said, "We are quite excited about hosting her. We will show her our main thing which is the distance learning programme. A teacher from our school will teach yoga to students in Shanghai."
#delhi #tagore international school #china #mandarin
Peng Liyuan had a three decade long career as a folk singer and was known as an outstanding 'songbird of the century' for her singing talent. Mandarin teacher Tang Guang Rong from Tagore International School said, "I taught her songs to the students and they really liked her songs."
221

Sensex down 107 points on weak global cuesSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

US to press India on WTO trade deal during Modi s Washington visitModi's Washington visit: US to press for end in trade row
Reuters | Washington Sep 19, 2014 12:43 AM IST
The United States on Wednesday said it would press Prime Minister Narendra Modi to end his blockage of a global trade pact when he visited Washington this month, something that could dampen the mood of a trip aimed at revitalising strategic ties.
US Assistant Secretary of State Nisha Biswal said India “does itself a discredit” by blocking the trade facilitation agreement (TFA) reached in Bali last year, rekindling a dispute that overshadowed an August 1 meeting between US Secretary of State John Kerry and Modi in New Delhi.
In a conference call previewing Modi’s September 29-30 visit to Washington for a meeting with President Barack Obama, Biswal said the World Trade Organization agreement to ease worldwide customs rules would “certainly” be a topic of conversation.
“We’ve made our position very clear, which is that while we are very sympathetic to the food-security concerns the prime minister has voiced, we do believe a trade facilitation agreement is a very, very important agreement,” she said.
In late July, India had torpedoed the deal after demanding concessions on agricultural stockpiling.
Biswal said the stance “undermines India’s interests as well as the interests of...many developing countries and emerging economies”.
Top US naval officer, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, meanwhile, expressed hopes of expanding a security relationship with India, something that had failed so far to live up to Obama’s billing as “one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century”.  He said he was hoping for “clarity” on US military sales and cooperation with India when Modi visited US.
“Some of our cooperative measures in that regard have sort of stalled,” he said at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.
Greenert said the United States was keen to ramp up joint exercises to again include carrier and submarine operations. “We haven't done that in a little while,” he said. “I'd like to get back on that track.”
In spite of enthusiastic US rhetoric about Modi’s visit, it remains unclear what it will achieve.
A key aim will be to clear the air. Before Modi became prime minister, he was barred from visiting the United States after mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them belonging to the minority community , in 2002 while he was chief minister of Gujarat.
Biswal has played down expectations of quick progress on bilateral issues, not least when it comes to opening up India's civilian nuclear sector to US firms, which is hindered by their concerns about India's liability laws.
She said there were still “tough issues to be worked through” on the nuclear issue.

Shiv Sena likely to get a ministerial berth in Narendra Modi govtThe final decision will be taken by Uddhav Thackeray in a couple of days.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:17 am
The Bharatiya Janata Party on Thursday indicated that prime minister Narendra Modi was likely to reconsider the Shiv Sena’s concerns related to inadequate representation at centre in the next reshuffle.
The BJP’s decision to reassure the Sena a berth in Modi government was part of the larger process aimed at resolving the stalemate in seat sharing formula for the October 15 assembly elections. The offer was also a face saver provided to Sena to facilitate its climb down from 150 seats to 144 seats.
Sena was unhappy with centre’s decision to accord lone minister Anant Geete ministry of heavy industries. It also believed they deserved more cabinet berth in Modi government .
Highly placed sources in the BJP indicated, “ The central leadership of BJP has already conveyed its message to Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray. Now the onus to reciprocate to ensure a workable formula in seat sharing in Maharashtra for 288 seats rests with Uddhav Thackeray.”
A senior Sena functionary told Indian Express, “The final decision will be taken by Uddhav Thackeray in a couple of days. But BJP should realise that we have always been flexible. Even our demand for 150 seats amounts to we conceding 19 seats from our quota.”
In 2009, Sena contested 169 seats and BJP 119 seats. The total seats are 288 in state assembly. The Sena says, “ If we did not want the alliance we would have insisted on 169 seats. But we indicated 150 seats to convey our willingness to give away 19 seats from our share to accommodate allies.”
In retort argued, “ At the very beginning we said Sena 153 and BJP 135. Each gives nine seats. So the final works out Sena 144 and BJP 126. And smaller allies together 18 seats.”
The seat sharing talks got a momentum on Wednesday following arrival of all India party president Amit Shah. The union minister for surface transport and shipping Nitin Gadkari also joined the core committee to address the disputes within the BJP lead grand alliance “Mahauti”.
At its core committee meeting it was decided, “ The BJP will not insist for 135 seats. But it should also ensure that it does not accept anything less than 126 seats.” Adding, “ In return the Sena should also climb down from 150 seats to 144 seats.”
The total assembly seats are 288. The smaller allies Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Rashtriya Samaj Party, Republican Party of India and Shiv Sangram together can be given 18 seats. Adding there could be some a couple of plus and minus within this overall formula.
The senior BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar who was in the core committee said, “ We have taken the decision that “Mahauti” should remain intact.” Our meeting was continued…

Express 5: Modi to talk border with Xi; uncovering the deadWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:07 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. JINPING IN INDIA:
Invoking former PM Atal Behari Vajpayee’s visit to China in 2003, Narendra Modi is likely to convey to Chinese President Xi Jinping his government’s decision to continue with the Special Representatives’ talks on the border dispute.
Building on Atal, Modi to move on China border talks , special report by Shubhajit Roy
2. J&K FLOODS:
House number 354 in a narrow lane in upscale Jawaharnagar in Srinagar has the silence of a grave — and only the dead as its inhabitants.
As flood waters recede in the city, they uncover the dead , exclusive report from Ground Zero by Muzamil Jaleel
3. BYPOLL SETBACK:
As the BJP in Uttar Pradesh faces up to its bypoll setback after a polarising campaign that elevated “love jihad” to a central theme and promoted Yogi Adityanath to the status of star campaigner, the party is affirming a significantly separate course in neighbouring Bihar, a state also crucial to its Lok Sabha victory.
If Adityanath spoke in Bihar like he did in UP, we would have contradicted him: Sushil Kumar Modi
4. OPINION:
BJP’s return at the Centre has reopened the question: what constitutes the middle ground of India’s democratic politics?
5. COUNTDOWN TO ASIAN GAMES:
From left to right: Ashwini Akkunji, Mandeep Kaur, Priyanka Panwar. (Source: Express photos by Jaipal Singh)
“Support, that’s what keeps us close. We have seen very bad times and the only thing we earned during those hard times was that all of us stood by each other throughout the bad phase.”

Sensex drops over 100 points; Nifty slips below 7950Sensex recovers post fall; rallies over 200 points
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 09.26AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(US Federal Reserve also…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which plunged over 100 points in trade on Thursday managed to bounce back over 300 points from intraday low of 26503.08, led by gains in TCS, ITC, ICICI Bank, RIL and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also posted a smart recovery and the index is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks .
At 09:40 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,816.77, up 204 points or 0.77 per cent. It touched a high of 26,880.50 and a low of 26,503.08 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8036, up 60 points or 0.76 per cent. It touched a high of 8050.35 and a low of 7939.70 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 1.67 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.09 per cent), Coal India (up 1.7 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 2.01 per cent), ONGC (up 1.67 per cent) and L&T (up 1.4 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Infosys (down 1.2 per cent), HUL (down 0.42 per cent) and M&M (down 0.15 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apollo Tyres confirms Hungary as location for its first Greenfield facility outside IndiaSep 18, 2014, 09.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Apollo Tyres confirms Hungary as location for its first Greenfield facility outside India
After receiving the necessary approval from its board of directors, on the proposed investment towards setting-up a Greenfield facility in Eastern Europe, Apollo Tyres today confirmed Hungary as the location for the same.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Apollo Tyres confirms Hungary as location for its first Greenfield facility outside India
After receiving the necessary approval from its board of directors, on the proposed investment towards setting-up a Greenfield facility in Eastern Europe, Apollo Tyres today confirmed Hungary as the location for the same.
Post your opinion here
 
Apollo Tyres Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 17, 2014, titled "Apollo Tyres confirms Hungary as the location for its first Greenfield facility outside India".  After receiving the necessary approval from its board of directors, on the proposed investment towards setting-up a Greenfield facility in Eastern Europe, Apollo Tyres today confirmed Hungary as the location for the same. Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sensex  Nifty open in red; Infosys  Axis Bank  LT laggardsSep 18, 2014, 09.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex up over 200 pts, Nifty above 8000; Sun Pharma gains
Sun Pharma, Cola India, Hero and ONGC gain around 2 percent while Infosys, HUL and M&M are still losers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex up over 200 pts, Nifty above 8000; Sun Pharma gains
Sun Pharma, Cola India, Hero and ONGC gain around 2 percent while Infosys, HUL and M&M are still losers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
09:15
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:50 am Market check: The market made a U-turn just within 30 minutes of trading. The Sensex is up 218.88 points or 0.82 percent at 26850.17, and the Nifty is up 65.60 points or 0.82 percent at 8041.10. About 1471 shares have advanced, 424 shares declined, and 40 shares are unchanged.
Sun Pharma, Cola India, Hero and ONGC gain around 2 percent while Infosys, HUL and M&M are still losers in the Sensex.
9:35 am Buzzing: Pharma major Sun Pharmaceutical Industries today entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis. Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of USD 80 million, the companies said in a joint statement.
Tildrakizumab is being evaluated in Phase III registration trials for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
Don't miss: Fed will end QE next month, 'considerable time' remains
The market has opened in red after Fed Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen's clarification that the timing of rate hikes will be highly conditional and based on the Fed's assessment of the economy.
The Sensex is down 85.21 points at 26546.08 and the Nifty is down 24.85 points at 7950.65. About 381 shares have advanced, 264 shares declined, and 25 shares are unchanged.
Infosys, Axis Bank, L&T, Sesa Sterlite and NTPC are major laggards while Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, Cipla, HDFC and Bajaj Auto are top gainers in the Sensex.
The Indian rupee slipped in the opening trade. It fell by 18 paise to 61.10 per dollar versus previous day's closing value of 60.92 a dollar.
The dollar rose to its highest in over four years against a basket of currencies after the Federal Reserve's guidance on interest rates highlighted the diverging pathways between the United States and other rich nations.
Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank said, "The FOMC move has resulted in a dollar rally against major currencies. Consequently dollar is expected to mildly strengthen against the rupee. The rupee is expected to trade in a range of 60.80-61.20/dollar today."
US stocks rose, with the Dow ending at a record and the S&P 500 back above 2,000 after the Federal Reserve said it was nearing the end of its asset purchases and reiterated it would not hike interest rates for a 'considerable' period. However, they pared some gains after Janet Yellen clarified that the timing of rate hikes will be highly conditional.
Also, in less than 24 hours, the people of Scotland will vote on whether they want to remain in the United Kingdom. But top banks and many corporates warn that an independent Scotland may lose out on investments.
Back home, president Xi Jinping is in India with a promise of investing a whopping USD 100 billion. India and China inked three pacts - China will invest USD 10 billion to set up industrial parks in Ahmedabad and Pune.
Asian shares were mixed on Thursday as slowing property prices in China offset relief over the US Federal Reserve's accomodative policy stance.
RELATED NEWS

Upgrade to iOS 8 Now or WaitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

China to pump in $100 bn: Should India believe XiHi Guest
How serious is China about investing in India?
Does anyone really believe that the Chinese are going to invest $100 billion in India,? asks Rahul Jacob.   A couple of years ago, a satire of People magazine’s annual “Sexiest Man Alive” issue was splashed across the website of  China’s leading newspaper, People’s Daily. Any country with a free press would have spotted the story for the hoax it was. The Onion, the irreverent United States publication, had put, of all people, Kim Jong-un, the pudgy North ...

Sun Pharma gains after inking pact with MerckSun Pharma gains after inking pact with Merck
India to keep a tab on China s defence moves | Xi s India visit: Full coverageIndia to keep a tab on China s defence moves | Xi s India visit: Full coverage
Chinese President stresses on strong ties with IndiaChinese President stresses on strong ties with India
Trend deciding level for day is 26 609/7 968: Angel BrokingTrend deciding level for day is 26 609/7 968: Angel Broking
Sensex falls 71 points in early trade; Infosys  Axis Bank dragSensex falls 71 points in early trade; Infosys  Axis Bank drag
US to press India on WTO pact during Modi s visitUS to press India on WTO pact during Modi s visit
See gap down opening: Maximus SecuritiesSee gap down opening: Maximus Securities
India tour for Champions League is a learning curve: HafeezIndia tour for Champions League is a learning curve: Hafeez
EPFO Not To Invest In Stock MarketsEPFO Not To Invest In Stock Markets
Nifty reclaims 8 000; Sensex up nearly 200 pointsSensex up over 200 points; Sun Pharma, Hero Moto up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:00 AM IST
Benchmark indices have erased early losses and are trading in the positive territory reacting to the US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time despite weak Asian cues. 
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labour market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
 
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
 
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10-billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the programme on course to be shuttered next month.
 
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
 
 
By 10 AM, the Sensex is up by 213 points at 26,845 mark and the Nifty has gained by 67 points at 8,042 levels.
 
BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are trading in line with the large counterparts and have surged over 1% each.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is positive with 1,540 shares advancing and 471 shares declining.
 
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Wednesday, 17 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 136.08 crore on that day.
 
Global markets:
 
US stocks edged higher in volatile trading on Wednesday after the US Federal Reserve renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
 
Interest rate projections, however, show Fed officials expect rate hikes, when they come, will do so at a quicker pace than previously forecast. The US dollar jumped against the euro and yen after the statement and data release.
 
Shares in financials, up 0.4 percent, extended gains to end the session as one of the better performing S&P sectors took the lead on the S&P 500.
 
Japanese shares jumped on Thursday after the dollar vaulted to a six-year peak on the yen as the Federal Reserve's outlook for rising rates underlined the diverging path between the United states and the rest of the rich world.
 
The euro skidded to a 14-month trough while gold hit an eight-month low as the dollar swept higher across the board, a move that many investors have been itching to wager on all year.
 
Indeed, the hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, all indices are trading in the positive territory. BSE Realty index is the top gainer followed by Consumer Durables, Metal, Capital Goods and Oil & Gas indices up over 1%.
 
IT major Infosys which surged yesterday on the back of fresh orders and after China injected $81 billion into major banks is down by 1.65 and is the top loser of this hour.
HUL and GAIL are trading with marginal losses.
 
Financial shares are trading with marginal gains. Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, SBI and HDFC twins have advances 0.2%. Annual credit growth in the banking system fell to 9.68 per cent, data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed. This was the first time since October 2009 (9.01 per cent) that growth in bank credit fell below 10 per cent.
 
In the auto space, barring M&M all other stocks are trading firm with Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Bajaj Auto and Hero Motocorp have surged between 0.5-1.5%. Hero Motocorp has extended its yesterday's rally and is up 1.5% as the company announced it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh to meet the growing demand for its two-wheelers.
 
RIL is up 0.4% in the early trades. In a bid to grab the opportunity created by diesel reaching market-parity price, Reliance Industries (RIL) has set the ball rolling on reopening its fuel retail outlets, after a gap of six years, and the company is in discussions with its dealers for a higher commission.
 
Drug maker Sun Pharma is the top gaining stock of this hour up by nearly 2%. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced that it has entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with the US-based Merck & Co (known as MSD outside the US and Canada) for the latter's investigational therapeutic antibody candidate tildrakizumab, used for treating chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment. The drug is currently in the Phase 3 registration trials. Following the tandem, Cipla and Dr Reddy’s lab are up 0.5%.
 
Fresh buying is evident in the metal pack. Coal India, Hindalco and Tata Steel have gained between 0.2-1.5%.
In the Capital goods segment, BHEL nad Engineering conglomerate L&T have climbed 0.7%.
 
TCS, Wipro and ITC are some of the notable names in green among others.
 

Parsing the US Fed s wordsParsing the US Fed's words
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 09:24 AM IST
What difference do two words make?
Apparently, quite a lot.
The US Federal Reserve meeting was being closely monitored to see whether it would change the pledge to keep interest rates low for a “considerable time”. Removing “those two critical words would indicate its intention to hike interest rates in the near future. 
 
But the Fed maintained its commitment to keeping the policy rates low for a “considerable time”, even as it gradually halts its massive Quantitative Easing (QE) program that was launched in the aftermath of the financial crisis in 2008 next month. 
 
However, the so-called dot plots, which are basically projections of what officials expect the federal funds rate to be, showed that a sharper rise is in the offing compared to the June projections. The officials now expect the federal funds rate to be between 1.25% and 1.50% in late 2015 and between 2.75% and 3.0% in late 2016.
ALSO READ:  US Fed says will keep interest rates at zero for 'considerable time'
 
Although Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at a press conference following the policy meeting that there is no fixed mechanical interpretation of a time period and that it is highly conditional and is linked to the committee’s assessment of the economy, it is possible that the Fed is preparing the market for a change in language in its October policy 
 
On the impact of higher US interest rates on India, there are competing views. 
 
One view holds that an increase in the US rates and a reduction in Indian rates, both expected next year, will lower the interest rate differential between US and Indian yields, triggering capital outflows. As US securities will appear more attractive, there will be a global portfolio reallocation which will lead to outflows from India and other emerging markets. 
 
The competing view holds that although the Fed is winding down its liquidity programme, it will be countered by an expansion from the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Bank of Japan (BOJ), which will probably balance it out for India. Latest reports indicate that China has also taken measures to boost liquidity, although the scale of its operations will probably be smaller. The ECB has already cut interest rates earlier this month, pushed by fears of a EU-wide slowdown because of lower German growth rates.
 
In the past, countries that have suffered on account of QE taper talks were ones that tended to have high current-account and fiscal deficits coupled with high inflation. Although India was a poster-boy for this phenomenon, having fared miserably on all three indicators, considerable progress has been made since then. Growth, although sluggish, is likely to have bottomed out. Inflation is trending down and the current account deficit has narrowed. In addition, the new government has reaffirmed its commitment to containing fiscal deficit. 
 
So it’s possible that India may be now in a better position to deal with the withdrawal of the massive US liquidity programme. This time could be different. 
(Ishan Bakshi covers national economy and policy issues)

Islamic State campaign tests Obama s commitment to Mideast alliesUS President Barack Obama delivers a speech in the White House on the threat of ISIS.
Reuters | Washington | Posted: September 17, 2014 11:40 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 12:24 pm
After about 15 hours of flying and five hours of meetings, sleep finally caught up with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in Baghdad. It was 6:04 p.m.
ALSO READ: ISIS or ISIL or Islamic State: Where the name makes a statement 
After sinking into his seat at the center of the cavernous interior of a C-17 military transport plane, he cradled his head in his palm, put his feet on a desk and shut his eyes.
Visibly tired, too, were his retinue of aides as they took their seats, some clutching briefing papers with notes scribbled in the margin from meetings with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and the government he had formed a day earlier on Sept. 9.
Kerry’s exhaustion was understandable after nearly 24 hours of non-stop travel and meetings. America’s fatigue in the Middle East could be a different story: the Iraqis who met Kerry may wonder if his boss, President Barack Obama, has the energy or stomach for what lies ahead in a country he has spent most of his nearly six years in office trying to leave behind.
The challenge is highlighted by a Reuters/Ipsos poll on Friday showing that while Americans support Obama’s campaign of airstrikes against Islamic State militants, they have a low appetite for a long campaign against the group.
Several important tests loom for the U.S. administration’s nascent coalition to “degrade and defeat” the ultra-hardline Islamic State whose militants have seized a third of both Iraq and Syria, declared war on the West and beheaded two American journalists and one British aid worker.
The complexity of eliminating Islamic State, which requires stabilizing Iraq, building up its armed forces and creating a western-backed rebel force in Syria, could take years, testing Obama’s commitment and that of whoever succeeds him in 2017.
“There’s a real general distrust among our regional allies about our commitment to this because we’ve been missing in action for the last three years,” said David Schenker, a specialist on Syria at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and a former Pentagon adviser on Syria during President George W. Bush’s administration.
In Baghdad, Amman, Jeddah, Ankara, Cairo and Paris in the last week, Kerry laid plans for a U.S.-led coalition of regional and outside powers. It would hammer the black-clad fighters of Islamic State militarily, dry up its funding, eliminate its safe havens in Syria, block its ability to recruit fighters and try to extinguish its extremist ideology.
Kerry, who will report on his trip to Obama and Congress this week, insists this is different from past U.S. operations in the region.
“This is not the Gulf War of 1991,” he told reporters in Paris on Monday.
“And it’s not the Iraq War of 2003 … We’re not building a military coalition for an invasion. We’re building a military coalition together with all the other pieces for a transformation, as well as continued…

17 lesser-known things about PM ModiPrev Next
1. Modi's caste:
It was at a rally in Domariyaganj, UP, that Narendra Modi revealed that he belonged to a backward caste. The revelation of his caste wasn't intentional. In fact, it came as a retort to Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's comment that the BJP leaders indulge in "neech rajneeti". Replying to her at a rally in Domariyaganj, Uttar Pradesh, he had said, "I cannot deny I was born into a 'neechi jaati' (backward caste) but is that a crime?"
1. Modi's caste:
It was at a rally in Domariyaganj, UP, that Narendra Modi revealed that he belonged to a backward caste. The revelation of his caste wasn't intentional. In fact, it came as a retort to Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's comment that the BJP leaders indulge in "neech rajneeti". Replying to her at a rally in Domariyaganj, Uttar Pradesh, he had said, "I cannot deny I was born into a 'neechi jaati' (backward caste) but is that a crime?"

World factory  back office to spur growth: ChinaXi Jinping sees factory China and back office India as global engine
Rupam Jain Nair     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:13 IST
Chinese President XI Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
A combination of the "world's factory" and the "world's back office" will drive global economic growth, Chinese President Xi Jinping said ahead of a rare visit to India on Wednesday, playing down mistrust that has kept the Asian giants apart.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is determined to build closer relations with the world's second-largest economy, whose leader arrives on Modi's 64th birthday and comes with pledges to invest billions of dollars in railways, industrial parks and roads.
"As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth," Xi wrote in a column in The Hindu newspaper.
He said China's strong manufacturing base and India's software and scientific skills had massive potential both as a production base and for creating a consumer market.
Modi is seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour.
They may also discuss working together on civilian nuclear programmes and seek a solution for a long-running travel visa row, Indian officials said.
Modi hopes the leaders of the world's two most populous nations will establish a personal rapport to match the warmth he shares with Japanese Prime Minister Abe, who wished him happy returns in a phone call on Wednesday morning, Indian media reported.
But beyond the smiles and the commercial embrace, ties between nuclear-armed India and China are marked by competition for energy and regional clout as well as a festering border dispute that led to a brief war 52 years ago.
Even as officials rolled out red carpets for Xi in Gujarat's main city, Ahmedabad, friction emerged over a Himalayan border incursion and a pact between India and Vietnam to explore for oil and gas in parts of the South China Sea claimed by Beijing.
In his column, Xi said the two sides were "properly managing problems and differences" and that they shared one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations of the 21st century.
In one sign that India wants the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip there on Friday.
The Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a separatist seeking an independent Tibet, has lived in India since fleeing across the Himalayas after a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday.
MODI'S "INTENSIVE" FOREIGN POLICY
In a little more than 100 days since he came to power, Modi has engaged in what his government describes as "an intensive state of global engagement", reaching out to smaller neighbours and clasping Japan's Abe in a bear hug on his first major trip outside South Asia.
He is due to visit Washington and New York at the end of the month.
India has taken a tougher stance on Beijing's practice of issuing stapled, rather than printed, visas to Indian citizens from the disputed regions of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh. Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told her Chinese counterpart she expected China to accept a "one India policy."
"When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we appreciated their sensitivities. So we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal," she told reporters earlier this month.
India said on Tuesday it would firmly defend its 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border with China after domestic media reported a new face-off on the frontier.
"The two have the opportunity to craft a new kind of relationship between great powers that is very different from the Western-dominated, post-World War Two model of great power ties," said Jabin Jacob of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether Modi and Xi can together summon the vision and statesmanship needed to grab the opportunity," he wrote in a commentary before the visit.
Modi is not the only regional leader seeking strategic influence, defence partners and economic opportunities.
Earlier this month, Abe visited Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, asserting Tokyo's interest in a region where it has ceded influence to China.
Xi followed this week with trips to the Maldives, the Indian Ocean island nation that New Delhi has long considered its area of influence, and Sri Lanka, where the two sides built on a blossoming relationship by agreeing to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement.
(Reuters)

Maneka Gandhi says referred 7-8  love jihad  cases to policeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Top Saudi clerics issue edict against terrorismPrint
AP | Riyadh | Posted: September 17, 2014 8:08 pm
Saudi Arabia’s highest body of religious scholars has issued a religious ruling calling terrorism a “heinous crime” and saying perpetrators including Islamic State militants deserve punishment according to Islamic law.
The Council of Senior Religious Scholars said after its meeting today that it backs the kingdom’s efforts to track down people who follow not just the Islamic State group, but also al-Qaida and the Shiite Hawthi rebel group in Yemen.
It says authorities have to track down instigators of conflict because they commit “one of the greatest sins” which is disobeying the ruler.
The council’s scholars are government appointed and seen as guardians of the kingdom’s ultraconservative Wahhabi school of Islam.
The Saudi king earlier this year called on scholars to speak out more aggressively against terrorism.

IKEA to tap big India cities first  then continue expansionSep 17, 2014, 10.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
IKEA to tap big India cities first, then continue expansion
In a chat with CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala Vhora, IKEA's India chief Juvencio Maeztu talks about the progress IKEA is making in India, how IKEA will tweak its business model to suit Indian preferences and how it intends to increase the USD 500 million worth of sourcing it currently does in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IKEA to tap big India cities first, then continue expansion
In a chat with CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala Vhora, IKEA's India chief Juvencio Maeztu talks about the progress IKEA is making in India, how IKEA will tweak its business model to suit Indian preferences and how it intends to increase the USD 500 million worth of sourcing it currently does in India.
Post your opinion here

With 2.14-crore viewers  Modis Teachers Day speech hits a recordWith 2.14-crore viewers, Modi’s Teacher’s Day speech hits a record
Our Bureau
All news broadcasters, including Doordarshan, draw eyeballs
New Delhi, September 17:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s two-hour Teacher’s Day TV appearance attracted record eyeballs. All news broadcasters got a viewership of about 2.14 crore, which, according to observers, is a record.
Modi’s Teacher’s Day speech pushed up the viewership of all news broadcasters including the public broadcaster DD News.
According to the TAM data, sourced by BusinessLine, Modi’s speech, which was aired by all news broadcasters from 3 to 5 p.m., recorded a viewership that was more than five-and-a-half times their average viewership for the four previous weeks.
The average viewership for news broadcasters for the last four weeks before the Modi telecast for the same timeframe was 0.38 crore (All India, all consumers above 4 years — All 4 +).
The Special Teacher’s Day speech telecast on the public broadcaster DD News alone attracted an estimated 1.9 million (19 lakh) viewers.
This was the first time a Prime Minister was connecting with students and teachers across the country. He first addressed the students at the Manekshaw Centre in Delhi, and then took questions live as well as through video conferencing.
The live webcast of the Prime Minister’s speech, which was streamed on several YouTube channels, was watched by over 2.76 lakh viewers.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Bollywood may pave path for warmer tiesBollywood may pave path for warmer ties
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 01:04 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:43 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Aamir Khan-starrer Dhoom 3, which has earned over Rs. 500 crore worldwide, was screened across 200 theatres in China in July this year, a sign of the popularity that Indian movies command in the neighbour-ing country.
 Now, Bollywood is set to become an exciting new avenue for New Delhi to boost ties with Beijing. Cooperation in films forms a key part of a packed diplomatic agenda for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s three-day trip which began Wednesday.
Here’s the backstory behind the new foreign-relations soap opera: Mainland China is India’s second-largest film market, after the US. Indian films, popular among Chinese, bring in precious foreign exchange. For instance, 3 Idiots, a Bollywood hit, had earned Rs. 11 crore in China.
In line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call for “exceptional synergy” between the two neighbours, the external affairs ministry has cleared a proposal from information and broadcasting ministry for a joint production agreement with China for the first time.
The joint production agreement will allow Chinese producers (who work for Hollywood projects) to outsource post-production to Indian studios. Indian producers will be able to shoot in places like Shanghai, which have long been on their wish list.
A Chinese production house is currently set to make the first Chinese film with a Bollywood flavour, The Golden Truck.
China has kept itself isolated culturally and even limiting the number of foreign films it allows. Each year, the Chinese government allows only 34 foreign films to be screened publicly. Out of these 34, India is allowed to sell five films to the China Film Group Corporation (CFGC).
The joint agreement is the first step to ramp up cooperation in show biz, including distribution of each other’s cinema, an official said.

Scotland independence referendum: Will 307-year-old Union end in divorceprint
Anxiety and excitement was evident among rival camps as Scotland — a country considered the warp and woof of the United Kingdom for over three centuries — votes on Thursday in a referendum on independence that seems to be opposed by as many as those who support it.
A Scottish Saltire flag flies from a fence post near Portree on the Isle of Skye. (Reuters)
At the end of a fierce campaign by the Yes and No camps, there are many who remain undecided. Successive opinion polls and betting trends suggest a photo-finish when the result is declared on Friday morning, but most agree that the United Kingdom will never be the same again.
Read: Indians have a say but can’t swing it  | Makeover for policymaking
For most Indians, it was always ‘England’ and not the ‘United Kingdom’, and ‘England’ invariably included Scotland. The names – England, Britain, United Kingdom – were interchangeable, but if Scotland votes Yes, there will be a fundamental shift of perspective abroad.
Whatever the result, there will be a lot of unhappy Scots after the referendum. Until a week ago, there was a sense of complacency in the No campaign, lulled in the belief that in the end, the Scots will not opt for independence, until opinion polls indicated a close call.
The big issues – economic, political, cultural and international – have been debated at length, with each side sometimes drawing different conclusions from the same base indicators to influence voters. The information overload often drowned reasoned analysis.

Transportation chief weighs in on the airline legroom fights: Travelers arent sardines.By Abby Phillip September 17 Follow @abbydphillip
(Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The Great Arline Legroom Wars of 2014 seem to have quieted, for the time being at least. Yet we don’t seem to be any closer to resolving the debate about whether there is a right to recline or a right to stretch our legs.
The only people who could possibly settle that debate are the airlines themselves, and so far they haven’t said much new on the subject — other than progressively shrinking the distance between your seat and those of the people in front of and behind you.
But don’t despair! It seems that travelers have a friend in Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx.
Though Foxx doesn’t have the authority to compel airlines to do anything unless it is directly related to safety, he made it clear in a recent interview that his agency is monitoring the ongoing mid-air skirmishes. And he sent an important message that can potentially bring both sides of this raging debate together.
“[T]ravelers aren’t sardines,” Foxx told Condé Nast Traveler . “There’s a line there of comfort and the quality of experience. My hope is that the industry sees these incidents as a message from consumers that maybe they are getting a little close to that line.”
When it comes to the “Knee Defender ,” the little device that sparked the first reported incident of legroom air rage over the summer, Foxx said his office hasn’t received a flood of complaints.
“We are watching this issue to ensure that we are not seeing a trend that needs to be addressed,” Foxx said. “The airlines have their own safety rules about passengers and disruptions that occur; they have a fair amount of latitude and responsibility for managing those situations.
“Relative to the Knee Defender,” he said, “we’ve had one letter from a consumer about that [device] specifically. Our engagement is really focused on whether there is a safety issue, which is where our authority lies. If there is a pattern that poses a danger to flight, we would get involved.”
Three commercial flights were diverted over a nine-day period in late August and early September due to fights over reclining seats. On Aug. 24, two passengers in the Economy Plus section of a United flight got into a fight after one attached a Knee Defender to the seat in front of him, preventing its occupant from reclining her seat.
Just days later, a French passenger got into trouble on a Paris-to-Miami flight after confronting the flight crew about a reclining passenger.
Then, on Labor Day, a Delta Air Lines flight from New York’s LaGuardia Airport to West Palm Beach, Fla., made an unexpected stop in Jacksonville after a passenger became irate when the woman seated in front of her reclined.
The Knee Defender-deploying man at the center of the first fight later told interviewers : “I’m pretty ashamed and embarrassed by what happened. I could have handled it so much better.”
He added that he never reclines himself. It’s your right to do so, he said, “but it seems rude to do it.”
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Indias black money proposals unreasaonable:...Banks
(Proposals are not likely…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India's initiative on the retrospective sharing of information by banks to elicit information about black money at the G-20 meeting later this week is not likely to make much progress with Australia's federal treasurer Joe Hockey saying it may be difficult and costly. Hockey is hosting G-20 finance ministers at Cairns, described as the gateway to Queensland's tropical north.
In an interaction with some reporters ahead of the meeting over the weekend, Hockey said, "Emerging market economies are actually more resilient now. A number of them are in better shape that they were after the financial crisis as many of them have taken measures." He said they would be able to withstand any volatility caused by monetary tightening in the US.
Mexico has taken measures, as has Asia, and that gives them capacity to cope with greater volatility in currencies, he said, adding that another measure of comfort is that the US Federal Reserve is aware of the consequences of its actions for emerging economies. "We talked about this at the meeting in Sydney. (Fed chairman) Janet Yellen has assured emerging market economies that the US Federal Reserve would be mindful of the impact of decisions on emerging markets as they continue with tapering and go to the point of increasing interest rates," he said.
Yellen will attend the G-20 meeting and will directly brief the world's economic powers of its thinking. "I think it is very significant that the chairman is coming to Australia after her meeting and will be able to address the G-20 about any change of policy or decision of monetary adjustment made by the Fed Reserve," Hockey said.
India is keen to get G-20 backing for its demand for retrospective sharing of information on bank accounts to bring pressure on Switzerland that has stalled New Delhi's attempts to unearth black money stashed in secretive Swiss banks. "Retrospective reporting is a big systemic change as banks are in different jurisdictions," Hockey said. "So (it's) very hard to have information prepared in format on a retrospective basis. I think it is unreasonable to have retrospective requirement," Hockey said.
He also strongly denounced protectionist measures, calling them the collective enemy of humanity. "Trade ministers have discussed this twice this year. Let me emphatically say that free trade is the best friend poverty alleviation has. Protectionism is the friend of poverty," Hockey said, citing opening up in China. He added that free movement of professionals was a part of trade liberalisation and Australia would like to have greater access to markets including India for a range of different services.
"Most of the work I suspect will have to come from bilateral agreements rather than multilateral but I live in hope that multilateral agreements can deliver that outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Post FTIL tech pact  MCX can launch new contractsMCX can launch fresh contracts post FTIL's agreement with Kotak Mahindra Bank
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Once the share transfer…)
MUMBAI: In a move that will provide relief to several commodity futures markets participants, the country's largest commodity futures bourse MCX can launch fresh contracts up to March 2015 once its erstwhile promoter Financial Technologies (FTIL) signs a revised technology agreement with Kotak Mahindra Bank , a pre-condition to transferring its 15% in the exchange to the bank.
Once the share transfer takes place, or FTIL divests its entire stake in MCX, the exchange will be able to launch contracts for the whole of 2015, commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has written to the exchange.
Brokers and their clients have been very concerned about being unable to roll over their positions to 2015 as FMC has disallowed MCX to launch fresh contracts from this year end. The FMC letter to MCX will give them solace that contract launch would take place. The commission has also been informed by FTIL, which has assured MCX that it would execute the share purchase agreement (SPA) with Kotak on or before September 30.
MCX is the largest of five national commodity bourses in the country and accounts for over 80% market share . Its continuance is, therefore, imperative for the survival of India's decade-old commodity futures markets, brokers told ET.
The commission earlier this year disallowed MCX from launching fresh contracts for 2015, until it had implemented the FMC order of December 17. That order declared FTIL unfit to own shares in excess of 2% in MCX or to run the bourse in light of its alleged role in a Rs 5,600 crore scam at its subsidiary, NSEL , and because of trading and non-trading related party transactions on MCX, some of which were against regulatory norms.
FTIL, which has challenged FMC's unfit order, held 26% stake in MCX. However, it began divesting its shares in MCX in July, having sold 11% on the stock exchanges and entering into a share purchase agreement (SPA) with Kotak Mahindra to sell it 15% for Rs 459 crore.
Renegotiation of technology contracts is a key issue for the deal's successful completion. FMC reasons that once the tech renegotiation is completed it would be only a matter of time for the deal to go through and thus it has allowed launch of contracts for three months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Apple iPads  operating system to be unveiled on Oct 21: reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Human faces evolved to look uniqueE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Warner Brothers plans to slash up to 1 000 jobsWarner Brothers plans to slash up to 1,000 jobs
By AFP | 18 Sep, 2014, 09.00AM IST
"There is no head count target or percentage reduction target," said Dee Dee Myers, Warner Bros executive vice president of corporate communications.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LOS ANGELES: Warner Brothers, the fabled Hollywood studios, plans to eliminate as many as 1,000 jobs, which would be more than 10 percent of its work force, industry journal Variety reported Wednesday.
"There is no head count target or percentage reduction target," said Dee Dee Myers , Warner Brothers' executive vice president of corporate communications.
"This is a budget issue, not a head count issue," Variety quoted her as saying.
Although the exact number of job cuts, expected to come in October or November, could be slightly lower, the cuts are still expected to be deep, the report said.
"Since I became CEO, I've been working with the studio's senior management team to create a plan to position Warner Bros. for future growth," Warner chief Kevin Tsujihara told employees in a September 4 email.
"This will require us to reduce costs and reallocate resources to our high-growth businesses," he said.
The sizable cuts at Warner Brothers, producer of film and television programming, would come as parent company Time Warner scrambles to reduce spending.
Though Warner Brothers has been the most consistently winning top Hollywood studio in recent years, this year it has seen underwhelming returns on "Transcendence," "Winter's Tale" and "Edge of Tomorrow."

Fed to keep rates near zero for  considerable  timeMichael Flaherty and Howard Schneider     Washington   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 12:43 IST
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen holds a news conference in Washington (Photo: Reuters)
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the US central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered in October.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analysed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The US central bank has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs. In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labor market.
Stocks were little changed after the statement, but the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on US Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 per cent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 per cent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker."
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
US Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
EXIT STRATEGY
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings some time after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase (or reverse repo ) agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.

HC judges spot a fake in digital cleaning of Dwarka roadsComments
A picture is worth a thousand words, it is said. Well, not if it’s photoshopped and tries to substitute work instead of just words.
A Delhi high court bench spotted doctored photographs of roads and pavements in Dwarka wiped digitally cleaned by the agencies to claim they had acted on complaints by residents about poor civic facilities in the sub-city. The photographs were submitted before a bench of Justice BD Ahmed and Justice Siddharth Mridul by the South Delhi Municipal Corporation and the DDA.
“This is photoshopped. When it comes to technology, I am a novice, but even I can say it is photoshop. Somebody has tried to brush this up,” the bench remarked.
Caught red-handed, the counsel representing the SDMC and DDA quickly scrambled a defence, saying there was no reason for them to smudge the details as they were working to clean up the areas on their own.
Law student and Dwarka resident Ebbani Aggarwal, who had filed the PIL seeking a direction to the civic agencies to clean up the area, told the bench that some work has been done but it was not as clean as the photos show.
Aggarwal had approached the court, saying the markets, roads, footpaths and open vacant land and other places in Dwarka ware full of filth, solid waste and construction material. In her petition, Aggarwal had said that the sorry state of affairs was a result of tussle between the south body and the DDA.
Apart from finishing the work before September 30, the next date of hearing, the court directed the agencies to submit fresh photographs.

Xi in Delhi; talks today with Modi on bilateral trade  borderXi in Delhi; talks today with Modi on bilateral trade, border
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad/ New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 18:48 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:22 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
China's President Xi Jinping will hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday, the second day of his visit to the country.
President Xi Jinping was given a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in the morning . He will then visit the Samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, and then call on External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi will then hold bi-lateral discussions following which both the leaders will make a media statement at Hyderabad House.
On Wednesday, China's president Xi Jinping arrived to a lavish welcome in Ahmedabad, kicking off a three-day visit aimed at rebooting ties with massive Chinese investments in India, especially in infrastructure.
The choice of Ahmedabad as Xi's first stop in India, rather than New Delhi, marked a departure from protocol that many see as part of an effort to put a positive gloss on bilateral ties that still suffer from lingering distrust, despite growing trade.
Xi, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan and a delegation of senior party and government officials, was received by Modi at the Hyatt hotel, where Modi was waiting for him at the porch and greeted him with a long and warm handshake.
The two leaders then had a brief meeting followed by the signing of three memoranda of understanding (MoUs).
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives warm welcome in Ahmedabad
The MoUs included one on setting up of an industrial park in Gujarat and another to make Guangzhou and Ahmedabad sister cities. By the end of Xi's trip, Chinese investments totalling some $100 billion, particularly in modernising Indian railways, are expected to be announced.
Shortly after, Modi and Xi, both dressed in informal, half-sleeved jackets, met at the Sabarmati Ashram, where the prime minster personally guided the president through an exhibition on Gandhi's life.
 
Xi paid respects to a Gandhi statue with a namaste. The two leaders sat on the floor next to a charkha, and through the tour, continued to engage in a conversation--sometimes with interpreters and sometimes on their own. The president was also given gifts by the ashram.
The two then went for a walk on the Sabarmati riverfront.
 
Thereafter, men and women in traditional Gujarati dresses performed some folk dance and music in front of the Chinese guests. Xi and Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, were later headed to a lavish vegetarian dinner.
 
Xi travels to Delhi Wednesday evening and the two sides will hold delegation level talks on Thursday.
 
The day was marked many novelties--of a Chinese head of state starting a bilateral visit from Gujarat, of an Indian PM not only receiving him outside Delhi  but both leaders witnessing official agreements between the two countries outside Delhi, of a PM personally guiding a president of China, unhurriedly, through Gandhi's ashram, and a dinner with Gujarati vegetarian delicacies that Xi, Ahmedabad hopes, would remember for a long time.
 
Earlier in the day, Wang Hejun, economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese embassy in India, said China and India would sign a $6.8 billion deal to establish two industrial parks aimed at reducing trade imbalances.  
That came on the back of news that Indian carrier IndiGo had signed a $2.6 billion deal with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft.
Read: Indigo inks $2.6 bn leasing deal with Chinese bank
 
Besides investments, India is banking on China's track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones to upgrade its creaky infrastructure. India is also eager to address the imbalance in their annual trade, which now totals around $65 billion but is skewed toward imports of Chinese electrical equipment and parts.
 
But their ties are tested by a decades-old border dispute and fears of China's growing military and economic might. Earlier this week, Xi visited Sri Lanka and Maldives, both traditional allies of India who have unnerved New Delhi by growing closer to Beijing.
 
Modi appeared to be unbothered by those visits, alluding Tuesday to ancient Sino-Indian ties dating back to a Chinese Buddhist monk, Xuan Zang, who spent time in Modi's village in Gujarat in 600 AD.
Read: India-China ties under the Mahatma’s shadow
 
In another wrinkle ahead of Xi's trip, India on Monday extended a $100-million export credit for defence deals to Vietnam and tightened energy ties with the country, which has strained ties with China, over an increasingly ugly territorial dispute in the South China Sea.
Besides, the presence in India of Dalai Lama, who Beijing calls a splitist, continues to a source of tension between the two countries. Police detained a small group of Tibetan protesters from outside China's embassy in Delhi on Wednesday. Other Tibetans were held in Gujarat.
 

Housefull: With 10 days to go  Modi s US event is all sold outNarendra Modi’s Madison Square show sold out
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 18, 2014
First Published: 08:05 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:04 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Just days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes the stage at Madison Square Garden, the iconic Manhattan venue in New York, organisers declared it sold out on Wednesday.
Those left out can catch the event online or, if they are up to it, on one of those monster screens at Times Square nearby — the biggest screen around, organisers promised.
The MSG, as Madison Square Garden is known, has hosted rockstars, politicians, boxing matches and a Pope. It can seat 20,000; but 18,000 seats will go free to those who applied.
The rest will be reserved for donors — someone has to pay for the event — and invitees, who could include “several dozen” US lawmakers, who have expressed a desire to attend. They will take a break from their re-election campaigns to be there. A few them had wanted him to address a joint session of US congress, but that didn't work out.
The MSG event is at the heart of Modi’s visit for Indian Americans, many of whom drove long distances once to watch him beamed live into highway hotels.
Modi, as chief minister of Gujarat, was not allowed to visit the US after being denied a visa in 2005 over his government’s alleged failure to stop the 2002 riots. But he stayed in touch with the community — his popularity surged once he was projected by the BJP as its candidate for the post of prime minister — remotely, through live video feed.
Now that he is coming, over 30,000 of them applied to attend the event — coming from all over the country. But only 18,000 can be accommodated, and that’s the ceiling.
The remaining 2,000 seats are set aside for donors and invitees.
Anand Shah, spokesperson for the organisers, said the free tickets were distributed through a network of organisations of Indian Americans.
“We got in touch with about 800 organisations,” Shah said, “of which nearly 700 responded.” The organisers narrowed it down to 400 and allocated them specified number of tickets.
Some tickets will go to those who applied separately — not going through any organisation. And they are being determined by a system of lottery.
Last year’s Miss America, Nina Davuluri, who is of Indian descent, will emcee the event, with PBS Weekend Newshour anchor Hari Sreenivasan.

Chapter on Medha Patkar out of childrens bookChapter on Medha Patkar out of children’s book
Brajesh Kumar , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:58 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Government-funded publisher National Book Trust (NBT) has decided to drop a chapter on Narmada Bachao Andolan activist and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Medha Patkar from a book after an NGO raised an objection, saying Patkar was a political person and, therefore, should not be included in the book.
Read: ‘It is high time that NCERT text books are revised’
The NBT’s decision that came after it received a letter from the human resources development (HRD) ministry asking it to look into the objections raised by Ahmedabad-based NGO National Council for Civil Liberties, has added to a spate of  incidents in recent times when publishers have withdrawn books that have attracted controversy.
The NGO’s founder VK Saxena, a director of the Gujarat government’s pet project, Dholera Special Investment Region, wrote to HRD minister Smriti Irani in June, objecting to the chapter on Patkar, who he called a political person. Patkar joined AAP in 2013.
Written by Thangamani, the children’s book, Children Who Made It Big, traces the childhood of 12 famous personalities, including sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan, chess player Vishwanathan Anand and author Ruskin Bond and is part of the school curriculum in many states. 
Patkar said Saxena supported the Sardar Sarovar dam, championed by the Gujarat government and was a critic of the Narmada Bachao Andolan, the movement she headed and that opposed the construction of the dam.
“While it was not a surprise that the NGO wrote a letter to the HRD ministry asking it drop the chapter, how can the publisher so easily surrender to its demand?” she added. 
While Saxena could not be reached for his comments, NBT director MA Sikandar defended the decision.
“The NGO has been writing to us about it. After we received the letter from the ministry, we re-examined the issue and under changed circumstance we decided to drop the chapter,” he said.
Also read:

US solar power starts to outshine gasUS solar and wind start to outshine gas
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8627a7a-3e82-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed Restates Concern on Job MarketYou are here: Home Economy
Fed Renews Zero Interest Rate Pledge, Restates Concern on Job Market
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 02:41 (IST)
E-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Washington: The Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time", but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the US central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the US central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analysed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The Fed has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs.
In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market.
After the statement, the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on US Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
US stocks ended up with the Dow at a record high. ( Read more )
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 per cent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 per cent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker".
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
(Read: Yellen's remarks at the press conference )
Earlier on Wednesday, the government released data that showed consumer prices notched their first decline in nearly 1-1/2 years in August. The report also showed underlying inflation pressures were muted, which could bolster the Fed's resolve to keep a loose monetary policy in place.
Exit strategy
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings sometime after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Credit Growth Slips Below 10 Per Cent  Deposits Up 14 Per Cent: RBIIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
Mumbai: Bank credit growth continued to remain sluggish with addition being a tepid 9.6 per cent to Rs 61,40,925 crore for the fortnight to September 4, data from the Reserve Bank of India showed on Wednesday.
Deposits, however grew at a healthy 14 per cent to Rs 81,32,714 crore during the period under review. Deposits of commercial banks stood at Rs 71,47,778 crore in the same period last year.
Demand deposit grew 14.64 per cent to Rs 7,46,002 crore as of September 5 from Rs 6,50,705 crore in the year ago period.
Time deposit rose 13.69 per cent to Rs 73,86,712 crore in the period as against Rs 64,97,073 crore last year.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 22:35 (IST)

Rocket takes classified payload into spaceRocket takes classified U.S. payload into space
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- An Atlas V rocket will carry the U.S. government's classified CLIO satellite into space following a successful launch from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ()
RELATED LINKS
- An Atlas V rocket will carry the U.S. government's classified CLIO satellite into space following a successful launch from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ()
Rocket takes classified U.S. payload into space
Playlist Top News

Kem chho  Modi asks Chinese delegates; maja ma  they replyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

8K Miles Software hits record high on Sundaram BNP Paribas stake buy8K Miles Software hits record high on Sundaram BNP Paribas stake buy
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 09:23 AM IST
8K Miles Software Services has gained 5% to reach Rs 371, extending its previous day’s 8% rally on BSE, after Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought nearly two percentage points stake in the internet software and services provider through open market.
On Wednesday, September 17, Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought 175,000 shares representing 1.74% stake in 8K Miles Software Services at Rs 331.95 per share, the BSE bulk deal data shows.
Meanwhile, on August 8, DSP Blackrock bought 303,529 shares representing 3% of total equity of 8K Miles Software Services at Rs 175 per share via open market.
The stock opened at Rs 361 and touched a record high of Rs 374 on BSE. In total, around 25,932 shares changed hands on the counter in early morning deals on BSE and NSE.

Apple to unveil new iPads  OS on Oct 21Apple to unveil new iPads, operating system on Oct 21: Report
Anya George Tharakan     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 11:35 IST
Apple Inc is set to launch two new iPads and release the next version of its Mac operating system at its next event on October 21.
A report by Daily Dot, citing sources familiar with the matter, said Apple plans to unveil the sixth generation of its iPad and the third edition of the iPad mini, as well as its operating system OS X Yosemite, which has undergone a complete visual overhaul.
Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman for Apple, declined to comment.
Bloomberg had earlier reported that the new iPad is expected to have a 9.7-inch screen while the new version of the iPad mini will have a 7.9-inch screen.
Another report by the agency has said the California-based company will launch its next generation of iPads around mid-October as Apple prepares for the holiday season by boosting its product lineup .
Apple has already unveiled its Apple Watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay" last week.
The Tim Cook-led company sold 13.3 million iPads in the quarter ended June, falling short of analysts' projections for more than 14 million.
(Reuters)

Federal Reserve keeps interest rates near zeroMichael Flaherty and Howard Schneider     Washington   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 12:43 IST
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen holds a news conference in Washington (Photo: Reuters)
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the US central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered in October.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analysed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The US central bank has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs. In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labor market.
Stocks were little changed after the statement, but the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on US Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 per cent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 per cent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker."
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
US Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
EXIT STRATEGY
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings some time after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase (or reverse repo ) agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.

Xi keen to expand India  China ties | India to keep tab on Chinas defence movesChina
(On a three-day sojourn to…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese President Xi Jinping today expressed the hope that China and India will take their strategic and cooperative partnership to a higher plane.
He said he had come to India with three goals which were aimed at strengthening the bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies.
"We plan to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnership of peace and prosperity to a higher plane," Xi said after being accorded a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The Chinese leader, who arrived here last night from Ahmedabad where Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosted a dinner for him, said the first purpose of his visit is to carry forward the friendship between the two countries.
"China and India are both ancient civilisations with thousands of years of friendly interaction with each other. We also admire and respect each others' civilisation. It is important that we translate the friendly contacts and make sure that we will follow what we promise each other," Xi, who was flanked by President Pranab Mukherjee and Modi, told reporters.
Xi, who inspected a guard of honour by the three services, said his second goal is to deepen the cooperation. "Both China and India are emerging markets. It is important that we increase cooperation so that the people of China and India are benefited from it".
The two countries, he said, should also focus on core areas.
The visiting President said that his third goal is to pursue development together as both the countries had development as their priority.
"....It is important that we deepen our relationship and develop a close developmental partnership," he said.
Describing China and India as the world's two largest developing countries and emerging markets, he said, "We are also two important forces in increasingly multi-polar world. Therefore, our relationship has strategic and global significance."
Xi said the two countries can work with each other on common development to benefit the people of the two countries. "Through this visit, I hope to work with Indian leadership to build strong relations between China and India and to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnerhip for peace and prosperity to a higher level."
Receiving the Chinese President, Mukherjee introduced him to the Union Cabinet.
Later, Xi visited Rajghat.

Apollo Tyres rallies over 1% on expansion plans in HungaryYou are here: Home > Collections > Netherlands
Apollo Tyres rallies over 1% on expansion plans in Hungary
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 09.38AM IST
(The company's board has…)
NEW DELHI: Apollo Tyres Ltd rallied as much as 1.5 per cent in trade on Thursday after the tyre maker said that it will start rolling out products from its 475 million Euro greenfield plant in Hungary by 2017.
The company's board has approved the setting up of the facility that will have a total capacity of 5.5 million passenger car and light truck (PCLT) tyres and 6,75,000 heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) tyres per annum, said a PTI report.
At 09:30 a.m.; Apollo Tyres was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 203.85. It hit a low of Rs 201.40 and a high of Rs 204.40 in trade today.
The facility, which will come up at the new industrial zone near Gyongyoshalasz, will produce both, Apollo and Vredestein branded tyres, and will cater to the entire European market, and will complement Apollo Tyres' existing facility in the Netherlands, added the report.
Currently, Apollo Tyres has four manufacturing units in India, three in southern Africa and one in the Netherlands. The combined production capacity of all facilities put together is 1,700 tonnes per day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rainwater harvesting in vogue during Chozha dynastyUpdated: September 18, 2014 10:29 IST
“Rainwater harvesting in vogue during Chozha dynasty’’
A. V. Ragunathan
The Thillai Kaliamman temple in Chidambaram which has provided a historical proof of the Chozha dynasty’s well-managed water resource system.
Discovery comes to light during desilting of tank on the premises of a Chidambaram temple
The Chozha dynasty was known for its scientific water management practices. It evolved a foolproof system in which the impact of floods and drought condition could be effectively mitigated and tackled.
The system also served as the rain water harvesting system by enabling rain water to flow through tunnels to the resources such as temple tanks. The existence of such mechanism was recently unearthed when desilting was done at the Sivapriyai tank located on the premises of the Thillai Kaliamman temple in Chidambaram.
Ganapathy Murugan and A.Muthukutty, director and president of the Dravidian Historical Research Federation respectively (both are also Assistant Professors of History, Annamalai University), told The Hindu that it was a historically significant finding.
A well laid-out tunnel was found near the arch put up on the North Street of Chidambaram leading to Thillai Kaliamman temple, connecting a network of three temple tanks, including that of the Sivapriyai tank, the Sivagangai tank on the premises of the Lord Nataraja Temple and another tank on the campus of the Sri Anantheeswarar temple.
After the Sivagangai tank got filled up, the excess water would be carried through the tunnel to the other two tanks. At the entry point of the tunnel, a stone inscription written in “manipravala style,” a combination of Tamil and Grantham dating back to the 14-15th centuries was found.
The wordings “Devi Nayagan Sadha Sevai” had been etched on the stone plate embedded in the wall of the tunnel.
The historians said it meant that a staunch devotee of Goddess Kaliamman had undertaken the renovation work on the tunnel built by Vikkirama Chozhan who ruled from 1118 to 1135 AD.
The historians further noted that the Chozha dynasty was mainly dependent upon the Cauvery for cultivation. However, the region was known for recurring floods and drought.
Therefore, the Chozhas had thought of a system which could speedily drain the floods and also fill up the water sources that would ward off the drought condition in interior areas.
Vikkirama Chozhan was the descendant of Kulothunga Chozhan who later spent his life in the service of Lord Nataraja of Chidambaram.
It was the latter who provided accommodation to the Podhu Dikshithars in the surroundings of the temple, they said. Kulothunga Chozhan’s lieutenant Kalingarayan constructed the Sivagangai Theertha Kulam with granite and constructed a separate shrine for Goddess Sivakami at Chidambaram.
“Therefore, it could be said for sure that during the Chozha dynasty a well-evolved water management system was put in place in which the water sources were well protected and rain water harvesting system was in vogue,” Mr Ganapathy added.

Sell only when Nifty breaks 7850; like infra  power: Baliga08:00 am
Independent market analyst Ambareesh Baliga does not recommend going short at the current levels of 8000-8050 because he is still unsure where the market is headed. However, if Nifty breaks 7850-7900 level then one must sell as market may get a deeper correction, he adds.
Baliga recommends buying largecaps and is bullish on infrastructure and capital goods space as he expects them to grow over the next four-five years. Along with them, he also likes cement and power. According to him, power has been a neglected sector for quite some time and has huge potential to grow over the next two-three years.
He, however, suggests selling PSU banks and realty stocks on correction. Baliga does not see any recovery in listed realty companies over the next 12 months.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Yesterday in the broader markets we saw the men getting separated from the boys. We still see names like GMR Infrastructure , under pressure but there was quality buying in names likes Arvind , Apollo Tyres , anything that you would buy now from the midcap space, the good quality names?
A: Not right now because the markets are due for a correction and that is what we saw in the last few days. Even going ahead that will continue. Most of the positives are already priced in but at the ground level we are seeing that the realty is different.
IIP data is already known, bank credit growth also has been the lowest in the four to five years. So, these are not yet priced in. Going ahead once you see the macro data is still not improving over the next few months, you will have the markets correcting.
At the same time, politics, especially the Maharashtra elections are quite important. Here things are not the same as what we had seen in the last few months; things are changing and that could lead to sort of a worry for the markets.
Q: What are you concentrating in the midcap space now, if and when the market falls, what would your targets be?
A: When the market falls, I will first start buying largecaps. The sectors clearly would be infra and capital goods space because that is where you will see growth over the next four to five years.
Along with that would be cement and power. Power again has been an ignored sector for quite a while and that is one sector where I see extremely good growth over the next two to three years.
RELATED NEWS

7850-7800 may be tested  short BHEL on rise: Hemant ThukralLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
7850-7800 may be tested, short BHEL on rise: Hemant Thukral
Watch the interview of Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

"Quella volta alla Casa Bianca a cena con Bin Laden  Borg  Bush Senior e Bush Jr"Previous Story
Next Story
Loredana Berté: "Quella volta alla Casa Bianca a cena con Bin Laden, Borg, Bush Senior e Bush Jr" (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
"Ho conosciuto Bin Laden e suo figlio in una cena alla Casa Bianca. E c'erano anche Bush Senior e Bush Jr". La rivelazione sul retroscena dell'11 settembre, è della cantante Loredana Berté che, intervenendo al programma di Rai Radio2 'Un Giorno da Pecora', ha spiegato di aver cenato, una sera, con l'ex numero uno di Al Qaeda.
"Io ero a quella cena con Borg - ha detto - e Bin Laden era ad un tavolo vicino a me, quando parlava io volevo ascoltare, perché come tutti sanno lui fu un eroe indiscusso della Cia". "E dove era seduto Bin Laden?", le hanno chiesto i conduttori. "In mezzo ai Bush", ha risposto la cantante. Cosa si ricorda del terrorista? "Mi ricordo che Bush mi ha raccontato che serviva alla Cia"
Già alcuni mesi fa aveva raccontato la storia al Fatto Quotidiano .
Lei è stata sempre di sinistra.
Ho anche fatto acquistare 5mila azioni del Manifesto a Fidel Castro, ma credo di essere l'unica italiana ad aver cenato con Bin Laden alla Casa Bianca all'epoca di Bush padre. Chiesi a George Sr. a cosa servisse la Cia.
E il Presidente?
"Non serve a niente. È l'unica organizzazione del mondo che non deve rendere conto a nessuno". Se guardi all'11 settembre capisci anche il perché.
Il Papa le piace?
Un po' troppo buonista. Wojityla è stato un grande capo politico ma quello che mi piaceva era il suo predecessore, papa Luciani. Un giorno a Firenze, nei camerini di Patti Smith vidi una sua foto sulla custodia del violino. Patti fu diretta: "È il Papa che hanno ammazzato".
Altro:

Sessista o imbarazzanteColombia, la maglia della nazionale femminile di ciclismo giudicata sessista e imbarazzante (TWEET)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Probabilmente entrerà negli annali delle maglie sportive peggiori di sempre. Per il momento ha provocato sconcerto e accuse di sessismo la divisa indossata dalle ragazze del ciclismo colombiano alla presentazione del Giro di Toscana a Campi Bisenzio lo scorso 12 settembre . Si tratta di una tuta che riproduce le parti intime femminili - depilate.
Ma che divisa xe questa ? E un poco de rispetto par le donne no ? @Col_Coldeportes @BiciGoga @colombiacycling pic.twitter.com/MPcXdpLdYN
— MorenoBreda (@Morenik_) 13 Settembre 2014
Le cicliste che hanno esibito l'outift non fanno una piega e posano sorridenti per la foto di gruppo. Su Twitter invece l'immagine fa il giro del mondo e sono numerosi gli utenti che si chiedono se la divisa della nazionale maschile sia altrettanto esplicita. Ma ci sono voluti due giorni prima che l'account ufficiale del ciclismo colombiano si decidesse a rispondere alla bufera di critiche con un tweet ("Per coloro che non riescono a vedere oltre il design. È ciclismo, non è moda") e la foto della maglia indossata dai ciclisti di genere maschile. Una tuta che sembra mettere in risalto i muscoli.
Para quienes no pueden ver más allá de un diseño.Es ciclismo,no es moda #CiclismoFemenino #OrgulloNacional @BiciGoga pic.twitter.com/gEvYExCBfX

"Bevo 12 o 13 bottiglie al giorno  ma non sono un alcolista"Previous Story
Next Story
Gerard Depardieu: "Bevo 12 o 13 bottiglie al giorno, ma non sono un alcolista. Per riprendermi? Un sorso di rosé"
L'Huffington Post
Aggiornato:
15/09/2014 17:27 CEST
FILE - French actor Gerard Depardieu poses at a photo-call of the film 'Mammuth' in Berlin, Germany, in this file photo dated Friday, Feb. 19, 2010. The 63-year old French actor Gerard Depardieu was detained Thursday Nov. 29, 2012, for allegedly driving drunk and falling off his scooter in Paris, according to news reports quoting police sources. (AP Photo/Kai-Uwe Knoth, File) | AP
E-mail
Commento
" Si attacca alla prima bottiglia – di solito champagne o al massimo del vino rosso - che non sono neanche le 10 del mattino. Poi ne apre una di pastis (aperitivo altamente alcolico al sapore di anice, tipico della Francia) scolandosene almeno la metà prima di pranzo. Quindi pasteggia con altre due bottiglie di vino, tornando però allo champagne nel pomeriggio, a cui ci aggiunge della birra e, verso le cinque, il resto del pastis iniziato la mattina. A quel punto si è fatta ora di cena, che significa altro vino per accompagnare il pasto, seguito da vodka o whisky (ma spessissimo tutti e due) per chiudere in bellezza (si fa per dire)".
E' questo il "menu" di Gerard Depardieu che in un’intervista al magazine So Film UK , ripresa da Corriere della Sera, che però ci tiene a sottolineare: "Non sono mai totalmente sbronzo, giusto un tantino rompic….". E a dispetto del bypass e il colesterolo alle stelle, lui garantisce: "Mi bastano un pisolino di 10 minuti e un sorso di rosè per sentirmi fresco come una rosa", ha raccontato l’attore francese.
Quanto invece ai motivi per i quali si attacca alla bottiglia: "Quando sono annoiato, bevo e se inizio a bere, non posso farlo come una persona normale, ma arrivo a scolarmi 12, 13, 14 bottiglie al giorno, anche se dopo l’intervento e per via del colesterolo e di tutta quella roba lì, so che devo stare attento. Comunque non ho intenzione di morire. Non adesso, almeno, perché ho ancora tanta energia". "Non sono un alcolista", aveva già confessati l'attore al magazine francese Telérama "gli alcolisti si nascondono e si vergognano. Io non lo sono, come vedete racconto tutto", aveva spiegato.
. @SoFilmUK #9 is out now - featuring a monstrous Depardieu, a bullish Del Toro, a candid Arnold + The Yakuza pic.twitter.com/VPP5s1810m
— So Film UK (@SoFilmUK) 5 Settembre 2014
Guarda anche:

Compleanno senza festa per Harry. Tutta colpa di KatePrevious Story
Next Story
Kate Middleton incinta e ha le nausee: Harry annulla la festa del suo 30esimo compleanno (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Kate e William, per festeggiare il suo 30esimo compleanno, gli aveva organizzato un party. Intimo, con i famigliari e pochi amici, per festeggiare un traguardo così importante. Ma Harry, dopo la notizia della gravidanza della Duchessa di Cambridge e dopo aver appreso che Kate sta soffrendo anche per il secondogenito di una forma di nausea acuta , ha deciso di rimandare la festa. "Kate si era impegnata tanto per organizzare il tutto, che Harry non se l'è sentita di festeggiare senza di lei, costretta a casa per riposare", ha detto una fonte vicina alla Casa Reale.
Insomma, un'altra nota stonata nella vita del "piccolo" di casa: sempre più "in ombra" rispetto a suo fratello William, ma sempre più impegnato nel volontariato, col secondo nipotino in arrivo, una nuova fiamma e 10 milioni di sterline sul conto da domani, regalo di compleanno speciale della mamma Diana.
Harry compie 30 anni e anche se dice di non "sentirsi troppo vecchio", di strada ne ha fatta da quando era solo considerato la 'pecora nera' dei Windsor. A dimostrazione di ciò, l'ex principe scapestrato ha annunciato che trascorrerà il suo compleanno agli 'Invictus Games', i Giochi paralimpici da lui patrocinati e soprattutto tanto voluti, che hanno riunito in questi giorni a Londra 400 militari disabili da 13 Paesi. "E' il modo migliore per festeggiare i miei 30 anni", ha detto Harry.
Continua a leggere dopo la gallery:
Close
Il principe Harry e Cressida Bonas
di

"La Scozia indipendente come l attentato di Sarajevo" (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
"L'indipendenza della Scozia come l'attentato di Sarajevo". Enrico Letta elenca i rischi del referendum per l'Europa (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Per l'ex premier Enrico Letta una vittoria dei "sì" al referendum per la Scozia indipendente giovedì 18 settembre avrebbe conseguenze nefaste sull'Unione europea, molto simili a quelle scatenate dall'attentato di Sarajevo nel 1914.
Sul Corriere della Sera, Letta chiarisce il suo pensiero: se la Scozia deciderà di staccarsi dalla Gran Bretagna , sarà "una scelta disgregatrice figlia di un populismo istituzionale che offre soluzioni semplici con l'illusione di risolvere problemi, che invece risulterebbero inevitabilmente aggravati".
La prima conseguenza negativa del distacco, spiega il predecessore di Matteo Renzi, sarà il referendum per la secessione dall'Unione europea annunciato in Gran Bretagna per il 2017: poiché i scozzesi - molto favorevoli a rimanere nell'Unione - saranno già usciti, molto probabilmente prevarrebbero i contrari causando un terremoto.
Senza Londra, "insostituibile capitale finanziaria europea", "l'Europa sarebbe più piccola e più povera, perdendo l'11% del proprio bilancio". Ma gli effetti disastrosi, prosegue Letta, si avrebbero già nei prossimi mesi: "Il leader indipendentista e first minister scozzese Salmond non dice infatti che, una volta la Scozia staccatasi da Londra, le possibilità di entrare nell'Unione europea sono nulle" poiché serve l'unanimità degli Stati membri e certamente la Gran Bretagna non voterà per l'entrata di Edimburgo, così come la Spagna "per via dell'evidente legame tra l'indipendenza scozzese e quella della Catalogna", che andrà a referendum nel prossimo novembre.
Per l'ex presidente del Consiglio la soluzione è una terza via sperimentata anche con il Trentino-Alto Adige: "L'integrazione europea, con il valore della sussidiarietà al cuore dei Trattati ha sviluppato l'idea forte dell'autonomia, ben diversa sia dalla semplificazione populistica del separatismo che dall'inerzia centralistica".
Inoltre su HuffPost

Lo pagheremo pi di tuttiPrevious Story
Next Story
iPhone 6 in italia il 26 settembre: da 729 a 1.049 Euro. Abbiamo i prezzi più cari d'Europa (FOTO)
E-mail
Commento
26 settembre. Gli appassionati Apple possono segnare questa data sul calendario. L'iPhone 6 e l'iPhone 6 plus infatti arrivano anche in Italia. Non si può parlare di prezzo "competitivo": si va dai 729 a 1.059 euro. Tutto come da copione insomma. Apple lancia l'ultimo modello di iPhone, il mercato impazzisce, il titolo vola in borsa (anche se questa volta non troppo), c'è il record di prenotazioni, 4 milioni in 24 ore , e in Italia lo pagheremo più di tutti gli altri . Listini più cari rispetto a Germania, Spagna Portogallo, Austria, Belgio, Olanda, Finlandia e Irlanda, dove il modello base parte da 699 euro, mentre il Plus costa da 799 a 999 euro.
Apple non c'entra. Almeno non direttamente. L'effetto infatti è dovuto seppur in minima parte anche all'aumento dell'equo compenso voluto dal decreto Franceschini e l'immediato adeguamento dei listini da parte dell'azienda statunitense, che ha scaricato il balzello sui propri clienti (nulla le impediva di farlo ma neanche di non farlo). L'equo compenso è dovuto ai detentori di diritto d'autore e si applica su dispositivi contenenti una memoria. C'è dal 2003, ma le nuove tabelle sono un raddoppio di prezzo rispetto a quelle precedenti, che risalgono al 2009. Smartphone e tablet sono tra i dispositivi più colpiti.
A quanto pare però il prezzo non sta scoraggiando nessuno. Dopo la "festa" per la presentazione del'ultimo modello arriva anche la comunicazione ufficiale. "Ordini record per i nuovi iphone 6 e iphone 6 plus". Si legge in una nota di Apple: "Si è trattato del balzo maggiore nella storia dell'iPhone, con oltre 4 milioni di prenotazioni nelle prime 24 ore".
La domanda per gli smartphone, presentati il 9 settembre dal colosso di Cupertino, ha superato l'offerta disponibile per le prevendite e "anche se un numero significativo di dispositivi sarà consegnato a partire da venerdì (negli Stati Uniti) e durante il mese di settembre, molti ordini saranno soddisfatti in ottobre". Come si legge ancora nella nota, scorte ulteriori saranno disponibili per i clienti che si presenteranno direttamente nei negozi a partire dal 19 settembre, sempre negli stati uniti. "Gli iPhone 6 e 6 Plus sono migliori in ogni senso e siamo felicissimi che i clienti li amino tanto quanto noi", ha detto l'amministratore delegato Tim Cook, spiegando che gli ordini "hanno infranto un nuovo record per Apple e non vediamo l'ora di fare avere gli iPhone ai nostri clienti".
Apple conferma record di preordini iPhone 6: 4 milioni: Apple ha annunciato oggi che ha venduto sulla carta pi... http://t.co/tFsnzngUfq
— Apple 24h Ita (@Apple24hIta) 15 Settembre 2014
Un record che ha toccato anche la borsa. I titoli di Apple salgono dello 0,50% a 102.17 dollari mentre i listini americani procedono deboli. A spingere Apple è il nuovo record di ordini per l'iPhone 6 e l'iPhone 6 Plus, che hanno toccato quota 4 milioni nelle prime 24 ore.
"Ancora una volta gli utenti del nostro paese risultano penalizzati rispetto agli altri cittadini europei sul fronte dei prezzi praticati da Apple - afferma il Codacons in una nota - e arrivano a pagare per il medesimo prodotto fino a 60 euro in più. I listini praticati in Italia devono essere allineati a quelli in vigore nel resto d'Europa; fino a che questo non accadrà, invitiamo i cittadini a non acquistare il nuovo Iphone, in modo da spingere Apple a cambiare la propria strategia commerciale". Il Codacons è sul piede di guerra contro la decisione della Apple di commercializzare l'iPhone 6 in Italia a prezzi più elevati rispetto al resto d'Europa.
Inoltre su HuffPost

Belen ruba la scena alla Canalis. "Qualcuno le ha detto che non  notti sul ghiaccio"Previous Story
Next Story
Belen Rodriguez al matrimonio di Elisabetta Canalis: ruba la scena alla sposa. La Lucarelli: "Non è notti sul ghiaccio" (FOTO)
Linda Varlese, L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Bene o male, purché se ne parli. Se questa è la strategia di Belen Rodriguez, di certo, almeno nel suo caso, è vincente. Perché anche nell'evento più glamour di questa fine estate, dove ad essere protagonista è la sua amica e collega Elisabetta Canalis, che è convolata a giuste nozze con il chirurgo hollywoodiano Brian Perri , a catalizzare l'attenzione dei media è sempre lei, la showgirl argentina.
Al matrimonio dell'anno, che si è celebrato ad Alghero, ma che ha richiamato l'attenzione di tutto il mondo essendo la Canalis la ex di George Clooney , Belen ha voluto osare. E nonostante la location e l'evento richiamasse uno stile più sobrio e meno appariscente, niente le ha impedito di presentarsi vestita di un abito azzurro elettrico, tutto spacchi e trasparenze.
Pubblicazione di Belen Rodriguez .
Neanche a dirlo i flash sono stati da subito tutti per lei. Sono piovuti commenti sui social sull'outfit scelto dalla Rodriguez. E se per alcuni "Belen è sempre Belen e può permettersi qualunque cosa", altri l'hanno trovata "eccessiva", "esagerata". Tra questi Selvaggia Lucarelli che su Facebook ha scritto: "Ma a Belen hanno spiegato che era il matrimonio in chiesa della Canalis e non la finale di Notti sul ghiaccio?". Insomma, giudizi contrastanti. Ma se oggi siamo tutti qui a parlare di lei e non della Canalis, vuol dire che ancora una volta l'argentina ha fatto centro.

"Vi sposo io". Veltroni celebreril matrimonio tra George Clooney e AmalGeorge Clooney e Amal: Walter Veltroni celebrerà  il matrimonio dell'anno a Venezia (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Walter Veltroni potrebbe rimettersi addosso la fascia tricolore per celebrare uno dei matrimoni più attesi dell'anno : quello tra George Clooney e la bellissima Amal Alamuddin. I due si sposeranno il 27 settembre a Venezia, e il ricevimento dovrebbe essere in un lussuosissimo hotel che si trova proprio all'interno di Palazzo Papadopoli. Secondo alcune indiscrezioni di stampa, a celebrare l'unione tra George e Amal sarà molto probabilmente proprio l'ex sindaco di Roma ed ex segretario del Pd.
L'amicizia tra Veltroni e Clooney, d'altronde, è cosa nota: il feeling tra i due si instaurò nel 2009, quando l'attore incontrò l'ex sindaco durante la presentazione di un film. Su Veltroni "ripongo grandi speranze", disse l'attore in una intervista al Tg1, definendolo "uno dei maggiori leader mondiali". Per Veltroni, poi, le cose andarono diversamente, ma l'amicizia con Clooney restò nel tempo. I due condividono molti interessi: dal cinema all'impegno per i poveri, soprattutto in Africa. In un'intervista la star di Hollywood disse che Veltroni gli era stato utile nella sua campagna per il Darfur.
Nel 2009 si recarono insieme all'Aquila a visitare una tendopoli. "George non è solo un grandissimo attore, ma anche una grandissima persona", disse Veltroni in quell'occasione. Ora i due - almeno secondo quanto scrivono Il Correre della Sera e Il Tempo - potrebbero presto rincontrarsi in versione celebrante e sposo. Resta ancora da capire dove si svolgerà la cerimonia civile, se in municipio o in una sala di Ca' Vendramin Calergi. I fotografi, di sicuro, non mancheranno all'appuntamento.
Close
George Clooney e Amal Alamuddin a Firenze
di

Sposini  un brindisi con la Venier (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
FOTO Lamberto Sposini e Mara Venier a pranzo insieme: brindisi, cibo e risate. Il servizio di Chi
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Un brindisi con l'amica di sempre. Perché Mara Venier non l'ha mai abbandonato dal giorno in cui f u colpito da un'emorragia cerebrale . Oggi Lamberto Sposini sta meglio, grazie anche alla lunga riabilitazione alla quale è stato sottoposto . Queste immagini pubblicate da Chi, mostrano il presentatore mentre sorride e si gode il pranzo con la Venier.
"Questo è un evento speciale perché, nonostante lo venga a trovare sempre quando sono a Milano, è il nostro primo pranzo fuori al ristorante. È una gioia vedere i suoi passi in avanti nella riabilitazione, la sua forza di volontà è straordinaria", ha detto la conduttrice al settimanale. E la Venier, che con Sposini ha condotto “La vita in diretta” continua: "La mia amicizia con Lamberto può essere riassunta in due parole: cibo e risate. Abbiamo un rapporto che definirei da commilitoni, alla pari. Quando l’ho conosciuto mi è sembrato freddo, poi quando è venuto a cena casa mia e ha cucinato un’amatriciana pazzesca nacque quel meraviglioso regalo che è la nostra amicizia".
Altro:

E  lei la pi bella d Italia! (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
Miss Italia 2014, Clarissa Marchese è la più bella d'Italia. E' l'11esima miss siciliana e la terza consecutiva (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
E' Clarissa Marchese Miss Italia 2014. La ragazza siciliana, originaria della provincia di Agrigento, è nata a Sciacca e risiede a Ribera. Ha venti anni, occhi e capelli castani ed è alta 1,78 metri. E' l'undicesima vincitrice siciliana della storia di Miss Italia . E' stata incoronata a Jesolo, in diretta su La7 .
Clarissa Marchese, ha battuto nella volata finale la veneta Sara Nervo, seconda classificata, e Giulia Salemi, sul podio al terzo posto, proveniente dall'Emilia Romagna. Quarta la marchigiana Claudia Filipponi e quinta Sara Battisti, del Trentino Alto Adige.
Clarissa è l'11esima Miss Italia siciliana e la terza consecutiva, dopo Giusy Buscemi e Giulia Arena . Diplomata al liceo scientifico (100/100), è iscritta alla facoltà di Logopedia a Parma e aspira a lavorare con i bambini. Il papà Giuseppe ha una pizzeria, mentre la mamma, Marisa, è americana di origini siciliane. La ragazza è vissuto per due mesi in America.
Continua a leggere dopo la gallery
Close
Miss Italia 2014 è Clarissa Marchese
di

Scambiata per una prostituta e arrestataPrevious Story
Next Story
Danièle Watts scambiata per una prostituta e arrestata a Los Angeles. L'attrice di  Django Unchained baciava il marito (VIDEO)
Maria Alessia Biancalana, L'Huffington Post
Pubblicato:
E-mail
Commento
Danièle Watts, la protagonista del film di Quentin Tarantino 'Django Unchained', è stata scambiata per una prostituta e arrestata per aver baciato il marito in un luogo pubblico. L’attrice afro-americana stava passeggiando in pieno giorno per le strade di Los Angeles insieme al compagno Brian James Lucas, quando due agenti della polizia li hanno avvicinati, ammanettati e arrestati.
Continua a leggere oltre il tweet:
Django Unchained actress 'mistaken for being a prostitute' after kissing white husband http://t.co/ymCHrckSeL pic.twitter.com/sy2UuppizR
— The Independent (@Independent) 15 Settembre 2014
L’intervento delle forze dell’ordine è scattato in seguito a una telefonata in cui qualcuno denunciava “atteggiamenti indecenti” da parte di un uomo e una donna che rispondevano alla descrizione proprio dell’attrice e del marito, forse 'colpevoli' di essere una coppia interrazziale . Secondo quando riportato dall’Independent , la donna sarebbe stata scambiata per una prostituta in compagnia di un cliente bianco, in realtà il marito.
L’attrice sulla sua pagina Facebook ha raccontato i momenti dell’arresto, avvenuto il 12 settembre.
Continua a leggere oltre il post:
Pubblicazione di Daniele Watts .
La Watts, come ha raccontato lei stessa su Facebook, stava parlando al telefono con il padre mentre camminava mano nella mano con il marito, quando due agenti delle forze dell’ordine si sono avvicinati. I due l’hanno ammanettata e portata nella macchina della polizia.
“Sono stata ammanettata e arrestata da due agenti di polizia di Studio City – ha scritto l’attrice su Facebook - dopo aver rifiutato di ammettere di aver fatto qualcosa di sbagliato nel manifestare affetto, completamente vestita e in un luogo pubblico”. “Mentre ero seduta – ha proseguito - nella parte posteriore della macchina della polizia, mi sono ricordata delle innumerevoli volte in cui mio padre è tornato a casa frustrato o umiliato dalle forze dell’ordine senza aver fatto niente di male”.
Mentre Danièle Watts ha denunciato pubblicamente la rabbia e la vergogna provata per quanto accaduto, il dipartimento di polizia di Los Angeles (LAPD) ha spiegato in una dichiarazione - diffusa il 14 settembre sul suo sito web - di aver “risposto alla chiamata” di una persona che parlava di “atteggiamenti indecenti” da parte di “un uomo e una donna all’interno di una Mercedes con la portiera aperta”.
Così gli agenti delle forze dell’ordine sono intervenuti sul posto e hanno individuato “due soggetti che rispondevano alla descrizione dei sospetti, che sono stati posti in stato di arresto per breve tempo”. “Ulteriori indagini – ha concluso il comunicato - hanno dimostrato che nessun reato era stato commesso. La signora Watts e il suo compagno quindi sono stati rilasciati”.
In sostanza, l’attrice sarebbe stata descritta nella chiamata anonima come una prostituta in atti espliciti con un cliente. Tuttavia Danièle Watts nega di aver compiuto alcun atto osceno, descrivendo il suo atteggiamento nei confronti del marito come una normale “manifestazione d’affetto”: ha, infatti, semplicemente baciato il marito.
Ovviamente non sono mancate critiche e polemiche nei confronti della polizia, mentre il web e i social network si sono schierati dalla parte dell’attrice e del marito, uno chef. Quest’ultimo ha contribuito ad animare il dibattito e, al contempo, a incrementare le polemiche pubblicando sul suo profilo Facebook il racconto dell’accaduto, accompagnato da ulteriori foto. In particolare, in uno scatto, è visibile una ferita sul polso dell’attrice dovuta all’uso delle manette:
Pubblicazione di Cheffy BeLive .
Altro:

"E tu perch non balli"Previous Story
Next Story
VIDEO Kanye West chiede a un fan sulla sedia a rotelle di alzarsi: "E tu perché non balli?". Epic fail per il rapper
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Epic fail per Kanye West. Durante il suo concerto a Sidney in Australia, il celebre rapper ha ritenuto di non poter continuare a cantare perché non vedeva tutti i fan ballare e saltare sulle note delle sue canzoni. Così, a un certo punto, ha fermato il concerto e ha invitato le due persone in platea che non vedeva saltellare a fornire spiegazioni.
Salvo scoprire che i due semplicemente erano impossibilitati: perché l'uno aveva una protesi e l'altro era seduto su una sedia a rotelle. "La folla gli ha urlato che il fan si trovava sulla sedia a rotelle, ma il cantante ha voluto attendere che arrivasse la conferma dal suo servizio d'ordine", ha riferito un testimone.
Altro:

9 cose che pensi facciano bene alla salute ma che vanno evitate9 cose che pensi facciano bene alla salute, ma che in realtà vanno evitate (FOTO)
Silvia Pasqualotto, L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Dormire qualche ora in più durante il fine settimana, comprare solo alimenti a basso contenuto di grassi o tenere sempre in borsa un flaconcino di disinfettante per le mani. Tutte abitudini apparentemente sane . Ma che secondo il sito youbeaty.com andrebbbero evitate.
A chi non è mai capitato, complici le pubblicità che vediamo ogni giorno in televisione o i consigli di qualche amico che 'sa sempre tutto di tutto', di convincersi che usare quel prodotto o non comprarne un altro, sia un modo per migliorare la nostra salute? Spesso però quel consiglio sentito per caso non ha alcun riferimento scientifico o medico. Il riflesso sul benessere personale potrebbe quindi essere nullo. Meglio verificare sempre, leggendo attentamente l'etichetta informativa.
1
Le lavande intime
Tips
Nella pubblicità ti dicono che sono utili quando senti prurito intimo o bruciore. Ma non sempre è vero. Le lavande intime vanno usate solo quando te lo dice il medico. Sceglierle come rimedio per ogni fastidio o peggio, come trattamento di routine, è sbagliato. Questi preparati disinfettanti possono infatti alterare il delicato pH vaginale rendendo le parti intime più sensibili alle infezioni batteriche.
2
I disinfettanti per le mani
Tips
Sappiamo tutti che è buona abitudine lavarsi le mani prima di mangiare e dopo essere stati in bagno. Non tutti però sanno che sarebbe meglio sostituire i disinfettanti per le mani con il buon vecchio sapone. Il gel antibatterico secca la pelle e non è efficace, tanto quanto l'acqua, contro alcuni batteri che provocano l'influenza intestinale.
3
Gli esercizi per gli addominali
Tip
Gli addominali non sono (sempre) il rimedio migliore contro la pancia molliccia. Questi esercizi, se fatti nel modo sbagliato, possono infatti provocare lesioni alla schiena e problemi di incontinenza.
4
Il succo di frutta
Tips
Non sempre quello che viene spacciato per 'vero succo di frutta' lo è davvero. Spesso, infatti, quello che compri al supermercato contiene più zucchero che frutta e vitamine. Leggere sempre l'etichetta informativa può aiutare a non fare acquisti sbagliati.
5
Il pisolino nel fine settimana
Tips
Concedersi un pisolino in più durante il fine settimana può sembrare una buona idea, ma, in realtà, può avere anche effetti negativi. Primo fra tutti l'alterazione del cosiddetto 'ritmo biologico'. Se dormi nel weekend potresti cioè andare a letto più tardi la domenica sera, rischiando così di iniziare la settimana stanco e affaticato. La cosa migliore? Andare a letto e svegliarsi sempre alla stessa ora e assicurarsi un riposo di almeno 8 ore per notte.
6
Alimenti a basso contenuto di grassi
Tips
Solo perché che il gelato è etichettato come a 'basso contenuto di grassi' non significa che sia a basso contenuto calorico. Spesso questi alimenti contengono, infatti, più carboidrati e zuccheri rispetto alle versioni normali. Anche in questo caso verificare la lista degli ingredienti può aiutare a distinguere i cibi veramente dietetici da quelli che non lo sono.
7
L'acqua aromatizzata
Tips
Sostituire l'acqua del rubinetto con le acque aromatizzate può sembrare una buona idea perché sono ricche di vitamine. In realtà oltre alle vitamina B e C, queste acque contengono anche zucchero. Una soluzione può essere quella di aromatizzare da soli la propria acqua con una fettina di limone o di arancia.
8
Lo yogurt alla frutta
Tips
Mangiare uno yogurt al mattino è considerato un vero toccasana. Attenzione però a quelli 'alla frutta'. Questi yogurt dovrebbero contenere vera frutta ma, in alcuni casi, il loro ingrediente principale è invece lo zucchero.
9
Fare a meno del dessert
Tips
Saltare il dessert è necessario se si segue una dieta. Ma non lo è se il dolce in questione contiene cioccolato fondente. E' stato dimostrato che riduce infatti le probabilità di un attacco di cuore (abbassando la pressione sanguigna) e migliorare l'umore. Inoltre, può aiutare ad avere un aspetto bello e rilassato.Il merito è dei flavonoli, una sostanza in grado di ridurre gli ormoni dello stress e proteggere la pelle dai danni ultravioletti.
Altro:

La sceneggiatrice si innamora dell attrice e lascia il marito (VIDEO)Previous Story
Next Story
La sceneggiatrice di "Orange is the new black" divorzia dal marito per fidanzarsi con una attrice della serie (VIDEO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
"Orange is the new black" , la serie televisiva Netflix ambientata in un carcere femminile americano dove i rapporti lesbici sono molto frequenti, ha favorito la storia d'amore tra la sceneggiatrice Lauren Morelli e l'attrice Samira Wiley - che interpreta la nera Poussey .
Si tratta di un colpo di scena particolarmente inatteso per Morelli, che per amore della Wiley ha divorziato dal marito. La sceneggiatrice ha rivelato di avere scoperto la propria omosessualità mentre scriveva le scene della relazione tra Piper e Alex, le due protagoniste lesbiche di "Orange is the new black".
"Ho capito di essere gay nell'autunno del 2012, durante uno dei miei primi giorni sul set", ha scritto Morelli. "Non è stata una sola cosa, ma la somma di tanti piccoli dettagli: mi sentivo a disagio in mezzo a un gruppo di lesbiche e non mi consideravo una persona con un grosso desiderio sessuale". "Sul set questi piccoli istanti sono diventati un acuto sollievo e mi sono ritrovata a rispondere a una continua raffica di domande da parte delle attrici del cast che mi circondavano curiose come i bambini all'asilo intorno alla nuova maestra: 'Stai uscendo con qualcuna?', 'Sei sposata?', 'Con un uomo?', 'Ma un tempo baciavi le donne?', 'Ti manca?'. Sono stata obbligata a considerare una domanda che mai nella vita avrei pensato: 'Oh cazzo, sono omosessuale?'.
Altro:

Cuoce il cervello dell ex fidanzata e lo mangiaIl cannibale dell'Indiana: Joseph Oberhansley ha cotto e mangiato il cervello della sua ex fidanzata
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Quando gli agenti sono entrati in cucina di certo non pensavano di trovarsi di fronte ad una scena così sconvolgente: sopra il tavolo, preparato per il pranzo, c’era un piatto con dentro una parte di osso cranico e sui fornelli  una padella sporca di sangue e qualche residuo di carne cotta. Un pranzo ‘speciale’ preparato dal 33 enne, Joseph Oberhansley. Così speciale da avere persino un nome: Tammy Jo Blanton. La sua ex fidanzata.
L’uomo, accusato ora di omicidio, abuso di cadavere e  violazione di domicilio, ha accoltellato la sua ex fidanzata e poi ha cotto e mangiato alcune parti del suo corpo . Il fatto risale allo scorso 11 settembre.
Warning: This story is very graphic. Indiana man allegedly kills girlfriend, eats her organs: http://t.co/MYrjeK8nxv pic.twitter.com/54GtT03ilh
— Greg Fallon (@Greg_Fallon) 16 Settembre 2014
Gli agenti della polizia di Jeffersonville - come riporta il sito hlntv.com - erano andati a casa della donna per verificare che stesse bene dopo che un collega li aveva allertati perché la Blaston non si era presentata al lavoro. Ad aprire loro la porta è stato però l’ex compagno della donna. Gli agenti, insospettiti da una ferita sulla mano dell’uomo, non si sono fidati delle sue rassicurazioni e hanno fatto irruzione in casa.
“Abbiamo notato subito macchie di sangue in tutta la casa e la porta sul retro sfondata. Così abbiamo perquisito Oberhansley e gli abbiamo trovato un coltello sporco di sangue e capelli nella tasca posteriore dei jeans” ha dichiarato la polizia.
Quando la polizia è entrata in bagno ha trovato il corpo della donna coperto da un telo. Dal suo corpo mancavano però delle parti: "La parte anteriore del cranio della vittima sembrava essere stata schiacciata e c’era del tessuto cerebrale sparso intorno alla vasca”.
L’esame del medico legale ha poi rivelato che dal cadavere era stato tolto anche il cuore. Oberhansley all’inizio ha negato tutto. Ma poi nel corso di un interrogatorio, ha confessato.
"Ha confessato di aver rotto la porta sul retro della casa e anche quella del bagno dove Blanton si era rifugiata. Ha ucciso Blanton colpendola più volte con un coltello e ha ammesso di aver mutilato il suo corpo, utilizzando un seghetto per aprire il cranio. Egli ha inoltre ammesso di aver cucinare una parte del suo cervello e di averne invece mangiato un’altra parte cruda” ha spiegato la polizia.
Altro:

"Giova  ti ho fatto fuori dalla Rai in 20 minuti" (VIDEO)Previous Story
Next Story
DiMartedì, Maurizio Crozza nei panni di Renzi:"Giovanni, ti ho fatto fuori dalla Rai in 20 minuti" (VIDEO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Maurizio Crozza ha iniziato la sua avventura a DIMartedì nei panni di Matteo Renzi: "Giova tu sei la prova evidente che io mantengo le promesse. Senza nemmeno aspettare i mille giorni a te ti ho fatto fuori dalla Rai nei primi venti minuti". Poi la satira sul programma dei 1000 giorni ("più lo ripeto e più mi convinco pure io"): "Vi spiego -ha detto Crozza nei panni di Renzi- lo slogan 'passo dopo passo'. Uno mi chiede: che fai sulla scuola? Ed io: 'passo'. Che fai con la giustizia? Ed io: 'passo'. Così arrivi a fine legislatura senza aver fatto un beneamato passo".
Crozza torna dunque nei suoi panni e fa gli auguri alla nuova trasmissione, con un pò di autoironia: "Giova -dice Crozza- che bello che tu sia qui a La7. Perché qui non c'erano talk show". Poi spara contro i titoli dei nuovi programmi 'diciannovEquaranta' e 'diMartedì': "Scusa ma i tuoi figli come li hai chiamati 'quello nato a marzo' e 'quello nato a novembre'?", dice il comico che poi paragone Renzi all'iWatch ""è bello ma poi pensi: a che minchia serve?"). E chiude con l'imitazione di Marchionne e con un duetto tra il segretario della Fiom e la Camusso, entrambi interpretati da lui.
Altro:

Nearly 1 000 Chinese soldiers enter IndiaNearly 1 000 Chinese soldiers enter India
Modi  Xi expected to discuss trade  border dispute todayModi  Xi expected to discuss trade  border dispute today
Indian share markets open in the greenIndian share markets open in the green
Ramky up 7% on likely road assets sale deal with PiramalRamky up 7% on likely road assets sale deal with Piramal
India  China to sign $6.8 bn deal to build industrial parksIndia  China to sign $6.8 bn deal to build industrial parks
Board of Surya Marketing approves sub-division of equity sharesBoard of Surya Marketing approves sub-division of equity shares
Sun Pharma gains 2% on pact with Merck & Co for TildrakizumabSun Pharma gains 2% on pact with Merck & Co for Tildrakizumab
US Fed keeps interest rates low  but brace for the inevitableUS Fed keeps interest rates low  but brace for the inevitable
Micromax Canvas A1 review: For the price  Android One is a good experiencePrint
The Micromax Canvas A1 and the entire Android One experience it offers is very good. The phone promises a kind of confidence not easily achievable in this price range.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 1:08 pm
The first of the Android One devices is here. And we have been lucky enough to get our hands on the Micromax Canvas A1, one of the three smartphones launched by Indian manufacturers on the new Google platform. Here is what we thought of the new phone.
Specs: 4.5-inch (854x480p, 218ppi) capacitive touch screen | Mediatek 1.3 GHz quad core processor | 1GB RAM | 134mm height, 68mm width, 9.3mm depth and 140g weight | 2MP front and 5MP rear camera | 4GB internal memory with 32GB expandable slot |  Wifi 802.11 b/g/n, 3G, 1700 mAh  battery
Price: Rs 6,499
Design: As far as looks go, the A1 looks like a lot of other Micromax phones in the same price bracket. The big difference is the detailing around the camera, a brushed metal right that looks quite classy. There is an Android One logo towards the lower end of the rear flap, and I guess we will have to get used to seeing this more more devices in the near future. The phone is slim in a sturdy sort of way and feels a bit heavy in your hands. It is thinner than the new Moto G for instance and that is a good place to be. Another interesting feature is the rear speaker grille, which is something I have not encountered recently.
Display: I was a bit put off when I heard FWVGA when this phone’s screen specifications were being announced. But the 854x480p IPS display is anything but disappointing, especially at this price. The colours are vibrant and the icons sharp. Reading is not at all an issue. The screen sort of blends into the black bezel at the top and bottom and this seems like a good way to hide the hard edges that dominate many screens of affordable smartphones. The screen has good viewing angles and it is not such a problem using it in the sun.
Performance: This is what the Android One phones will be all about. I have used the phone only for a day, and this verdict is based on that 24-hour experience. But there is no doubt that the hardware and software gels wonderfully well on this phone. So there not even a semblance of a hesitation when you flip through the homescreen, open new apps or switch from one to another. This feels good.
Software: The OS is the purest form of Android. So there is nothing new for users who know their way around Android. All the Google apps come pre-loaded and you will enjoy using Google Now and maps on this phone. I have never seen Maps load so fast. Voice recognition also worked really well. One big difference in comparison to other Android phones is the Google Camera which replaces the native clicker. But you can start using it only when you have an SD card inserted. All photos are also backed up to Google Photos by default.
Storage: The phone has 4GB internal memory. The brand new out-of-the-box phone had 2GB available for use. It would be a good idea to invest on a 8GB card to start with, but then Amazon is offering it for free with A1 at the moment.
Camera: The native Google Camera app is something that sets this phone apart. The camera results are good, though far from being great.You can do everything you would on a regular camera app.
However, the fact that there is no gallery app and just Google photos can make it a bit confusing. Also, the phone does not save pictures on the device and you need an SD card for the camera to even start working.
Rear camera flash test. Right image: with flash. Left image: without flash.
Connectivity: I faced no issues with connectivity and got a good signal even in our basement office.
Verdict: The Micromax Canvas A1 and the entire Android One experience it offers is very good. The phone promises a kind of confidence not easily achievable in this price range. However, for users the tough choice will be in figuring out whether to opt for this phone or something else that offers similar or better specs at a slight different price.

Must watch: Irate passengers force Pak MPs out of aircraftPrint
NEW DELHI: A video showing Pakistan lawmakers Rehman Malik and Ramesh Kumar Wakwani being forced to deboard from a Pakistan International Airlines jet by angry passengers, who accused them for a two and a half hours delay has gone viral on the internet.
Angry that their PIA flight PK-370 from Karachi to Islamabad had been delayed for over two hours, passengers stopped Pakistan Peoples Party leader Rehman Malik and Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz Member of National Assembly Ramesh Kumar Wakwani from boarding the plane after accusing them of holding the place back while other passengers waited for hours.
The video shows irate passengers saying: 'We have taken it for too long... 68 years... are we going to take it for another 68 years?'
Pakistan daily Dawn reported that as soon Malik approached the jetway, angry passengers were heard shouting: 'Malik sahab, sorry. You should go back. You should apologise to these passengers. You should be ashamed of yourself... 250 passengers have suffered because of you. It is your fault, sir.'
Uploaded on Dailymotion, the video clip also show passengers ridiculing and booing both the leaders as they approached the aircraft.
It is also reported that some crew members joined the angry passengers to vent their anger.
Malik’s path was blocked by passengers forcing him to turn back towards the gate.
After the video began to go viral, Malik defended himself on Twitter saying that the delay was because of a technical problem and not because of him.
However, PIA spokesperson Mashood Tajwar said that the delay in the flight was due to a technical issue and not the fault of Rehman Malik.
"PIA does not promote VIP culture... but this flight was delayed an hour and 30 minutes due to a technical reason," Tajwar said.
"We are looking into what actually happened but after the delay, the flight departed when it was meant to," Tajwar added.
Recommend

Xiaomi sells 40 000 Redmi 1S units in 3.4 secondsXiaomi sells 40,000 Redmi 1S units in 3.4 seconds
BT Online Bureau        Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 11:48 IST
Xiaomi Redmi 1S
Yet again, keeping up with its success spree, the third round of 40,000 Xiaomi Redmi 1S smartphones was reportedly sold out in just 3.4 seconds. Redmi 1S is the second big hit from the Chinese maker, first being Xiaomi Mi3.
It seems that Xiaomi understood the Indian consumers, and its pricing strategy seems to have worked well. Quite similar to Mi3, which offers features comparable to high end phones at price equivalent mid-ranged phone. While Redmi 1S offers features comparable to mid-ranged phones at a price of entry level phone.   
Redmi 1S sports a 4.7 inch 720p IPS display, 8 MP rear camera accompanied by a flash, 1.6 MP front camera and runs on Android 4.3 Jelly Bean OS. The device is powered by a 1.6GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 quad-core processor and 1GB RAM packed with 2000 mAh battery. Redmi 1S comes with 8GB internal storage from which around 6 GB is available to the user. The storage capacity is expandable to up to 64GB with the help of a microSD card. The phone is priced at Rs 5,999.
Xiaomi, a Chinese handset maker which has exclusively tied up with online retailer Flipkart, has managed to make its space in the cluttered smartphone market in India in a short period of time.
The next sale for the Xiaomi Redmi 1S will take place on September 23. The registration window is open from September 16 to September 22 midnight.
 

SBI cuts deposit rates for 1-3 yearsSBI cuts deposit rates for 1-3 years
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 16:  
Surplus liquidity and slower-than-anticipated credit pick-up have prompted State Bank of India to cut the interest rate on retail term deposits of one year to less than three years duration to 8.75 per cent from 9 per cent.
Simultaneously, India’s largest bank increased the interest rate on short-term deposits of 180 to 210 days duration from 7 per cent to 7.25 per cent, bringing it on a par with what competitors are offering.
The new deposit rates are effective from September 18.
Loan growth in the banking system is not keeping pace with deposit inflows, said Praveen Gupta, Deputy Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, SBI. Hence, the decision to cut interest rate on retail term deposits of one year to less than three years duration.
Faced with tepid credit offtake, banks are investing their surplus liquidity in Government securities. On an average, public sector banks’ SLR (statutory liquidity ratio) investments are in excess of the requirement by 5-6 percentage points. SLR, which is the slice of deposits that banks have to invest in Government Securities, is currently at 22 per cent.
In a statement, SBI said: “With the inflation also trending down at a faster clip, this rate adjustment will continue to ensure that the savers are compensated adequately with a positive real rate on their deposits.”
To a question on whether the bank will pare its benchmark lending rate (also know as the base rate), Gupta said a cut in the lending rate, if any, can only happen with a lag.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Premal Madhavji s Top 3 picks: JSW Steel  Balkrishna Industries  Sundaram FinanceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi turns 64  meets mother in Gandhinagarpicture  others
Narendra Modi turns 64, meets mother in Gandhinagar
On his birthday on September 17, 2014, Prime Minister Narendra Modi went to Gandhinagar, 23 km from Ahmedabad, alone in a normal vehicle without any security to meet his mother Heeraben on his first birthday as Prime Minister, sources said. (Source: @PMOIndia)
Narendra Modi touches his mother's feet for blessings. (Source: @PMOIndia)
On the occasion, PM's mother donated Rs 5000 for the Prime Minister's Relief Fund for Jammu and Kashmir, they said.  (Source: @MIB_India)
95-year-old Hiraben inquired her son about his health and work as prime minister and offered him sweets on the occasion. Modi spent 15 minutes with her. (Source: PTI)
Modi, every year on his birthday has been seeking blessings of his mother. (Source: PTI)
This is his first visit to the home state after becoming the Prime Minister almost four months ago. (Source: PTI)
Related

Modi seeks mother s blessings on birthdayUpdated: September 17, 2014 12:11 IST
Modi seeks mother's blessings on birthday
Agencies
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking the blessings of his mother on Wednesday. Photo: Special Arrangement
PM Narendra Modi spent about 25 minutes with his mother Hiraba. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
celebrity
Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, spent about 25 minutes with his mother Hiraba, who also donated Rs.5,001 towards Kashmir flood relief.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met his mother in Gandhinagar on Wednesday and sought her blessings on his 64th birthday. A large number of residents gathered at the house to wish “Happy birthday Narendrabhai”.
Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, reached Ahmedabad on Tuesday.
Modi family sources said that early on Wednesday morning, the Prime Minister went to his brother Pankaj’s residence in Sector 22 in Gandhinagar.
When Modi stepped out from his official BMW car, a huge crowd of neighbours cheered Modi, saying: “Happy birthday Narendrabhai.”
Modi’s mother Hiraba, 95, put both her hands on Modi’s head and blessed him when he bowed to touch her feet.
Sources said that Hiraba contributed Rs..5,001 towards Kashmir flood relief and handed over that amount to her son.
The Prime Minister spent about 25 minutes there.
Clad in his iconic half sleeve saffron coloured kurta and a hand-woven scarf, Modi was offered laddoo by his mother.
Modi and his mother spent some time chatting and both were seated on simple plastic garden chairs.
The Prime Minister’s Office too tweeted: “PM Narendra Modi met his mother Hira Ba in Gandhinagar, Gujarat this morning. The Prime Minister sought the blessings of his mother.”
Later on Wednesday, Modi will welcome Chinese President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad who is on a three-day sojourn to India.
PM @narendramodi met his Mother, Hira Baa in Gandhinagar, Gujarat this morning. pic.twitter.com/DUQZv5DBMR
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 17, 2014
The Prime Minister also received calls from his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe and President Pranab Mukherjee to wish him.
Mr. Abe's call was a reflection of the special bonding the two Prime Ministers enjoy.
Mr. Modi visited Japan only a fortnight back and the warmth between the two leaders was on display during their meeting.
Vice President Hamid Ansari also wished him.
Extended greetings to the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi over the phone on his birthday today and wished for his long and healthy life.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 17, 2014
Greetings on birth anniversary to PM Shri  @narendramodi  - a man with vision & mission of "Samruddh, Swachh, Surakshit & Swabhimani Bharat".
— ShivrajSingh Chouhan (@ChouhanShivraj) September 17, 2014
Happy Birthday @narendramodi ji. I'm confident you will scale India to great heights under your dynamic vision and leadership.

Mutual Funds  exposure to software stocks hits all-time high in AugustE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indirect Tax Collection  P-Notes  Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on September 16  2014Indirect Tax Collection, P-Notes, Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on September 16, 2014
Wed Sep 17 2014, 13:21 hrs
Indirect Tax Collection (in Rs crore). Graph: PTI
Investments into Indian capital markets through participatory notes (P-Notes) surged to Rs 2.11 lakh crore (over USD 34 billion) last month. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. Bucking a weak trend in stocks, the Indian rupee today recovered from one-month lows to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the Greenback on fresh dollar selling by exporters. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. Persistent capital inflows also aided the rupee rise while the dollar index was almost stable against a basket of six major currencies ahead of the outcome of two-day policy meeting by the US Federal Reserve starting today. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. In their worst single-day drop in nearly 7 weeks, Sensex today plunged 324 points and Nifty tanked 109 points on across-the-board selling on caution ahead of the outcome US Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. An earlier-than-anticipated rate hike by Fed after the two-day meeting that starts later today could lead to outflows, hurting emerging markets as the incentive for investors to chase higher yields becomes smaller. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. Major bourses in Asia ended down and Europe was weak in morning trades. Rupee also continued to remain above 61-mark against dollar as domestic indices ended at three-week lows. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold prices declined modestly after a brief overnight rebound on the domestic bullion market here today due to sluggish demand from stockists as well as retail investors. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

A guide to Scotland as independence vote nearsA pair of Saltire's fly above a Yes sign in Eyemouth, Scotland, Tueday, Sept. 16, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Glasgow | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:06 pm
The people of Scotland will decide on Thursday whether to end a partnership with the rest of the United Kingdom that has lasted more than 300 years. Here is a guide to Scotland as the historic vote nears.
WHAT IS SCOTLAND?
Scotland, with little more than 5 million people, is one of the oldest countries in the world, having been united as a single nation by King Kenneth MacAlpin in the year 843.
It remained an independent state for more than 800 years until the formation of Great Britain in 1707.
When England found itself at war with France in the early 18th century, fears that Scotland would side with the enemy prompted London to block trade and deprive Scots of property they owned south of the border unless they agreed to create a single country.
After much debate — and widespread Scottish hostility — both the Scottish and English parliaments were dissolved on May 1, 1707 and replaced with a new British one.
HOW IS SCOTLAND DIFFERENT FROM THE REST OF THE UNITED KINGDOM?
Scotland has its own legal system, and the national Church of Scotland was guaranteed under the Act of Union.
However, all monetary and finance matters are controlled by the government in London and the Bank of England, which was founded by Scotsman William Paterson in 1694.
 
DOESN’T SCOTLAND ALREADY HAVE ITS OWN PARLIAMENT?
A desire for more autonomy in Scotland led to Westminster holding a referendum in 1997 for the establishment of a devolved Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
The idea was backed by 74.3 percent of the voters and in 1999 the parliament was opened for business by veteran politician Winnie Ewing, who chaired the first meeting, with the words: “The Scottish Parliament adjourned on the 25th day of March in the year 1707 is hereby reconvened.”
Members of the Scottish Parliament can legislate on education, health spending, housing, tourism, transport and a few other areas; they have no control over immigration, defense, foreign policy, employment, trade, energy or the main levers of finance.
Most of the money used by the Scottish Parliament to finance public services comes from a grant allocated by the United Kingdom government.
 
WHAT ARE SCOTLAND’S ECONOMIC STRENGTHS?
The U.K. produces more than 75 percent of the European Union’s offshore oil production, of which 90 percent is extracted from Scottish waters, according to the European Commission’s Joint Research Centre. Based on 2012 figures, the Scottish government says this Scottish oil contributes around £24.4 billion ($39.5 billion) to the U.K. economy.
In addition to oil, the Scottish government calculates the country could produce 25 percent of the EU’s offshore wind and tidal energy and 10 percent of the EU’s wave energy.
Scottish exports are worth around £100 billion year to the British Treasury, including continued…

Narendra Modi welcomes Chinese President Xi Jinping in Gujaratpicture  others
Narendra Modi welcomes Chinese President Xi Jinping in Gujarat
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday on a three-day visit, which is expected to define the relationship between the two neighbours who have had a troubled past. (Source: PTI)
The Chinese President is accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan.  (Source: Express photo by Javed Raja)
Jinping, who arrived from Sri Lanka, was welcomed by Gujarat Governor O P Kohli and Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, as well as the state Cabinet ministers. (Source: Express photo by Javed Raja)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, when he was Gujarat chief minister, had visited China multiple times and built a relationship with the Communist Party leadership there. (Source: Express photo by Javed Raja)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, when he was Gujarat chief minister, had visited China multiple times and built a relationship with the Communist Party leadership there. (Source: PTI)
Xi Jinping is the first important foreign dignitary to begin his India visit from Gujarat. (Source: PTI)
Related

Is it time for India & China to move beyond border issuesIs it time for India & China to move beyond border issues?
CNN-IBN | Sep 17, 2014 at 07:01pm
As India and China try to forge a stronger tie during the three-day state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India, is it time for India %26 China to move beyond border issues?
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Ikea plans to invest Rs 12 500 crore in IndiaIkea to invest Rs 12,500 crore in India, eyes 25 stores in 10 yrs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 22:05 IST
Photo:  Reuters
World's largest furniture retailer Ikea said on Wednesday plans to invest Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores in the country over the next decade.
The new stores, each needing investment of around Rs 500 crore, will come in the cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore, the Swedish furniture retailer said.
Ikea India has already received FIPB nod to invest Rs 10,500 crore.
It will mobilise around $500 million more from its global partners for investing in these proposed stores.
"We are looking at investing around Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores at a cost of Rs 500 crore each. We will be mobilising $500 million from our global partners for this venture," Ikea India chief executive Juvencio Maeztu told a retail summit in Mumbai.
"It is difficult to specify any time-frame when we will set up the first store, still I can say we are working on it and we are in talks with different states and are looking at all major metros for land as we require very large area of land that is near a highway," he added.
The company is likely to set up its first store in Bangalore or Hyderabad within the next couple of years. The company would require very large space as each store will be set up in an area measuring 3,50,000 square feet, he said, adding that it has not yet singled out any city for setting up its first store.
"For now, the priority is the right location and we are focusing on all major metros, the right location and the good price of land, which is important for us to start right," he said.
Typically, Ikea operates large format stores located on expressways close to large cities, where it sells various household goods such as flat pack furniture, furnishings etc at relatively lower prices.
Ikea plans to tie up with local suppliers for raw material for its forthcoming stores in the country, Maeztu said.

In Srinagar  businessmen count their lossesUpdated: September 18, 2014 11:43 IST
In Srinagar, businessmen count their losses
Zahid Rafiq
The Hindu Shops being cleared of silt in the flood-hit Batmaloo area in Srinagar on Wednesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
natural disasters
With waters receding, owners are returning to their shops to assess the damage
The Maharaja Bazaar in Srinagar, one of the busiest markets in the city, would always smell of spices, dry fruits, freshly baked cakes and ripe vegetables. In September, Kashmir’s season for marriages, the market is usually packed, making it difficult to even walk through its streets.
Today, an unbearable stench of rotten goods hits you as you enter the market. With floodwaters receding from 8 feet to just about a foot-and-a-half, owners and salesmen in Maharaja Bazaar are returning to their shops to take stock of the damage.
“It is a massive loss. I can’t even tell you what is the loss in our shop, leave alone this market,” said Feroz Ahmad, a salesman at Abdul Aziz and Sons, a dry fruits shop.
Outside the shop, damp sacks of tea, apricots, cashews, almonds and turmeric — all rotten and stinking — indicate how suddenly the disaster struck.
Mr. Ahmad said he had been waiting since Tuesday for someone from the government to come and take stock of their losses, but now he just wants to get rid of the stink.
Pointing to two big shops, Master Spices, opposite his own, he said, “They can’t even open their shop. The stench is overwhelming. They have come twice since yesterday but returned without lifting the shutters. Their losses must be in crores.”
“This is an urban flood and needs to be distinguished from the rural floods. It has destroyed our prime business stores and caused a huge loss to Kashmir’s trade and industry,” said Shakeel Qalander, a member of Kashmir Centre for Social and Development Studies. “In our assessment, the losses run into several crores,” he told TheHindu.
As the government and volunteers are busy with relief work in hundreds of neighbourhoods that are still under water, the losses in business establishments have not yet been assessed.
But for the businessmen who have lost their source of income in the floods, returning to their wasted shops is more traumatic than being trapped in their flooded homes for days.
Srinagar’s business hub, Lal Chowk, saw floodwaters rising to 8 feet in most places and more than 12 feet in some places. “Who would have imagined such a disaster?” said Gulzar Ahmad, a salesperson at Parvez and Co. cloth shop.
“Announcements were made at 2.35 am on Sunday that water was coming. We shifted our stuff to the upper shelves thinking the water would be two to three feet at the most.”

Happy Birthday PM Narendra Modi: Rare momentspicture  others
Happy Birthday PM Narendra Modi: Rare moments
As Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi turns 64, we bring you this small series of iconic pictures from the past incldung the day he took oath as the PM on May 26, 2014. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Born on September 17, 1950 in the other backward class (OBC) middle-class family at Vadnagar, Narendra Modi was the third of six children of Damodardas Mulchand Modi and Heeraben. (Source: Express archive photo)
Modi has been keenly associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) since long. (express archive photo)
Narendra Modi seen here with then supremo of Shiv Sena late Balasaheb Thackeray in Mumbai. (Source: Express archive photo)
He was handed the baton for Gujarat in the late 90s by party leader LK Advani to spearhead the election campaign in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.
"Madan Lal Khurana, Krishan Lal Sharma, Sahib Singh Verma, Lal Krishan Advani, Kedar Nath Sawhney and Narendra Modi leading the Swarn Jayanti Rath Yatra which commenced on July 15 1997. (Source: Express archive photo)
Modi became the chief minister of Gujarat in October 2001, promoted to the office at a time when his predecessor Keshubhai Patel had resigned, following the defeat of BJP in the by-elections. (Source: Express archive photo)
Modi is also accused of shielding those responsible for allegedly instigating violence in the Gujarat carnage.
Narendra Modi seen here with then Pime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee. (Express archive photo)
Though his protegee, LK Advani vehemently opposed Modi's announcement as the prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
L K Advani and Narendra Modi after the Riots of 92 in Surat. (Source: Express archive photo)
Narendra Modi in his young days. (Source: Express Archive)
An old image of Narendra Modi in his young days. (Source: Express Archive)
The multi talented Prime Minister: Narendra Modi takes the mic at a radio station. (Source: Express Archive)
At peace with himself - Narendra Modi by the side of a Holy river. (Source: Express Archive)
Narendra Modi meditating. (Source: Express Archive)
Related

Kolkata steal a thriller over ChennaiRussell, Tendo stun Chennai into submission
CLT20, GAME 1—Kolkata Knight Riders recover to chase down 158.
By Rachna Shetty | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Kolkata Knight Riders 159 for 7 (Russell 58, Ten Doeschate 51*, Nehra 4-21) beat Chennai Super Kings 157 for 4 (Dhoni 35*, Chawla 2-26) by three wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Russell, ten Doeschate added 80 after KKR were 51-5.
High drama, it seems, can never be too far from a Kolkata Knight Riders batting effort.
Ten overs into the 158-run chase against Chennai Super Kings, it seemed as if the Knight Riders of the infamous batting meltdowns had shown up to play. The absence of Robin Uthappa and Jacques Kallis left plenty of volatility to go around. Within a period of 16 balls between the third and the fifth overs, Knight Riders lurched haplessly from 9 for 0 to 9 for 2 and then 21 for 4. Ashish Nehra took three of those wickets, including two off two in the third over. Soon, Suryakumar Yadav was gone and Knight Riders were 51 for 5.
And then Ryan ten Doeschate and Andre Russell pulled off a heist. Knight Riders went into the last 10 overs needing 98 runs; they won with an over to spare.
The scorecard will show the pair added 80 runs in 45 balls but the numbers fall short of describing the brutality with which ten Doeschate and Russell accumulated the runs. Russell, in particular, has played a few innings like this for Jamaica Tallawahs in the Caribbean Premier League and it was his charge in the 11th over from Ravindra Jadeja that signalled the change in the game. Russell smacked two sixes and a four in a 17-run over to temper the required run-rate and give Knight Riders room to breathe.
Thereon, the pair did not allow the Super Kings bowlers to pile on the pressure. Dwayne Bravo bowled a couple of quiet overs but the batsmen controlled the run-rate well, taking 18 off the 16th over to drag the equation down to a winnable 32 off 24. The game was decidedly in Knight Riders' hands and although they lost two wickets towards the end, there was little Super Kings could do to wrest the advantage back.
Where Russell's fifty was all power - he finished with a strike rate of 232 - ten Doeschate was calmer, turning the strike repeatedly but finding the boundary at the right moment in an over. He continued in the same vein after Russell fell, and brought up his fifty with a six in the final over of the match.
Earlier, the experience of MS Dhoni and Bravo lifted Super Kings to 157 after the side had threatened to fall into a rut against Knight Riders' spin attack. The pair changed gears effortlessly to rack up 70 in the last seven overs, after the spin trio of Piyush Chawla , Sunil Narine and Yusuf Pathan had nullified a brisk start from Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum . A couple of close calls also went Knight Riders' way, specially the dismissals of McCullum, Suresh Raina and Faf du Plessis . McCullum was given out lbw to Pathan although a replay showed that the ball had missed his pad and hit his hand. Raina was given out lbw to Narine even as replays were uncertain over whether it was a no-ball. Du Plessis was given out stumped off Chawla as replays showed that his foot was marginally in the air when Manvinder Bisla whipped the bails off.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Sundaram BNP Paribas MF picks up around 2 pc in 8KMilesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple launches iOS 8Apple opens up with iOS 8 and targets the privacy high ground
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e21fc14c-3e6c-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Corporate activism lacks true accountabilityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Corporate activism lacks true accountability
Our Bureau
Many companies have a CSR strategy, but no policy as yet, according to a new survey
New Delhi, September 17:  
Around 35 per cent British and Indian companies operating in India have a CSR strategy but no policy in place yet, says an online survey by UK-based CSR consultancy firm Good Values, in partnership with the UK India Business Council.
The survey said out of this 35 per cent, a majority (33 per cent) said they would create a corporate social responsibility (CSR) policy in two-six months, while 20 per cent said they would need another six months to a year to come out with a policy.
The Companies Act 2013, which came into effect from April this year, makes it mandatory for firms to spend 2 per cent of their net profit on corporate social responsibility. However, there is no penalty for non-compliance.
While 77 per cent firms in the survey felt that the new rules on CSR would make no difference at all, 68 per cent felt it could bring real benefits for local communities, while 61 per cent were of the view that businesses would now move to structured CSR projects.
“Our survey found that the credibility of NGOs as partners was the biggest challenge in implementing CSR in India,” said Jacquie Irvine, co-founder of Good Values, who quit her corporate job with P&G, to start this venture. She was in Delhi to meet some corporate honchos to scout possibilities of partnerships in India.
Education, healthcare and environment were the three top areas where almost all companies had a CSR presence in India, with 85 per cent of them saying that education projects were the highest, followed by 68 per cent projects on environment and 65 per cent in the field of healthcare, with 68 per cent companies saying that CSR could drive their business forward and 19 per cent saying they were not sure, while 13 per cent saw no positive impact of CSR on their business.
While the Govt recently came out with more clarity on the areas that could be considered for CSR, many firms surveyed felt more clarity was needed in some. Companies listed under “slightly clear” or “not clear” areas such as ‘contributions to funds provided to tech incubators located within academic institutions which are approved by the Central government’, ‘Environmental sustainability & ecological balance’ etc.
The survey covered of 31 Indian and British firms operating in India across sectors such as finance, insurance, IT and communication, food and consumer goods, defence, mining, tourism etc. Around 48 per cent of the participating firms had over 5,000 employees.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

The rare respiratory virus sickening children has been confirmed in 16 states across the countryBy Mark Berman September 17 Follow @markberman
A 13-year-old being treated in Denver for the virus. (Denver Post/Cyrus McCrimmon)
The  rare respiratory illness  that cropped up in multiple states recently has been confirmed in four new states, public health officials said Wednesday.
Cases have been confirmed in Connecticut, Montana, Nebraska and Virginia, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which means that 16 states now have confirmed cases of the virus. The others are: Alabama, Colorado, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and New York.
The rare virus strain, enterovirus 68, can cause severe breathing problems. There have been 140 cases confirmed by laboratory tests, the CDC said, but it is believed that many more people have the virus and that it will continue to appear in additional states in the near future.
Enteroviruses are very common, causing between 10 million and 15 million infections each year. But this particular strain has not appeared very often since it was first isolated in California in 1962.
Public health officials have said that other states are presumably going to join this list , with cases expected to be confirmed in other places where there have been clusters of children suffering from respiratory illnesses. There are suspected cases in Georgia and Michigan, while health officials in Ohio and Utah have told The Post they suspect that they have cases of the virus.
The CDC expects that the number of infections is going to drop later in the year. Most enterovirus infections in the United States occur in the summer and fall, so these are coming at a typical time , Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, told reporters last week.
Only children have been confirmed to have the virus so far, as they lack the immunity that comes from being exposed to a disease, according to the CDC. The virus spreads when an infected person coughs or sneezes, so health officials are encouraging people to wash their hands and avoid excessive contact with those already sick. ( Here’s the advice in infographic form.)

Facebook temporarily restores hundreds of deleted drag queen profilesSep 18, 2014 at 06:36am IST
Facebook temporarily restores hundreds of deleted drag queen profiles
7
1
San Francisco: Facebook says it temporarily restored hundreds of deleted profiles of self-described drag queens and others, but declined to change a policy requiring account holders to use their real names rather than drag names such as Lil Ms. Hot Mess and Sister Roma.
The company restored the names on Wednesday after it met with several drag queens and a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors who object to Facebook's policy. The drag queens say requiring them and others to disclose their real names is unfair and could put jobs, relationships and health at risk.
Facebook said it will keep the accounts active for two weeks so people can decide whether to provide their real names.
Facebook said it will keep the accounts active for two weeks so people can decide whether to provide their real names. ( Drag queen , via Shutterstock)
#facebook #facebook real name policy #drag queens
Several drag queens and Supervisor David Campos said at a news conference at San Francisco City Hall that they are disappointed that Facebook didn't change its policy after the two sides met for about an hour Wednesday. Campos said Facebook has agreed to another meeting.
16

Tiger Global leads $60 million investment in India s QuikrSep 18, 2014 at 06:29am IST
Tiger Global leads $60 million investment in India's Quikr
4
0
Mumbai: Indian online classifieds portal Quikr has secured $60 million from backers led by US investor Tiger Global Management to boost product development and expand its mobile business, the company said on Wednesday.
Indian online businesses, especially e-retailers, have been a favourite for global investors who are betting on the segment's growth in a country which already has the world's third-largest population of Internet users, even though less than a fifth of its 1.3 billion people have access to the web.
Tiger Global - part hedge fund, part private equity - is one of a growing number of Wall Street financiers eyeing technology start-ups who have yet to list on the market.
Indian online businesses, especially e-retailers, have been a favourite for global investors
#quickr #online classifieds #tiger global
It is a new investor in India's Quikr, which said current investors had also participated in the latest fundraising. These include Warburg Pincus, Omidyar Network, eBay Inc, Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners and Norwest Venture Partners.
India's Internet use is growing fast, particularly as cheaper smartphones boom. Rising income levels and a young population have also fuelled a surge in the e-commerce sector.
Nomura analysts estimated in a note in July that the Indian e-commerce industry could quadruple from $10 billion in 2013 to $43 billion over the next five years, driven by online retail.
Flipkart, India's largest online retailer, raised $1 billion in July to scale up and counter increasing competition from Amazon.com. Another online retailer, Snapdeal also raised $100 million this year from five investors, including Singapore's Temasek Holdings.
Quikr says it has more than 30 million monthly consumer and small businesses who use the portal to sell, buy or rent products or services. Its main competitor is OLX.
0

Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus come with pre-installed kill switch48
1
Washington: New Apple phones include a theft deterrent system that enables users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen, a victory for regulators who have long pushed the telecommunications industry to do more to stem theft.
The tool, known as a kill switch, will be standard on Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices and can be installed on previous models of iPhones starting Wednesday, according to an announcement from the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
Schneiderman has long fought alongside New York District Attorney George Gascón to convince device manufacturers to include the kill switch as a default setting on their devices.
New Apple phones include a theft deterrent system that enables users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen.
#kill switch mobile phone theft #apple #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus
"This is a game changer," said Gascón. "This is a major development that will change behaviour on the street and eventually turn around this violent epidemic."
The announcement marks the first time a kill switch is present as a default option on the iPhone.
In April, Apple was among 10 device makers to sign a voluntary agreement to make the feature available on new smartphones.
In 2012, 1.6 million Americans were victimized for their smartphones, according to Schneiderman's office.
7

De Beers Warns Diamonds Are Not ForeverIndian Refiners Pay $400 million to Iran Under Interim Deal: Report
Diamond miner De Beers warned on Wednesday that global production will decline from 2020, a trend that could spell pricier bling for consumers.
A dearth of major new diamond finds means that production might not keep up with ever-increasing demand from the United States, China and India, the firm claimed.
"Unless major new discoveries are made in the coming years, supply can be expected to decline gradually from 2020," De Beers said, forecasting rocky times ahead for the $85 billion a year industry.
Existing mines in Botswana, South Africa and Namibia are becoming depleted and the need to dig deeper has made operations less profitable.
De Beers said exploration has now turned to Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Zimbabwe, Arctic Siberia and Canada.
But the last major mine discovery came a decade ago in India, at Rio Tinto's yet to be completed Bunder project.
Still, a shortage of supply might not necessarily be bad news for the Luxembourg-based firm, which accounts for around 33 per cent of overall rough diamond sales.
Demand from the United States -- the world's largest market for diamonds -- and growing appetite for the gems from China and India's middle class, will likely create a seller's market.
"Even under scenarios of volatile or weaker global economic growth, demand for diamonds is expected to show positive real growth in the next decade," De Beers said.
China, India demand growing
China has the fastest growing demand, jumping to a share of about 15 per cent of the world's diamond market from less than three percent in 2003.
But it is not expected to overtake the US market's 40 per cent share for more than a decade, De Beers CEO Philippe Mellier said.
"China and India, the engine for growth, these two big markets clearly could be as big as the US in the next maybe 15 years," said Mellier, who was in Hong Kong for the Jewellery and Gem Fair.
"For China to go up to 40 per cent share of the world market, it's still some ways to go," Mellier said, adding he expects the Chinese market to grow more than 10 percent per annum for "many more years".
De Beers said China's anti-corruption drive, which has hurt demand for luxury goods, would not affect the diamond industry.
"I think our business is less impacted by that compared to others," Stephen Lussier, CEO of De Beers Forevermark said, with diamonds usually used at weddings and other "emotional events" in life.
Global diamond jewellery sales were around $79 billion (Rs 4.7 lakh crore) in 2013, up 3 per cent compared to 2012, according to De Beers' first Diamond Insight Report.
Sales are expected to grow in the long term helped by recovery in the US economy as well as the growth of the middle class in the developing markets of China and India.
The company had said earlier than it expects "good to very good" second quarter results in India, which has seen increasing demand for the gems.
Founded in 1888 in South Africa, De Beers last year reported $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) in operating profit -- more than double that of 2012.
($1 = 61 rupees)

Want alliance with NCP intact  but there should be mutual respect: Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan17
0
Mumbai: Seat sharing talks are on between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party for the Maharashtra Assembly elections. Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan in an exclusive interview to CNN-IBN said that he wants the alliance with NCP intact but there should be mutual respect.
Chavan also claims that seat sharing talks will be resolved amicably. Following is the transcript of an excerpt from the interview:
Bhupendra Chaubey: What is the possibility Mr Chavan of the NCP, because, let's be clear, the NCP is upset with you? Now you may accept it or not, the fact is that the NCP wants see you out. Are you sure that this NCP influence over the Congress high command isn't really going to work? Are you feeling comfortable about that?
Prithviraj Chavan: No, I don't think there is any NCP influence at the cost of the Congress party.
Bhupendra Chaubey: At the cost of you Mr Chavan?
Prithviraj Chavan: My high command will take the decision, taking what is in the best interest for, first of all, the people of Maharashtra, and second, the public party into consideration.
Bhupendra Chaubey: If there is a clash of egos, a clash of personalities, are you willing to be without the NCP?
Prithviraj Chavan: That's fine. I'm trying to do a clean-up act and if it hurts some people, I think they have to accept the fact that we need to clean up the system.
Bhupendra Chaubey: What is the formula going to be this time? When it comes to who will fight how many seats, the NCP fought 114 last time, you fought for the rest of the seats. Is there any change at all in the ground situation because both you and NCP have been decimated in the Lok Sabha?
Prithviraj Chavan: In 2004, the NCP fought 124 seats. In 2009, that number came down by 10. This time, because of relative performance in the Lok Sabha or whatever reason, has claimed higher number of seats. We are in the process of negotiating with them, some seats could be adjusted, some could be exchanged. I think we will come to an understanding in order to fight the communal forces, the threat of which looms large.
Bhupendra Chaubey: Are you confident of this alliance between Congress and NCP remaining intact?
Prithviraj Chavan: I think both of us have made the statement that we should have an alliance to fight the communal forces, but this alliance should be honourable for both of us. It cannot be one-sided.
Bhupendra Chaubey: That's the key. You're saying it should be honourable for both of you. How are you going to define the degree of what is honourable?
Prithviraj Chavan: As I said, we've done it five times before. We go into negotiations, we wait till the last minute and there are demands and counter demands and we resolve the issue finally. I'm sure this time also we will resolve.
2

BJP bows before Shiv Sena  to contest 119 seats instead of 135 in Maharashtra electionsSep 18, 2014 at  08:45am IST
BJP bows before Shiv Sena, to contest 119 seats instead of 135 in Maharashtra elections
64
0
Mumbai: After the seat-sharing controversy between the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra, Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari met the Maharashtra BJP leaders in Mumbai on Wednesday night. The party leaders have bowed down to the Shiv Sena from the 135-seat demand and sent a list of 119 seats to the central leadership.
The BJP's climbdown comes just days after its dismal performance in the recently held bypolls in nine states. The decision has been communicated to the Shiv Sena. The meeting was attended by state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and senior leader Sudhir Mungantiwar.
The state BJP had earlier met Party President Amit Shah at an event in Mumbai. The 25-year-old alliance had come under strain after a deadlock over seat-sharing between the two parties for sharing the 288 state assembly seats for fighting the elections slated next month.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra polls #shiv sena #bharatiya janata party
The Shiv Sena had on Monday rejected the 135-seat sharing compromise formula offered by the BJP for Maharashtra Assembly elections. The Sena is adamant and said it will contest on at least 150 seats in the 288-member Assembly.
On Sunday, BJP leader in-charge of Maharashtra affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy had said that the party had proposed that after allotting respective share of seats to smaller alliance partners, including RPI (Athavale) and Swabhiman Party led by Raju Shetty, the remaining seats should be divided equally between BJP and Shiv Sena. "Based on this, we expect to contest about 135 seats, leaving the same number to Shiv Sena", Rudy had said.
Traditionally, Shiv Sena gets a larger chunk of seats in the Assembly elections, while the BJP contests more seats in Lok Sabha polls. In the 2009 Assembly polls, Shiv Sena had contested 169 seats and won 44, while BJP bagged 46 despite putting up candidates in only 119 seats.
Thackeray also sought to become the next Maharashtra Chief Minister. "I want the people to give me a chance and they will not be given a chance to complain," he had said on Saturday during an interaction organised by a private news channel.
48

iBall Slide WQ32: The power to do moreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex Up Nearly 200 Points  Nifty Regains 8 050You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat; Broader Markets Gain
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 09:30 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty were flat today, tracking mixed Asian markets. The Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
MSCI's index of ex-Japan Asian shares fell to 12-week lows, on the spectre of rising US rates and slower economic growth in China.
Measured against a basket of currencies, the dollar climbed to 84.753, the highest in 14 months. The rupee was weaker today at 61.17 to a dollar vs its yesterday's close of 60.92.
The Sensex was down 48 points 26,583 while Nifty fell 14 points to 7,961.
The BSE healthcare index was up nearly 1 per cent with Sun Pharma up nearly 2 per cent.
The breadth in the broader markets was positive with BSE midcap index up nearly 0.30 per cent and smallcap rising nearly 0.80 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 09:30 (IST)

Mutual Funds  Exposure to Software Stocks Hits All-Time HighNew Delhi: The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to an all-time high of Rs 29,688 crore at the end of August.
This also marks the third consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 29,688 crore as on August 31, 2014, accounting for 10.53 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore, according to data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In comparison, mutual funds had deployed Rs 27,596 crore in the shares of software companies in July. At current levels, the mutual fund industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data was not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in February this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 28,784 crore. According to market participants, mutual funds have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the IT index surged by 3.52 per cent, while the benchmark Sensex witnessing a gain of 2.86 per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 29,688 crore in August.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 19,394 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
 

Merger with Satyam will improve revenues  bottomline: INOXWe thought it would make sense for us to merge that entity with INOX so that we have the combined benefits of revenues
Deepak Asher
President & Director
INOX Leisure
INOX Leisure  board is meeting on September 25 to consider and approve the proposed merger with Satyam Cineplexes, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Deepak Asher, President and Director of INOX Leisure, said the merger was on the cards. “We acquired Satyam a month ago and since it’s a 100 percent subsidiary of INOX Leisure, we thought it would make sense to merge the entity with us so that we have combined benefits of the revenue.”
The acquisition of Satyam Cineplex has strengthened Inox Leisure’s presence in North India, where PVR  is a dominant player.
Since Satyam is a 100 percent subsidiary, there won’t be any additional share issue, Asher said, adding that the move will lead to improved revenues and bottomline. He said that post-deal, the company would be able to negotiate better with supply chain.
Below is the transcript of Deepak Asher’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: Can you just tell us about the proposal to merge Satyam Cineplexes and what it would actually bring to the table in terms of combined revenues for the company?
A: This merger was on the cards for quite a while, as you know we acquired Satyam Cineplexes about a month ago and since it’s a 100 percent subsidiary of INOX Leisure, we thought it would make sense for us to merge that entity with INOX so that we have the combined benefits of revenues as well as the synergies of the economies of scale that both these operations together will bring to us.
Latha: Will your number of equity shares increase? 
A: I don’t think so. Obviously it is for the board to decide but as far as I believe it is a 100 percent subsidiary so there wont be any additional share issued, it will just be merged with the existing operations of INOX. And since there are no outside shareholders they won’t be any need to issue shares to compensate any of the shareholders for that. 
Sonia: Can you give us any indication of what the synergies will be in terms of how much your combined revenues could grow, how long it will take for the brand integration etc since you have just acquired the company?
A: Well obviously the benefits of synergies will not just be the sum of the part so it is not just the revenues of INOX and the revenues of Satyam marrying together but we believe the sum would be larger than the parts because of the fact that there would be economies of scale, there would be synergies of operations. A lot of infrastructure that is currently being duplicated will be avoided, we believe because of the larger foot print across the breadth of the country we will be able to negotiate better with supply chain in sourcing both content as well as some of the other inputs that go into operations and that I believe should help improve our bottom-line.
Latha: Actually you all go up from 320 to 358 screens right?
A: Yes that would obviously happen but the benefit would be more than just that. Satyam also has a pipeline in addition to our own pipeline. 
Latha: So what will the year end number of multiplexes looks like or say a year down the line FY16 total screens?
A: I cannot make futuristic projections because of regulations but the momentum of growth that we had witnessed over the past could only grow stronger because of the combined synergies of both the companies. 
Sonia: Since this acquisition gives you an entry into the northern Indian markets into the Delhi market, what kind of market share are you hoping to gain there?
A: In terms of market share frankly speaking none of the catchment would have been very significant. But at the same time fact of the matter is that northern markets are much more lucrative. Satyam is amongst the best properties in the multiplex industry and our own average ticket price on a blended basis has witnessed a significant growth because of Satyam ticket prices being almost the highest in the industry so all that is a positive.
INOX Leisure stock price
On November 21, 2014, INOX Leisure closed at Rs 179.95, down Rs 0.1, or 0.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 193.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 81.70.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.96 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 91.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 40.56 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.44.
RELATED NEWS

Gemmia Oiltech board meet on Sept 29Gemmia Oiltech board meet on Sept 29
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
The board of Gemmia Oiltech (India) has said that it has received the latest information memorandum from Naftogaz India Pvt Ltd (NIPL). A two director-member committee has sought time to evaluate the proposal either for merger with NIPL or business transfer agreement through issue of preference shares in lieu of cash.
In an exchange filing, Gemmia Oiltech said its board would meet on September 29 to take a final decision on the issue.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Indigo inks deal with China  will finance 30 planesIndigo inks deal with China bank, will finance 30 planes
CNN-IBN | Sep 18, 2014 at 11:00am
In an interview to CNN-IBN, Indigo President Aditya Ghosh said that they had inked a pact with Chinese bank ICBC for financing 30 planes. 'Anything that enhances safety and security is always welcome,' said Ghosh.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Allahabad HC recommends expulsion of 11 trainee judges over arson in LucknowSep 18, 2014 at 09:37am IST
Allahabad HC recommends expulsion of 11 trainee judges over arson in Lucknow
13
0
Lucknow: The Allahabad High Court on Thursday recommended expulsion of 11 trainee judges. The decision comes after the trainee judges allegedly indulged in arson and misbehaved with a girl in Lucknow.
The alleged incident took place on September 7 at a restaurant in Lucknow. The judges allegedly got involved in a fight after getting drunk.
The Court has sent its recommendation to the Governor.
The Court has sent its recommendation to the Governor.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Filmmakers contribute to the 16th Mumbai Film FestivalFilmmakers contribute to the 16th Mumbai Film Festival
CNN-IBN | Sep 18, 2014 at 09:32am
Filmmakers contribute to the 16th Mumbai Film Festival to be held from October 14 to October 21. The festival this time is running short of 2.25 crore. 'Sustaining this festival is important. It has a very interesting line up with Helen being awarded for her contribution to Indian cinema,' said filmmaker Farhan Aktar.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Live: China-India relationship has global  strategic importance  says Xi Jinping1
2
Today is the second day of Chinese President Xi Jinping's 3-day visit to India. The Chinese President was given a red carpet welcome in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. India and China also signed two key pacts on Wednesday: to set up an industrial park in Ahmedabad and for cultural exchanges between Ahmedabad and the Guangzhou city.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
4:52 pm: Both PM Modi and I have agreed to forge a closer partnership for development: Xi Jinping
4:46 pm: PM Modi has told me that China and India are two bodies and one spirit : Jinping
4:45 pm: True Asian century will come when India and China come together: Xi Jinping
4:45 pm: Under the leadership of PM Narendra Modi, the people of India have more confidence in future: Jinping
4:44 pm: I'm influenced by the huge development, achievements by the Indian people and your enterprising spirit: Chinese President Xi Jinping
2:34 pm: Chinese President: India and China  to act as twin engines to promote growth and prosperity in the region
2:33 pm: Chinese President:  When India and China will speak in one voice, the world will pay attention
2:32 pm: Chinese President: China sincere about resolving border dispute with India. Maintain peace till border issue is resolved. Heard this earlier. Need action
2:31 pm: Chinese President: China is determined to settle the boundary question at an early date
2:31 pm: Chinese President: There have been a few incidents along the Indo-China border due to unclear demarcations. This must be settled soon.
2:30 pm: Chinese President: India-China boundary issue is a problem which has troubled both sides for long
2:30 pm: Chinese President: India-China border question is an issue left over from years
2:29 pm: Chinese President: We expect India to support China's membership in SAARC
2:29 pm: Chinese President: China supports India's full membership in Shanghai Cooperation Organization
2:27 pm: Chinese President: We declare 2015 as Visit India Year and 2016 as Visit China Year
2:27 pm: Chinese President: China will participate in Goa International Film Festival and book fair
2:25 pm: Chinese President: China will continue to take active steps to reduce the trade imbalance & provide more market access to Indian products
2:24 pm: Chinese President: We talked about development in railways, improvement of speed of the trains between Chennai and Mysore
2:24 pm: China President: China will setup industrial park in Gujarat and also in Maharashtra
2:23 pm: Chinese President: We should move towards peaceful, cooperative & inclusive development, important that we strengthen exchanges at all levels
2:23 pm: Chinese President:  We agree that leaders should provide strategic direction to relations through frequent summits. I invite him to China for visit
2:22 pm: Chinese President:  We should strive together for peaceful and inclusive development. I invite PM Modi to China some time early in 2015
2:21 pm: Chinese President: Both PM Modi and I agree that India and China share common development goals and philosophies
2:21 pm: Chinese President:  We hope India heads towards development under PM Modi
2:20 pm: Chinese President : I convey the regards of Chinese people to the people of India. India has attained enourmous achievements in development
2:20 pm: PM Modi: If we are sensitive to our opportunities & challenges, then I am confident we will fulfil our responsibility to make it a great success. We also agreed to cooperate on our many shared interests at the global level. This is a historic opportunity for the relationship between India and China, filled with vast possibilities
2:19 pm: PM: China has committed investments worth $20 billion in India over the next five years
2:18 pm: PM Modi: I conveyed concern over the incidents along the border. The boundary question has to be resolved
2:18 pm: PM Modi : Expressed concern over China's visa policy & trans border rivers, early resolution would enhance mutual trust
2:17 pm: PM Modi: We will build closer cooperation on the shared challenges of terrorism and extremism
2:10 pm: Modi: On behalf of the people of India I thank the President that he has agreed for a new route to Kailash Mansarovar from Nathu La in Sikkim
2:07 pm: PM Modi: I welcome the 5 year economic and trade agreement
2:07 pm: Total 15 agreements signed between India and China
2:07 pm: PM Modi:  I invited investment in infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. I am glad that 2 Chinese industrial parks will be built in India
2:05 pm: PM Modi: We feel we can increase our economic relationship. I urged that our companies get easier market access and investment opportunities in China
2:05 pm: PM Modi: Respect for each other's sensitivities and concerns, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential
2:04 pm: PM Modi: In the last 2 days, we talked about all aspects of India-China relationship
2:03 pm: PM Modi: I am glad that President Xi Jinping has come to India within months of our government taking office
2:03 pm: PM Modi: I give priority to China as we have  historical relationship. We are the  two biggest developing countries with largest population, we need mutual trust and respect for each other's sensitivities. There should be stability on borders. If these do happen we will be able to use our potentials to its best
2:01 pm: PM Modi: China is India's largest neighbour. India and China are world's  two largest developing nations
2:00 pm: PM Modi: I give great importance and priority to India-China relationship
2:00 pm: PM Modi: I am extremely happy to welcome China's President
1:57 pm: Documents on agreements are being exchanged between India and China at the press conference attended by PM Modi and Chinese President
1:56 pm: India and China sign 12 agreements at delegation level meeting. India and China sign MoU on extending cooperation in railways
1

Yen Falls On Fed Rate ForecastsYen Falls On Fed Rate Forecasts
BSE Sensex down over 118 pts on profit-booking  global cuesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty rise most in 4 mths on US Fed booster shot, China ties
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
 

Islamic State cant be defeated by air strikes alone  says IranFMPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:15 am
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) is a dangerous phenomenon, but the terrorist organisation can not be defeated by air strikes alone, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has said.
“It’s a very dangerous phenomenon, and we all need to be aware of how to deal with this issue. It will not be eradicated through aerial bombardment, because we need new tools to deal with these new realities,” Zarif said here at an event organised by the Council on Foreign Relations, a top American think tank.
Zarif said that Iran would not hesitate in providing support to its friends, to deal with this menace. “We believe that we need to deal with this menace. This is not a threat against a singular community, nor a threat against a singular region,” he said.
“It was not confined to Syria, nor will it be confined to Iraq. It’s a global threat. “There are thousands of foreign fighters in Iraq and
Syria. And they come from all over the world. And that is why they have very little mercy for the people they occupy and they rule over,” the top Iranian diplomat said.
The Iranian Foreign Minister was also highly critical of the US-led international coalition against ISIS. “I would call (it) a coalition of repenters, because most participants in that meeting in one form or another provided support to ISIS in the course of its creation and upbringing and expansion, actually at the end of the day, creating a Frankenstein that came to haunt its creators,” he said.
Zarif said Iran has played a central role in dealing with ISIS. “I wouldn’t call it Islamic State, because it’s neither Islamic, as President Obama rightly pointed out, nor a state. It’s a terrorist organisation, a sophisticated terrorist organisation that has come to being because of a number of reasons,” he said.
The challenge of ISIS is certainly one challenge that has arisen, because of this lack of understanding of the new realities in the region, he said.

Spotlight on Adavi and GaviUpdated: September 18, 2014 10:50 IST
Spotlight on Adavi and Gavi
Radhakrishnan Kuttoor
A group of tourists enjoying coracle ride in the Kallar at Adavi, near Konni, on Wednesday.
Steps to include stretch in Tourism Department’s circuit
The State government has taken steps to include Konni in the tourism circuit of the Central Tourism Department by promoting the ecotourism initiatives taken up in the forest reaches of Adavi and Gavi in a big way.
The Departments of Forest and Tourism had started chalking out schemes to explore the tourism potential of Konni, Adavi, and Gavi by including these places in the tourism map of Kerala, said T. Pradeepkumar, Divisional Forest Officer. The departments would be launching attractive travel packages on the Konni-Adavi-Gavi route.
Forest Department sources said that the Central Tourism Department would include four circuits, including the Konni-Adavi-Gavi stretch, from Kerala in the Tourism Circuit. With this, the State would get Central assistance to the tune of Rs.8 crore for tourism development in the region.
Elephant camp
Mr. Pradeepkumar said the Elephant Camp at Konni had been identified as the eco-tourism hub in the region and steps would be taken to provide better amenities there. The park at the camp would be kept open from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. A modern restaurant would be opened jointly by the departments.
He said the Forest Department had given priority to promote ecotourism spots such as Adavi and attracting more tourists to these places.
Coracle ride
The recently introduced coracle ride along the Mundommoozhy-Thannithode stretch of river Kallar at Adavi has been attracting tourists from different parts of the State in a big way.
The Forest Department would be setting up a rehabilitation centre for elephants in 160 hectares of forests on the banks of the Kallar.
Mr. Pradeepkumar said the Rs.350-lakh centre, modelled on the one at Pinnawala in Sri Lanka, would have a 5 km river frontage. The State had already sanctioned Rs.100 lakh for the same.
A herbal garden, bamboo park, arboretum, elephant breeding places in natural settings, honey bee park, and a butterfly park would be the other attractions at the Adavi ecotourism centre.
Familiarising people with the wild through such projects would be of great help in checking anti-forest activities, the DFO said.

Liquidating assets to augment cashflow deficit: Ramky Infra08:00 am
Ramky Infrastructure , which has a debt of Rs 1400 crore, is looking to liquidate asset to augment cashflow deficit, says company executive director M Goutham Reddy. He adds that various SPVs have their own debt, but the sale of these will transfer the debt to the buying company.
As of now, the company has not signed any definitive agreements for the sale of any of its assets. It is looking to monetize three assets. Reddy says a few options have emerged, but nothing has been decided as of now. He believes it’ll take another month for a definite deal to emerge.
Below is the verbatim transcript of M Goutham Reddy's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Can you clarify whether you have found a buyer for any of your assets?
A: No, no such definitive agreements have been signed. However, as I told your news channel and others in the past, we have recognised that there is a cash flow deficit in the company. To augment the cash flow deficit, we are evaluating the option of liquidating some of our assets and once these assets get liquidated, we will be able to balance the cash flow mismatch that is there in the company.
Latha: Has a frontrunner emerged or a short list emerged for any of the assets?
A: Yes, a few options have emerged but nothing has firmed up.
Sonia: Are you in conversation with the Piramal Group for the sale of your assets?
A: I would not be able to disclose that at this point in time. We are discussing with few potential investors.
Latha: By when should we hear a final decision?
A: Hopefully, in about a month we should have some developments.
Sonia: What could the valuation of the assets be and how many - is it the three-road projects that you are looking to sell?
A: We are looking to sell any possible asset that has market value and current year, the three-road assets that we have NAM Expressway, the outer ring road and the Sehore- Koshmi road are potential targets for us.
Latha: Which is the one likely to be sold in that one month that you told us - in one month you said you should be able to announce a deal, which project would that be and how much money will it bring?
A: I don’t have those numbers as yet and we haven’t had any firm data on this.
Latha: Can you at least tell us how much your debt may go down when you sell these three assets? You have Rs 2,700 crore of debt, right?
A: No, we don’t have Rs 2,700 crore of debt. Our debt in the books is about Rs 1,400 crore. There are special purpose vehicles (SPVs) which have their individual debt but the debt will carry forward along with the sale of SPVs so the equity will come to the parent company. The quantum of debt will go down with the quantum of transaction because we have no other requirement for equity.
Sonia: Since you cannot give us any numbers on what the valuations of these assets could be, can you at least confirm or deny whether the three-road assets could be valued at somewhere to the tune of Rs 700-750 crore that reports are talking about?
A: At this juncture, I will not be able to validate that.
Ramky Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, Ramky Infrastructure closed at Rs 53.10, down Rs 1.95, or 3.54 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 93.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 30.15.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 104.01 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.51.
RELATED NEWS

Indosolar enters into solar cell supply contractSep 18, 2014, 10.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indosolar enters into solar cell supply contract
Indosolar Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into solar cell supply contract of 5.50 MW valuing approximately Rs 15.80 crore under Domestic Content Requirement of National Solar Mission with EMMVEE Photovoltaic Power Private Limited, Bengaluru.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indosolar enters into solar cell supply contract
Indosolar Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into solar cell supply contract of 5.50 MW valuing approximately Rs 15.80 crore under Domestic Content Requirement of National Solar Mission with EMMVEE Photovoltaic Power Private Limited, Bengaluru.
Post your opinion here
 
Indosolar Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into solar cell supply contract of 5.50 MW valuing approximately Rs. 15.80 Crores under Domestic Content Requirement of National Solar Mission with EMMVEE Photovoltaic Power Private Limited, Bengaluru.Source : BSE

India  China sign 3 pacts within hours of Xi s arr...India  China sign 3 pacts within hours of Xi s arr...
Sensex trades 200 points higher; Sun Pharma  Hero MotoCorp gainSensex trades 200 points higher; Sun Pharma  Hero MotoCorp gain
Sun Pharma Gains on Merck Licensing PactSun Pharma Gains on Merck Licensing Pact
Australian PM says police raids follow threat of beheadingAustralian PM says police raids follow threat of beheading
NASA spacecraft to begin orbiting Mars within daysNASA spacecraft to begin orbiting Mars within days
Snapdeal in talks to raise more than $600 mn: reportsSnapdeal in talks to raise more than $600 mn: reports
Chinese President receives Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati BhawanChinese President receives Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati Bhawan
Friends Drug  Gangrape Delhi Woman in Moving CarFriends Drug  Gangrape Delhi Woman in Moving Car
New Apple devices include default kill switchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nifty hits 8 050; Sensex up 200 points led by heavyweightsSensex up 300 points; Oil and Pharma shares rally
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 11:10 AM IST
Benchmark indices have trading firm and have gained over 1% each in the late morning trades led by Index heavyweights RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing over 150 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex.
Meanwhile, US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time has boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
By 11.10 AM, the Sensex has gained  309 points to trade at 26,941 mark and the Nifty has surged by 92 points to trade at 8,067 levels.
 
BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and have surged between 1.5-2.5%.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,866 shares advancing and 651 shares declining.
 
Hero Motocorp, Sun Pharma, L&T, SBI and Hindalco have surged between 2-2.5%. However, Infosys, M&M and HUL are the only stocks trading in the negative territory and have lost between 0.5-1.5%.
_________________________________________________________________
(updated at 10.35 AM)
Markets are trading higher for the second consecutive session on fresh buying by fund and retail investors in Healthcare, Oil & gas and Capital goods stocks. Meanwhile, US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time has boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
By 10.35 AM, the Sensex has gained by 222 points to trade at 26,854 mark and the Nifty has surged by 76 points to trade at 8,051 levels.
 
US Federal Reserve Meet:
 
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labour market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
 
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10-billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the programme on course to be shuttered next month.
 
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
 
BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and have surged between 1.5-2%.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,796 shares advancing and 542 shares declining.
 
 Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.08 against the US currency in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
 
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar against other currencies in global market after the US Fed stating it would keep its easy-money policy, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
Index heavyweights RIL, L&T, TCS and HDFC have contributed over 100 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex and are up between 1-2%. However, IT major Infosys, HUL and GAIL are the only stocks which are facing pressure in today’s trade and are trading in the negative territory and have lost between 0.5-2%.
 
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is trading higher by 2% at Rs 809 after the drug maker said it has entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
 
National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) has surged 6% to Rs 642, extending its previous day’s rally on National Stock Exchange (NSE), on back of heavy volumes.
 
8K Miles Software Services has gained 5% to reach Rs 371, extending its previous day’s 8% rally on BSE, after Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought nearly two percentage points stake in the internet software and services provider through open market.
 

Microsoft Corporation boosts dividend 11 pct  adds new directorsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Forget Red Fort  take trip to Chorbazaar or DharaviStartups such as Padhaaro and SeekSherpa offering micro tours, local attractions to tourists
By Vasumita S Adarsh , ET Bureau | 17 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Padhaaro, Tushky.com and SeekSherpa offer micro tours, cuisines and hobby activities for tourists across the country, by crowdsourcing local guides.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PUNE: When Geetika Lal, an architect based in Chennai, travelled to Gurgaon for six months to work on a project for her firm, she wanted some local experience, but had no friends there. One day on Facebook she located SeekSherpa, a travel startup that offers micro tours and local activities across the country. "I reached out asking for a local person. They arranged a local guide, Nikunj, who took me to a small street food corner in Gurgaon, which I would never have found myself," she said. "This time I will be going back to Delhi, and have spoken to them to explore Old Delhi."
With more and more western and Indian travellers seeking local, unique experiences, a number of travel startups such as Padhaaro, Tushky.com, 'Be The Local' and SeekSherpa are cropping up, offering the local flavor of a place beyond standardized tourist itineraries with local people acting as guides.
"Our platform help the traveller experience a local culture at a close range, and also gives an opportunity to local people to package their services to travellers to give them a unique experience," said Dhruv Raj Gupta , 23, cofounder of Delhi-based SeekSherpa.
While national players such as Padhaaro, Tushky.com and SeekSherpa offer micro tours, local attractions, cuisines and hobby activities for tourists across the country, by crowdsourcing local guides, 'Be The Local' offer unique experiences in Mumbai like a tour of the Dharavi slum.
Increasingly travellers are looking to have personal experiences that they can take back with them, said Nandini Hirianniah of The Morpheus, the country's first startup accelerator, which invested Rs 5 lakh in Padhaaro as seed capital.
"Travel as a segment is huge in India, and varied experiences are there to offer to the tourists. There is a definite demand for experiences that touches a traveller personally. The challenge is to build the trust value with the hosts and guests and execute the model well," she said.
Padhaaro, founded by Ish Jindal in 2012, connects travellers to local people who can offer unique experiences to tourists in terms of culture, activities and local attractions. "We are always on a quandary when we visit a new city as to what to do there, which will add to our experience. Our with us help travellers get a local feel of the city beyond standard locations," said Jindal.
He said the total investment in the venture is around .`8 lakh, it has 250 registered greeters and has so far given around 600 tours. "We will be launching a more scalable model in the next three months," he said.
Page 1 of 2

Hotel bookings venture Inasra to raise $15-25 million for boosting growthHotels
(Stayzilla focuses on…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Inasra Technologies , which owns and operates hotel booking website Stayzilla-.com is looking to raise its second round of institutional funding, estimated at between $15 million to $25 million (Rs 92-152 crore), at a time when travel-related ventures have once again caught the attention of risk capital investors.
If successful, the round will follow the yet undisclosed funding raised by the Chennai-based company from Matrix Partners India in October last year. It had also raised seed funding of $5,00,000 from the Indian Angel Network in March 2012. Sources indicated that Stayzilla could dilute 15-20% stake in this round of financing.
Unlike other online travel ventures, such as Nasdaq-listed Make-MyTrip.com and Yatra.com , Stayzilla focuses on room bookings, majority of which come from tier-II and tier-III cities. It competes with ventures such as MyGuestHouse, in which MakeMyTrip has a substantial stake, and IndiaHotelReview.
Stayzilla confirmed that it was in talks with investors to fuel its further expansion. "We don't have an urgency to raise funds. The only thing that is driving interest in raising capital, is that by December, we could be doing 3,000-5,000 room nights a day in a market, where we can target 50,000 nights in two years," said founder and CEO Yogendra Vasupal.
Other co-founders of the venture include Rupal Surana and Sachit Sanghi. Stayzilla claims to have a network of over 16,000 hotels , spread across almost 1,100 towns and cities in India. The company is believed to record about 1,800 bookings per day now, compared with 350 a day in September last year.
Its gross bookings are also growing at 50% on a month-on-month basis, with a run rate of Rs 60 crore and Rs 70 crore. Rising Internet penetration, driven by increasing smartphone user base, is moving all aspects of travel business online. While travel ticketing business has moved online across segments, industry estimates suggest that less than 2% of the accommodation in the value and budget segment is booked online.
This is luring investors back into online travel ventures, which were responsible for kicking off the country's e-commerce boom, after a few lacklustre years due to sluggish macroeconomic conditions and headwinds faced by the country's airline industry.
The last 12 months have seen a slew of transactions among large travel portals as well as smaller players. Yatra-.com raised Rs 140 crore from IDG Ventures India and Vertex in April, MakeMyTrip mopped up Rs 450 crore in primary capital through a follow-on offering in March. WeAreHolidays and Travel Triangle have also attracted venture capital funding from Matrix and SAIF Partners , respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Beijing to make $100-billion investment commitmentArunachal
(The two sides had earlier…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese President Xi Jinping who arrives in India on his maiden visit on Wednesday with $100 billion investment commitments over five years across various sectors will be disappointed that the proposed visa liberalisation agreement is off the agenda. Beijing's intransigence of not following a 'one-India' policy by continuing with stapled visas for Arunachal Pradesh residents is the reason why India has put off signing the agreement.
The two sides had earlier decided to sign the visa agreement to ease travel for tourists, business travelers and professionals from either country during Xi's visit.
However, official sources pointed out that India decided to put off the proposed pact to send out a strong message. By refusing to enter into the visa pact till Beijing stops issuing stapled visas, India was asserting that Beijing's stand on Arunachal was unacceptable.
But this is not the first time that India has refused to sign the proposed visa pact. The Modi government is following the footsteps of the previous dispensation that had refused to sign the agreement during Manmohan Singh's last Beijing trip in October 2013. India was upset that the Chinese embassy in India issued stapled visas to two Arunachal Pradesh athletes days before Singh's visit.
China, however, had hoped that it could clinch the visa liberalisation agreement with a new government in Delhi that was willing to expand bilateral economic and investment links. The new visa pact would have enabled smooth travel of large number of Chinese professionals and entrepreneurs following the agreements to set up two industrial parks and announcements of $100 billion investments during Xi's trip.
The visiting President will offer the amount for setting up of industrial parks, modernisation of railways, highways, ports, power generation, distribution and transmission, automobiles, manufacturing, food processing and textile industries.
Modi will host a dinner for Xi on the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on Wednesday afternoon. Thereafter the two leaders will travel to Delhi for dialogue on Thursday on all substantive issues of interest, including the protracted border issue, transgressions along the Line of Actual Control including recent ones, Tibet issue, Beijing's maritime silk route proposal, Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar corridor, bilateral trade issues, terrorism, global financial issues and regional situation and pressing global issues.
Modi will receive Xi when he arrives at his hotel in Ahmedabad. Xi will be accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, two senior members of the Communist Party of China, the state councilor and ministers of foreign affairs and commerce, besides a huge business delegation.
The two leaders will witness inking of agreements and both will spend some time at the Sabarmati ashram. On Thursday, Xi will be received by President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Among others who would call on Xi would be Congress party president Sonia Gandhi and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China may join hands with India to upgrade rail infrastructureChina
(Cooperation with China…)
NEW DELHI: Cooperation with China in rail sector is expected to figure in talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping amid the new govermnent's thrust on building a network of high speed trains.
There is a possibility of signing of an agreement between the two giant railways during Xi's visit for Chinese investments in Indian railways for its electrification, improvement of tracks to allow high-speed trains and upgrading of stations, railways sources said.
India wants Chinese investments and expertise to upgrade the existing tracks to increase the speed of the trains up to about 160 km.
There are also possibilities of setting up two logistic parks along the track - one near Pune and another near Ahmedabad.
India and China had signed an MoU on technical cooperation in railway Sector on November 26, 2012 for five years.
Under the existing MoU, both the countries are expected to enhance mutual cooperation across various areas of rail technology including high speed rail, heavy haulage and station development.
The two sides, as per the MoU, will undertake exchange of information on policies, training and exchange programmes, site visits and joint symposiums.
The MoU envisages that both sides will work out future cooperation on railways under the Infrastructure Working Group constituted under the India-China Strategic Economic Dialogue.
Before that a MoU was signed between the two railways for cooperation in rail sector on January 18, 2008 in Beijing during the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to China. The MoU signed in 2008 was valid for three years.
Railways has undertaken an exercise for technological upgradation, capacity enhancement and development of world class services.
Chinese railways carry the highest level of freight traffic in the world and also a very high level of passenger traffic. It has undertaken considerable traction, speed raising, modernisation and technolgy upgradation during the last few years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China may commit $6.5 bn for industrial parks during Xi s visitYou are here: Home > Collections
China may commit $6.5 billion for industrial parks during president Xi Jinping's India visit
PTI Sep 16, 2014, 08.25PM IST
Tags:
China
(Besides, about 16 documents…)
NEW DELHI: China is expected to commit investments worth $6.5 billion to set up industrial parks in India and sign purchase agreements of over $3 billion with domestic companies during the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping beginning tomorrow.
Besides, about 16 documents are likely to be signed in areas such as trade and economic development, drug administration and cooperation, an official said.
The Chinese President visit would start his three-day official visit from Ahmedabad tomorrow.
China has proposed to set up an automobile industrial park in Maharashtra and a power transmission park in Gujarat. The Chinese companies are expected to invest about $6.5 billion for development of these parks, the official said.
During the visit, about two dozen Chinese companies are likely to sign purchasing agreements with Indian firms to buy products such as copper cathode, sea food, cotton yarn, industrial salt and polypropylene.
These investments and purchase agreements will help India in narrowing the ballooning trade deficit with China which has reached about $35 billion in 2013-14.
Further in railways sector, the Chinese companies may also ink pacts in development of 650 km rail track for high speed train in Karnataka.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at $65.85 billion in 2013-14. China has invested only $410 million during April 2000 and June 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pop-up ads following you in less than 100 millisecondsconsumer profile
(Welcome to ‘programmatic’,…)
MUMBAI: It follows you in less than 100 milliseconds, it's created via a process that mimics super-fast, automated stock market trading — and this global phenomenon has arrived in India big time.
Welcome to 'programmatic', a trade jargon that means web ads that feed off your consumer profile and follow you as you surf — within 100 milliseconds of your exiting an e-commerce site.
This is how it works as you surf: Say, you are mulling over a pair of pink trousers in an e-commerce site, you don't buy it, but as you exit, following you in seconds is a pop-up ad extolling pink trousers, never mind that you may now be immersed in, say, a philosophy journal's website.
Programmatic buying is huge in the US, a $7.4-billion annual business. In India, it's already worth around Rs 2,000 crore, about two-thirds of the annual Rs 3,500-crore digital advertising spend.
Digital ad spend, trade pundits say, is headed for 30-35% annual growth and programmatic buying will account for a large share. Real-time consumer tracking has already pushed traditional online ad placements to second position in India because it gets more people to buy.
E-com
merce executives say the click rate and conversion rate (proportion of people who buy after clicking on an ad), are roughly 10% and 25%, respectively for programmatic buying. For plain vanilla online ads, the figures are around 1% and 5%. That's a huge difference. Programmatic buying is way more complicated than placing ads on web sites. It involves trading desks and auctions, all happening in super quick time.
The online merchant uses a mapping software to create a profile based on your e-commerce browsing in the site. That profile goes to one of the many Ad Exchanges, technology platforms allowing buying and selling of space online. Google, unsurprisingly, runs the biggest exchange. Many others, including Facebook, operates them too.
Ad exchanges then call for bids from agencies that do programmatic buying. Trading desks in these agencies use an online tool to bid and if successful, buy online space. This tool is fed with the client's product/service profile as well as data on cost effectiveness. Bidding for customer profile and buying of online space are automated, super-quick processes - and it happens 24x7.
Managing Partner, GroupM, Interaction South Asia, Tushar Vyas likens it to stock market trading. GroupM's Xaxis, Omnicom's Accuen and Publicis's Vivaki are the largest agency trading desks in India for programmatic buying. But it's IPG's Cadreon, launched in October 2013, that's the hottest player. Trading desks employ 6-10 people with "a good understanding of technology involved", as CEO, Mediabrands Audience Platform, Amardeep Singh says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cairn discovers 3 more oil wells in RajasthanCairn discovers 3 more oil wells in Rajasthan
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 15:49 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Cairn India  on Wednesday said it has made three new oil discoveries in its Rajasthan block , taking the total number of finds in the prolific block to 36.
The discoveries in the Barmer basin Block RJ-ON-90/1 "further exemplifies the capabilities of Cairn's exploration team operating in this prolific onshore block," the company said in a statement in the national capital.
Exploration well DP-1 has encountered 70 meter gross oil bearing interval in the Barmer Hill formation. The well has been fracced and tested, flowing oil at the rate of 120 barrels per day (bpd).
The DP structure is located 6 km north-west of the producing Mangala field and has an aerial extent of 21 square kilometres.
"This is a significant discovery, in view of its proximity to the Mangala oil field and fast-track appraisal is planned to facilitate rapid commercialisation of this discovery," it said.
Further, Well Aishwariya-46 flowed oil at the rate of 182 bpd in Dharv Dungar formation, making it the 36th discovery in the block.
Exploration well Saraswati SW-1 tested in a Mesozoic sand interval and flowed oil at the rate of 248 bpd.
Cairn said its board of directors have also declared an interim cash dividend of Rs 5 per equity share. The dividend payout, nearly two-thirds of which will flow to its promoter Vedanta Group, will be a total of Rs 1,097 crore, including dividend distribution tax of Rs 159 crore.
Sudhir Mathur, Interim CEO, Cairn India said, "The objective of our dividend policy is to continuously enhance value to our shareholders. In line with this policy, we are delighted to announce an interim dividend of Rs 5 per share."

Rupee jumps 13 paise vs dollar ahead of Fed meetRupee jumps 13 paise vs dollar ahead of US Fed policy meet outcome
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 19:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee appreciated for the second day in a row and ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the Greenback following sustained dollar selling by exporters ahead of a decision on US interest rates by Federal Reserve .
A weak dollar overseas also aided the rupee rise while fresh sell-off by foreign funds in domestic stocks capped the currency's gains, forex dealers said.
Dealers added that they are awaiting the outcome of Federal Open Market Committee two-day policy meet, which began Wednesday. Consensus expectations are that Fed will keep interest rates low for a while.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced strong at 60.95 a dollar from last close of 61.05. It moved in a narrow range between 60.8750 and 61.03 before settling at 60.92, showing a rise of 13 paise or 0.21 per cent. Wednesday, it had gained 8 paise or 0.13 per cent.
For the seventh straight meeting, the Fed later tonight is expected to taper its bond buying program by $10 billion, bringing QE3 down to only $15 billion per month, experts said.
Meanwhile, the Indian equity benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday recovered by 138.78 points, or 0.52 per cent, after two days of heavy fall. FPIs/FIIs withdrew $ 120.70 million Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was trading down by a mere 0.03 per cent against its major global rivals ahead of Fed outcome.
The Bank of England's (BoE) Monetary Policy Committee voted 7-2 at its September meeting to keep rates on hold and its quantitative-easing program unchanged, according to minutes released on Wednesday.

Banks VAT bills set to soar after rulingBanks’ VAT bills set to soar after Europe court ruling
By Vanessa Houlder in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/446b7152-3e86-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

100 days of Modi govt. misrule  says Congress report cardNEW DELHI, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 00:58 IST
100 days of Modi govt. misrule, says Congress report card
Anita Joshua
Business Line Prime Minister Narendra Modi
TOPICS
politics
Modi government faulted not just on performance but also for breaking promises
As the government continued with its series of press conferences to mark the first 100 days in office, the Congress on Wednesday came out with its report card on the Modi dispensation’s “misrule.”
The Congress indictment of the Modi government faulted it not just on performance but also for breaking promises, hoodwinking people, indulging in sectarian politics, and over-centralisation of power in one man.
The 14-page report card — titled “Truth of the BJP government: 100 days of misrule’ — said Narendra Modi assumed the role of a dream merchant and sold false dreams. “It seems that the BJP continues to be in pre-election mode even today. While nothing concrete has been done in the last more than three months, it has done everything to take credit for the job done by the UPA.”
Elaborating, the Congress said: “Be it the inauguration of a railway line to Vaishno Devi, power plant in Ranchi, commissioning of warships in the Navy, satellite launches or Aadhaar-linked opening of bank accounts, the government till now has only inaugurated and cut ribbons of projects of the previous government.”
Among the promises that the Modi government has broken, the Congress flagged spiralling prices and the U-turn on recovering black money. Referring to the spate of ceasefire violations along the India-Pakistan border and intrusions from China over the past three months, the Congress recalled a speech by Mr. Modi in August 2013 where he said: “Bharat ke Videsh Mantri ko China jaakar China ke harkaton ke khilaf awaaz uthani chahiye thi, anken lal karke China ko samjhanaa chahiye tha… (India’s Foreign Minister should have gone to China and raised his voice against Chinese mischief.).”
Besides flagging the “doublespeak” of the Prime Minister on communalism, the Congress questioned the government’s commitment to ensuring security for women. “Even as rape incidents spiralled across the country,” senior BJP leaders came out with “insensitive” statements.
“All trivialised rape and insulted women. The response of Mr. Modi to all this has been a resounding silence,” the report card said while underscoring that the “stature of ministers was reduced to that of ciphers” by Mr. Modi.

I-T to look into credit history  loan repayment pattern of taxpayersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mars Mission: Mangalyaan enters final leg of...READ MORE ON » Mars | mangalyaan | ISRO
A series of tricky manoeuvres will have to fall in place at this stage. Here is what to expect before the touch down next Wednesday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It is a tiny spacecraft by interplanetary standards, but size does not matter in this endeavour. The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is not trying to do exotic scientific experiments on Mars at the moment.
This mission is simply to test the organisation's ability to take something all the way up to Mars, keep it in good health during the journey, and make it go around the planet. Doing experiments while orbiting Mars is useful, but it is not the core part of the mission.
On Monday next week, ISRO will face one of the biggest tests of this complicated project. It will switch on the engine that has been lying dormant for 10 months, and fire it for four seconds to slow down the spacecraft.
If it fires and performs well, ISRO will fire it for a longer duration two days later and ease the spacecraft into an orbit around Mars. If it fails to ignite on September 22, the space organisation will nudge the spacecraft's path towards a Martian orbit by firing eight smaller thrusters on September 24. In either case, barring completely unexpected situations, the Mars orbiter is expected to reach its destination within a week.
Apart from a small glitch a few days after launch, the mission has gone very smoothly. The spacecraft has completed 98 per cent of its journey, and its trajectory is so close to the intended path that ISRO did not have to do a correction exercise planned for last month.
"We have crossed several situations that we have not faced before," says ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan. "We are now preparing for all contingencies on September 24."
The Mars mission, as planned by ISRO, was a sophisticated exercise. Compared to other Mars missions, ISRO had a smaller rocket and payload. This reduced the cost significantly but increased the mission's complexity. Other Mars missions are not planned this way.
The Maven spacecraft of NASA, which will reach Mars a few days before ISRO's orbiter, was on its way to the red planet directly after launch. All it required was a fiveminute push from the powerful upper stage of the rocket, just 27 minutes after lift-off.
ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission, on the other hand, required repeated firings of the satellite thrusters and intricate manoeuvres before it could begin its journey to Mars. The launch was complex too. The PSLV rocket had a long coast of 25 minutes between the third and fourth stage, during which all engines were shut off. Once in orbit around the earth, the satellite had six orbit-raising manoeuvres that together lasted for 25 days before it left the earth's grasp.
All of this required precise calculations that made the mission complicated. The spacecraft is now about 217 million km from the earth. It is going extremely fast, at 22 km per second with respect to the sun.
When it reaches Mars, this translates to a velocity of just over 5 km per second with respect to the planet. At this speed it will shoot past Mars at an angle and move towards the outer reaches of the solar system.
So, it has to be slowed down to a velocity of around 4.3 km per second with respect to Mars. This is done by reorienting the spacecraft and firing an engine the opposite way, just like the reverse thrust to slow down a plane after it lands.
This is the job of the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM). ISRO tested its LAM in the spacecraft during the orbital manoeuvres, and will be tested again on Monday. The LAM had two valves controlled by two separate coils of wire.
It found out that fuel flow to the engine stopped when both coils were fired together, but the engine worked when they were energised alternately. This is not a problem that would hold up the mission.
Page 1 of 2

Delhi s Andhra Bhavan set to get a five-star...Delhi's Andhra Bhavan may soon be developed into a modern convention centre and a five star hotel
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.42AM IST
(The state’s techsavvy…)
NEW DELHI: One of Delhi's favourite gastronomic destinations, Andhra Bhavan — a state guest house more popular for its canteen serving fiery Andhra cuisine — may soon be developed into a modern convention centre and a fivestar hotel or serviced apartment complex. The move follows the bifurcation of the southern state into Seemandhra (Andhra Pradesh) and Telangana earlier this year.
The 20-acre property, just a stroll away from India Gate in the heart of Lutyens Delhi, will now be divided between the two states on a 58:42 ratio, with Andhra Pradesh getting the bigger share. The state's techsavvy chief minister Chandrababu Naidu has already approached the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) with a plan to redevelop his state's portion.
Anoop Kumar Mittal, chairman and managing director of NBCC, told ET that Naidu has laid out the plan for a convention centre for both the state government and the public. "We met him last week," he said. This convention centre will come up alongside the office and residence of the state's resident commissioner that will be built anew. The canteen too will move to a different location within the new complex.According to current discussions, the property could also be leased to a top hotel on a revenueshare basis. Funds generated from this will be utilised to fund the construction of the entire complex, just like NBCC is doing in the case of the redevelopment of the central government housing colony at East Kidwai Nagar in New Delhi.
The convention centre is expected to have a capacity to seat over 2,000 people, as large as the current convention hall at the government owned Ashok Hotel, and several other smaller conference and meeting rooms.
Arja Srikanth, special commissioner at Andhra Bhavan in Delhi, said the state has asked NBCC to prepare a plan.
"We will have to see what all can be developed and they are mapping it out. Preliminary discussions have happened with them," he said. NBCC's Mittal said they will now also try to speak to Telangana state with a similar plan.
The first task, however, is to finalise a formula to split the facilities between the two states as they stand today. While a percentage has been agreed on as part of the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014 it is not as easy as it looks because of buildings and facilities involved. The history of Andhra Bhavan is an interesting one. It originally had about 13 acres of land and was built in 1956. It later got another seven acres in lieu of the Hyderabad House that the state had to give up in the mid-1990s. After Independence, the seventh Nizam of Hyderabad, Osman Ali Khan had given Hyderabad House, his Delhi palace designed by British architect Edwin Lutyens, to Andhra Pradesh.
The central government had leased the stately property in 1954 and after several years of use suggested to the state government that it wanted to acquire it. After many years of back and forth deliberations, the property was finally transferred to the central government and the state government was given about seven acres of land in the adjacent Pataudi House complex.
While late YS Rajasekhara Reddy was the chief minister of the state, a similar plan to redevelop Andhra Bhavan with a commercial angle was mooted in 2005. The plan then was to build a seven-storey institutional tower in place of the existing structure that was to be rented out to various government bodies. At that time, there were no talks about bifurcation of the state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland votes on independence from BritainStay or go? Scotland votes on independence from Britain
By AFP | 18 Sep, 2014, 07.58AM IST
While the outcome looks too close to call, the pro-independence camp has seen support surge in recent weeks as the "No" side's long-term opinion poll lead shrivelled away.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scotland votes Thursday on whether to become independent from Britain in a referendum which has electrified the nation, dominating debate in homes and pubs from Edinburgh to the Highlands.
While the outcome looks too close to call, the pro-independence camp has seen support surge in recent weeks as the "No" side's long-term opinion poll lead shrivelled away.
"This is our opportunity of a lifetime," Scotland's pro-independence First Minister Alex Salmond told a cheering crowd of supporters in Perth, just hours before polls open at 0600 GMT.
"It's the greatest, most empowering moment that any of us will ever have," he said at the final event of the campaign on Wednesday, as supporters waved Scottish flags and chanted "Yes we can!"
British Prime Minister David Cameron has pleaded with Scots to vote in favour of staying in "our home" and has warned that the break-up would be a "painful divorce" full of economic uncertainty.
If Scots vote "Yes", it would end a union dating back to 1707, could force Cameron to resign and might raise serious questions about Britain's status on the international stage.
It is also being closely watched in other parts of the world with strong separatist movements, particularly in the Spanish region of Catalonia where many are now clamouring for a vote.
Britain's closest ally, the United States , wants the United Kingdom to remain "strong, robust, united" while world financial markets have been volatile for days on uncertainty over the outcome.
A record turnout of around 80 percent is expected in the referendum after 97 percent of people eligible to vote registered.
From the windows of people's homes to stands on street corners, lapel badges and even cupcakes, support for the "Yes" campaign has been more visible than for "No" in many parts of Scotland.
As "Yes" supporters gathered in Glasgow's main square Wednesday, 62-year-old Frank Evans said: "I've been ruled by Westminster governments for too long. This is a chance to rule ourselves, for my daughter and my grandson."
But the "No" camp insists that many voters opposed to independence have simply not made their voices heard yet.
"The silent majority will be silent no more," said Britain's former prime minister Gordon Brown in a passionate appeal to a Glasgow rally on the last day of campaigning. "We will not have this."
In the oil city of Aberdeen, "No" campaigner Andy Harrold admitted their side had been slow to get started and had not spent money on "razzmatazz".
"I'm here to save my country," he added. "There have been too many indecisive statements from Salmond, he hasn't come out with anything concrete about what's happening."
With opinion polls suggesting only a few points between the "Yes" and the "No" camps, undecided voters are likely to be crucial.
"I'm going to be reading up on it tonight," Steven Andrew, who was still deciding how to vote, said in Scotland's capital, Edinburgh.
"I'm going to be looking at what side makes the better argument, whether I can believe one side."
Debate in the campaign has focused on the economy, including what currency an independent Scotland would use and whether its North Sea oil wealth would help make it a richer nation.
Questions over whether an independent Scotland could be a member of the European Union and how long this would take to negotiate have also surfaced repeatedly.
Scotland's Parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
Even if there is a "No" vote, Scotland is set to be handed new authority, probably over areas like tax and welfare, which Brown says could amount to effective home rule.
But a detailed timetable for this only emerged late in the campaign after Brown effectively stepped in to take control of the "No" camp as opinion polls started to suggest "Yes" could win.
"The status quo is gone," Cameron said on Monday in his final Scottish speech of the campaign. "There is no going back to the way things were. A vote for 'No' means real change."
Britain's leader, deeply unpopular in Scotland, has faced criticism for not taking the prospect of Scottish independence seriously enough sooner.
He is likely to face pressure from his Conservative party to step down if there is a "Yes" and would come out badly bruised even in case of a narrow "No" victory.
Polling stations close at 2100 GMT. The results of the referendum are likely to emerge in the early hours of Friday.
Whatever the outcome, many commentators have praised the high level of political involvement shown in the campaign.
"It's an event that has energized the interest in Scotland like nothing else in politics," said Magnus Gardham, political editor of the Scottish newspaper The Herald.
"The stakes are extremely high."

Alibaba in funding talks with Snapdeal | Amway  Tupperware seek to halt online salesYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba in funding talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail space
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 07.12AM IST
Tags:
(If Alibaba enters the Indian…)
By: Aditi Shrivastava and Varun Sood
BANGALORE: China's Alibaba has been in talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail industry, according to two people aware of the development. Alibaba, whose mammoth share sale in the US is underway, is considering investment in Snapdeal as one of its options while it sizes up the online consumer market in this country. "India is a huge opportunity for Alibaba," said a person directly aware of the matter.
"Eventually it will look at entering the business-to-consumer space in India and talks are on." The Chinese company, which is expected to be valued at over $165 billion (Rs 10 lakh crore) at the conclusion of its initial public offer, has discussed a possible investment with Snapdeal, though both firms are yet to reach any conclusion, said the person.
So far, Alibaba has only been linking Indian merchants with overseas buyers and sellers. If it enters the Indian online retail space by aligning with Snapdeal, it will be competing directly against market leader Flipkart and Amazon. While the Chinese company would be a late entrant, it has the advantage of size — by sales Alibaba is bigger than Amazon and eBay combined — and cash (it will raise up to $25 billion in the IPO this week).
"We are currently in a quiet period," said Pamela Munoz, manager (international corporate communications) at Alibaba, in reply to an email query on the developments. One source estimated that Snapdeal could raise up to $300 million in a potential round of fund-raising.
So far this year, Delhi-based Snapdeal has raised a total of $233 million in two rounds of investments, which saw participation from eBay and billionaire Azim Premji's family office Premji Invest. The last round in May valued the firm at $1 billion.
Snapdeal, one of India's biggest online marketplaces, is also attracting attention from other Asian conglomerates including Japan's largest ecommerce company Rakuten and communications provider SoftBank, according to sources in the investment banking community.
Snapdeal, in which former Tata Group head Ratan Tata has a personal investment, could well be the vehicle to infuse a predominantly Asian flavour to Indian online retail, expected to be worth Rs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to market rating agency Crisil. Aspokeswoman for Snapdeal declined comment for this report.
However, in an earlier interview with ET, co-founder Kunal Bahl had said that while "lots of external investors are interested in this space, and are very interested in Snapdeal", his company will "decide when is the right time to raise money, from whom, how much and at what value".
Bankers are of the view that Rakuten's aggressive track record of acquisitions this year, including messaging app Viber and rebate site Ebates, purchased last week, makes it a prime contender in the investment sweepstakes for Indian Internet commerce. For Softbank, any potential deal could hinge on approval from local partner Bharti Group.
SoftBank and Rakuten did not reply to emailed queries on the developments.
  In the run-up to its IPO, Alibaba, founded in 1999 by Jack Ma, has taken the fight to Amazon in its home market by launching a portal for US consumers. In India, the battle could only intensify as Alibaba seeks to enter the consumer space, after four years of growing business-to-business commerce.
Amazon, which began its Indian operations by setting up an online marketplace in 2013, is expected to soon enter the online wholesale trade by setting up a portal for business ecommerce.
The entry of global juggernauts is expected to further intensify competition in the Indian online industry, where the home-grown online portals, including Flipkart and Snapdeal, have rapidly increased investments in innovation, technology and advertising in the last year.
Snapdeal, which could be valued at up to $4 billion in its next round of investment according to industry observers, will only gain from this. "Flipkart has already set the industry benchmark at a valuation of $7 billion," said Raja Lahiri, apartner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

INOX board to decide on Satyam Cineplexes mergerINOX board to decide on Satyam Cineplexes merger
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
INOX Leisure in an exchange filing said that its board of directors would meet on September 25 to consider and approve the proposed scheme of amalgamation of Satyam Cineplexes Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company) with itself.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sri Adhikari Brothers appoints new CFOSri Adhikari Brothers appoints new CFO
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sri Adhikari Brothers Television Network has informed the stock exchange that its board of directors had on Tuesday appointed Rakesh Gupta as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the company.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sensex falls on profit-booking  global cuesStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

Samsung to launch phone with in-house OSAt Samsung’s global senior management meetings, about a third of the time is now being spent on the newly formed Media Solutions team.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Content will be the key differentiator for Samsung's future devices, as the Korean major tries to retain its leadership position globally, and in India.
At Samsung's global senior management meetings, about a third of the time is now being spent on the newly formed Media Solutions team, which is expected to launch Samsung's first in-house operating system phone after Diwali , said Tarun Malik, director of media solutions center, South West Asia.
"We started late, but we are very focused. We are not shooting in the wild. This is a game that has to be led by the device manufacturer and not the pipe (telecom operators)," Malik told ET.
The company, which launched the Samsung smart learning digital education store earlier in September, introduced a digital entertainment store, Club Samsung, on Wednesday. "We have a few more (offerings) in the pipeline over the next couple of weeks," Malik said.
According to him, Samsung expects around two million users for its content services in India over the next year. Malik heads a team of 50, one of nine such newly formed teams at Samsung which are focused on writing software and promoting content-based services. "We do both creation and curation of content for a device," he said.
The team is also responsible to promote and spruce up devices that are based on Tizen, an open-source mobile operating system built by Samsung. Tizen-based devices will be introduced in the Indian market in November. "It will coexist with the Android devices," he said.
Malik's team is responsible to increase the functionality of all Samsung devices including smart TVs and smart refrigerators apart from smartphones, a segment in which it currently leads the Indian market but has seen its lead narrow sharply over the last few quarters.
Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Technology, which tracks shipments, said last month that Gurgaon-based Micromax, the seller of Canvas-branded phones, had the largest market share among handset makers in India in the April-June quarter, dethroning Samsung.
IDC and CyberMedia Research said that while the Korean company was still the leader, the gap between the two had narrowed sharply. Samsung had disputed these findings.
Malik said even if some of its content services seem like duplicates of existing ones, the Indian market is large enough for all. "We have just scratched the surface." He gave the example of Samsung's messenger ChatOn. The company is upgrading it in spite of the slew of messengers available in the market.
Samsung's digital entertainment store competes with offerings from telecom operators, such as Vodafone's music store and Airtel's Wynk.
According to Malik, a device maker can deliver such offerings better than the telecom operator, primarily because the manufacturer has greater control over what can be embedded in a device. Malik said in the Indian scenario, apart from some key cities, one cannot bet on streaming content, or content that is downloaded as it is consumed.

Nifty reclaims 8050  Sensex up over 200 pts; top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Nifty reclaims 8050, Sensex rallies over 300 points; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Apollo Tyres
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which plunged over 100 points in trade on Thursday managed to bounce back 438 points from intraday low of 26503.08, led by gains in TCS, ITC , ICICI Bank , RIL and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also posted a smart recovery and the index is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
At 11:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,923.77, up 292 points or 1.1 per cent. It touched a high of 26,941.25 and a low of 26,503.08 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8066, up 91 points or 1.14 per cent. It touched a high of 8070.70 and a low of 7939.70 in early trade.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: Ranbaxy Laboratories today said the US Department of Justice has demanded information relating to the manner in which the company reports pricing data for certain products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 602.80.
Nucleus Software Ltd: The IT major announced a partnership with Japan's WASEDA University to rope in students for providing internship opportunities in its Noida campus.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.5 per cent higher at Rs 246.80.
Reliance Power Ltd: Reliance Power's Rs 12,300 crore deal to acquire hydroelectric assets of the Jaypee Group may take longer than expected as the seller has approached regulatory authorities for a tariff order that will rule out any ambiguity in the valuation of the transaction. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 72.35.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm is on track to launch its full bouquet of fourth generation data and voice services by March 2015, given the increased pace and progress of its network rollouts, Credit Suisse said in a note to clients.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 996.45.
MCX Ltd: Multi Commodity Exchange ( MCX ) has got a three-month conditional extension from the commodity markets regulator, Forward Markets Commission (FMC), to launch contracts till next March, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.9 per cent higher at Rs 835.60.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres today said it will start rolling out products from its 475 million Euro greenfield plant in Hungary by 2017.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 202.90.
L&T Ltd: L&T Metro Rail Hyderabad Ltd , the developer of the 72-km elevated metro rail here, today said it has written a letter to the Telangana government and offered to walk out of the Rs 16,000 crore-plus project as a last resort if issues concerning it are not sorted out.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1542.60.
Ipca Laboratories Ltd: Health Canada has asked Ipca Laboratories to voluntarily stop shipment of products to Canada, based on a review of recent manufacturing practices by the US Food and Drug Administration , said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 percent higher at Rs 790.
Natco Pharma & Orchid Chemicals: Natco Pharma and Orchid Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals have received an adverse observation report, commonly known as Form 483, after inspections conducted in their manufacturing units earlier this year by the US Food and Drug Administration, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; Natco Pharma was trading 1.7 per cent lower at Rs 1501 and Orchid Chemicals was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 75.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex wipes off early losses; realty  healthcare stocks steal the showSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Australian PM orders counter-terrorism ops after news of public killing by IS surfaces inSydneyAustralian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Thursday warned about a possible terrorist strike in Australia. (Source: Express Arvhives)
Reuters | Sydney | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:32 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 10:35 am
Intelligence showed that militants connected with Islamic State were planning to behead a member of the public in Australia, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Thursday after hundreds of police raided homes in a sweeping counter-terrorism operation.
Abbott said there was a “serious risk from a terrorist attack” days after Australia raised its national terror threat level to “high” for the first time. The heightened alert cited the likelihood of attacks by Australians radicalised in Iraq or Syria.
Australia, which is due to host the Group of 20 Leaders Summit in Brisbane in mid-November, is concerned over the number of its citizens it believes are fighting overseas with Islamist militant groups. Treasurer Joe Hockey insisted that the necessary precautions had been put in place for the G20 Leaders Summit. He dismissed concerns the raids could disrupt a meeting of G20 finance ministers this weekend in the tropical northern city of Cairns.
More than 800 police were involved in the pre-dawn security operation in Sydney and Brisbane, described as the largest in Australian history. At least 15 people had been detained, police told a news conference.
Australian Broadcasting Corp. and other local media reported earlier on Thursday that members of the group planned to snatch a random person in Sydney, Australia’s largest city, and execute them on camera draped in the flag of the Islamic State militant organisation.
Asked at a media conference in the Northern Territory about reports of plans to conduct a public beheading, Abbott said: “That’s the intelligence we received.”
“The exhortations, quite direct exhortations, were coming from an Australian who is apparently quite senior in ISIL to networks of support back in Australia to conduct demonstration killings here in this country,” Abbott said, referring to the group otherwise known as Islamic State that has seized large swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq.
He did not identify the Australian. A court official and police said a Sydney man identified as Omarjan Azari, 22, had appeared in court after the raids and been charged with conspiracy to commit a terrorist act and would remain in custody until a hearing in November.
Prosecutor Michael Allnutt told the court in Sydney that an attack was being planned that “was clearly designed to shock and horrify, perhaps terrify” the community, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.
Azari’s lawyer, Steven Boland, did not apply for bail. Boland was not immediately available for comment
POLICE ON THE STREETS
Footage released by Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria in recent weeks purported to show the beheadings of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and British aid worker David Haines.
In 2013, British soldier Lee Rigby was hacked to death by two Muslim converts in London who claimed the attack was in retaliation for the killing of Muslims by continued…

PM Narendra Modi raises issue of incursions with visiting Chinese President XiJinpingPrint
Chinese President Xi Jinping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi upon his arrival at a hotel in Ahmadabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:26 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 10:33 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions with the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping during their meeting last night.
The issue will be further raised by the Indian side on Thursday when the two leaders meet for a summit meeting , MEA spokesperson said.
“The summit meetings are occasion for leaders to raise all substantive issues having bearing on bilateral ties , The Prime Minister took the opportunity to raise the issue last night with the visiting dignitary,” MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
The matter will be further discussed when the leaders hold talks in restricted and delegation level.
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there yesterday, conveyed India’s concern over the Chinese incursions, sources said.
Chinese Army has reportedly made a fresh incursion in Chumar area in Jammu and Kashmir and refused to return. As many as 100 more soldiers of Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) arrived from a hillock of Chumar area and strengthened its numbers to nearly 350.
The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads — Rebos — had pitched their tents is also continuing. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory.

Very bullish on India; Modi govt has renewed optimism: MobiusVery bullish on India; Narendra Modi government has renewed optimism: Mark Mobius
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.48AM IST
("India remains the second-largest…)
NEW DELHI: With the Narendra Modi-led NDA government ensuring renewed optimism, Mark Mobius of Franklin Templeton Investments told ET Now that he is 'very bullish on India.'
Mobius expects to increase allocation to Indian stocks going ahead. "India remains the second-largest holdings in our Asia funds. I will be patient about investments in India," Mobius said.
While Mobius continues to look for bargain stocks in India, he sees a 'lot of opportunities' in small cap stocks. Mobius is bullish on oil & gas stocks as well. "I own a lot of tech stocks in portfolio currently, like TCS," Mobius said. Mobius also remains bullish on banks in India. "Banks will benefit from economic recovery," he feels.
Read full interview: Expect to increase allocation to Indian stocks
According to Mobius, "Growth rates in Emerging Markets are very high, justify valuations."
Mobius is of the opinion global liquidity is driving stock markets up. "Many countries are printing money to avoid currency appreciation," he said.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Emerging markets are considered vulnerable to monetary policy tightening in the US because a stronger dollar is likely to deter FIIs from making fresh investments.
Record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months, the Federal Reserve made clear on Wednesday.
By mid-2015, economists expect the Fed to abandon a nearly 6-year-old policy of keeping short-term rates at record lows. Those rates have helped support the economy, cheered the stock market and shrunk mortgage rates. A Fed rate increase could potentially reverse those trends.
(With inputs from AP)

Devices act like one under iOS 8 | Upgrade o...Devices, apps act like one under Apple's new software iOS 8
By AP | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.04AM IST
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The scores of new features in Apple's software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.
Google's Android software can't compete with iOS' evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables. Apple knows what goes into the few products it makes and can break down the walls between them.
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features. The new software will also come with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come out Friday.
Here's a look at those "unity" features and why iOS 8 is worth installing:
You can start tasks on one device and finish on another
Let's say you're typing an email reply on your iPhone when you realize the message will be quite lengthy. You can pick up your iPad and finish there. With the upcoming Yosemite update for Mac computers, liking coming next month, you'll be able to use the Mac's physical keyboard, too.
Picking up a task on a second device is easy. Just slide up the small app icon on that device's lock screen, be it an iPhone or an iPad. On Macs with Yosemite, click the icon on the bottom left.
For now, this capability is limited to a handful of apps, including Apple's Maps, Calendar, Mail, Messages and the Safari Web browser. And when you try to open a Web page on a second device, you still have to scroll down to where you were. With Maps, on the other hand, it takes me to the location I was viewing on the other device.
This feature, known as Handoff, will be more useful once outside developers take advantage of it. LG and Samsung have offered similar integration of their phones and tablets, but neither does it as extensively.
You'll be able to use your iPad or Mac to send texts or make phone calls
Currently, you can send text-like messages from iPads and Macs with the Messages app, but the recipient also needs Messages. That excludes Android users. With iOS 8, those iPad and Mac messages will get relayed through the iPhone, so you can reach any other phone. The texting capabilities won't be coming until next month, though.
What you can do now is use the iPad and the Mac to make and receive calls. The devices have to be on the same Wi-Fi network, so this won't help if you left your phone at work. But it's useful if the phone is charging in another room. Call quality was about what I'd expect from a speakerphone.
You'll be able to do more without switching from app to app
If a text message comes in as you're browsing the Web, you can pull down the notification and reply right there. You don't need to leave the Web browser and launch Messages first. You can also delete an email or accept a calendar invite that way.
There are some limitations, though: You get only one reply for text messages. You then have to wait for another message to come in or open the full app. With email, you can mark a message as read or delete it, but you can't reply. Like Handoff, this will be more useful once more apps take advantage of it and let you do more.
Meanwhile, if you're chatting with a bunch of friends, you can see their locations (as long as they've shared it) without having to leave Messages to open a separate Find My Friends app.
Members of the same households can share calendars and music more easily
You pick up to five family members to join your network, for a total of six. These need to be people you trust, as they'll be using your credit card to make purchases. You can require approval for purchases, such as for kids' accounts.
Family members will be able to share each other's books, music, video and apps, so Mom, Dad and Junior won't need to buy separate copies of the "Frozen" movie. A family calendar and a shared photo album also get set up. The individual still gets to decide which photos and videos show up there for other family members to see.
And there's more ...
The walls between Apple apps and third-party apps are breaking down. For example, outside developers will be able to use Apple's fingerprint authentication system with iOS 8. Before, it was limited to a few Apple services.
Beyond these "unity" features, owners of the new iPhones will be able to pay for goods simply by holding their device near a credit card terminal at retail stores. All iOS 8 users get quicker ways to type messages and reach favorite and recent contacts.
Although you don't need to rush out to upgrade your devices right away, it'll eventually be worthwhile to do so, especially if you have a recent device or multiple Apple devices. While last year's iOS 7 offered cosmetic changes and new gesture controls, this year's update comes with plenty of new functionality.

Infosys top loser in BSE IT index; TCS  Wipro  HCL Technologies up over 1%You are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Infosys top loser in BSE IT index; TCS, Wipro up over 1%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.33AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(Infosys plunged 2.2 per…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys plunged as much as 2.2 per cent in trade on Thursday and was among the top loser in the BSE IT index which was trading 0.2 per cent higher as compared to 0.8 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex.
Infosys plunged 2.2 per cent in trade on the Bombay Stock Exchange and 2.3 per cent in trade on the National Stock Exchange.
Among the frontline stocks in the BSE IT index such as TCS, Wipro, HCL Technologies were all trading higher by over 1 per cent. While KPIT Cummins in the midcap IT was the top gainer in the BSE IT index, up 3.6 per cent.
At 10:20 a.m.; BSE IT index was trading 0.2 per cent higher at 10,387.77 as compared to 1 per cent rally or over 262 points seen in the BSE Sensex.
Infosys was trading 1.4 per cent lower at Rs 3687, while TCS was up 1.3 per cent, Wipro up 1.1 per cent and HCL Technologies was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 1647.90.
KPIT Cummins was trading 5 per cent higher at Rs 166.20 and OFSS was up 0.7 per cent at Rs 4007.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama and US lawmakers turn up heat on ISObama and US lawmakers turn up heat on IS
AFP
print
Barack Obama and US lawmakers ratcheted up the pressure on the Islamic State Wednesday, with the president declaring there was no hiding place for the jihadists and warning: "Our reach is long."
After Obama spoke at MacDill Air Force Base, the House of Representatives voted 273 to 156 to approve his plan to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels, a key part of his strategy to destroy the IS group.
Obama was keen to project a sternly determined mood at the Florida air base, the headquarters of US Central Command, which oversees military action in the Middle East.
He met military commanders to discuss how to defeat the so-called 'Islamic State' group -- a powerful extremist organisation -- while keeping America out of another protracted conflict in the Middle East.
Obama has consistently said he will not put US 'boots on the ground' despite the IS organisation -- which the US estimates has 20,000 to 31,000 fighters -- grabbing vast areas of Iraq and Syria in a offensive that has seen beheadings and forced religious conversions.
Two American reporters and a Briton were executed on camera by a masked IS militant, provoking revulsion and condemnation.
Obama, who last week vowed to 'degrade and ultimately destroy' the IS group, stood firm on his pledge that a US combat mission was not in the cards -- but insisted the jihadists would be defeated.
"The American forces that have been deployed to Iraq do not and will not have a combat mission," Obama stressed. His comments came after America's top officer General Martin Dempsey suggested military advisors might provide counsel to Iraqi troops in "close combat," sparking hand-wringing in Washington about "mission creep."
"Our reach is long. If you threaten America, you will find no safe haven. We will find you eventually," Obama said. Last week he ordered expanded air strikes against the IS organisation in Iraq and said the US was prepared to launch air raids on the militants in neighboring Syria.
He again emphasised the broad-based nature of the US-led coalition to defeat the jihadists, and noted that Saudi Arabia had agreed to host a US mission for training moderate Syrian rebels.
Some 40 countries are backing the coalition to defeat IS, but there was a prominent dissenting voice in the form of Iran, with President Hassan Rouhani criticising Washington's refusal to send in ground troops.
House backing
In Washington, lawmakers voted to authorize the training and arming of vetted Syrian rebels to combat the Islamist radicals, a move Obama hailed as "an important step forward."
Lawmakers backed the president despite the misgivings of war-weary Democrats that the move could open the door to full-blown American intervention and concern from conservatives that the plan falls short of what is needed.
The measure was included as an amendment to a stop-gap federal spending measure which also easily passed the Republican-dominated House. The overall bill now shifts to the Senate, where leaders are confident it will pass on Thursday and head to the president for his signature.
Expanded air strikes are already turning up the heat on Islamic State fighters, who have declared a "caliphate" straddling Iraq and Syria and claimed leadership of a global anti-Western jihad.
US forces carried out seven air strikes Tuesday and Wednesday in Iraq, Central Command said, using what it called "a mix of fighter, attack and remotely piloted aircraft."
Four of the strikes were southwest of the capital Baghdad, destroying several small IS ground units and a small boat on the Euphrates River that was re-supplying rebel forces in the area.
The US has carried out 174 air strikes in Iraq since early August but the mission has taken US aircraft close to the skies over Baghdad in recent days for the first time.
Meanwhile Western governments are facing an uphill battle trying to squeeze the finances of Islamic State jihadists, as the extremists generate cash from extortion, kidnapping and smuggling of both oil and antiquities in the large area they hold in Syria and Iraq, analysts say.
Fierce fighting
The combination of local forces and US air power appears to be having some success, apparently forcing top IS leaders to cross the border back into Syria, the organisation's main base. Iraqi military and tribal leaders reported several IS targets were hit in an area just south of Baghdad dubbed the "triangle of death," killing at least four militants on Tuesday.
Fierce fighting also broke out in the Jurf al-Sakhr area just a few dozen kilometers from Baghdad, and renewed clashes Wednesday left at least eight soldiers dead, an officer and an army medic said.
Jurf al-Sakhr is key because it sits on the Euphrates between the major Sunni insurgent bastion of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, and the country's most revered Shiite holy sites south of the capital.
A leader from the local Janabi tribe and an army lieutenant said the government counter-offensive was led by the Golden Brigade, which is widely recognized as the best force in the country.
Critics say it may be the only credible fighting force in what is sometimes derided as "a checkpoint army."

UBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive India stocks  stocks gain 1.6%UBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive, stock closes 2.28% higher
Indulal PM        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global financial services firm UBS has upgraded Colgate-Palmolive India to "buy" from "neutral", raising the target price to Rs 1,950 from Rs 1,800.
Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 1.6 per cent in early trade on Thursday. It closed 2.28 per cent higher on the BSE.
UBS said it is "positive about the brand" as urban consumers buy oral care products. It added that Colgate-Palmolive "has been ahead of the competition in the last one to two years."
The recent upgrade of Colgate-Palmolive India comes after Credit Suisse raised its outlook on the stock to "outperform" from "underperform".
(Reuters)

Sensex reverse losses on gains in capital goods stocksStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

Pakistani woman embraced by Islamic State seeks to drop US legalappealPakistan-born neuroscientist Aafia Siddiqui was arrested by US for having alleged links with the Al-Qaeda. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:58 am
A Pakistan-born neuroscientist has become a rallying cry for militant groups demanding her release from a U.S. prison. But in a little-noticed move she is trying to abandon her legal fight for freedom, saying the U.S. court system is unjust.
Islamic militants in Syria, Algeria, Afghanistan and Pakistan have made Aafia Siddiqui’s release a condition for freeing certain foreign hostages. Islamic State, for example, proposed swapping American journalist James Foley for her, but he was executed after their demands, which also included an end to U.S. airstrikes in Iraq, were not met.
A 42-year-old mother of three with degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Brandeis University, Siddiqui is serving an 86-year sentence in a prison medical center in Texas. A jury in 2010 convicted her of attempting to shoot and kill a group of FBI agents, U.S. soldiers and interpreters who were about to interrogate her for alleged links to al Qaeda.
Siddiqui, who during her trial interrupted proceedings repeatedly and at times was removed from the courtroom, wrote U.S. District Judge Richard Berman in Manhattan on July 2 seeking to end her most recent appeal.
“I refuse to participate in this system of total injustice that has punished and tortured me repeatedly, and continues to do so, without my having committed a crime,” she wrote. Siddiqui said she wanted to be sent home to Pakistan through diplomacy, not through the legal system. But her lawyer Robert Boyle told the judge he was concerned she did not fully understand that as a consequence of her request she might not have another opportunity to challenge her conviction.
U.S. prosecutors were scheduled to respond to Siddiqui’s letter with their own letter by late on Wednesday. Siddiqui was likely unaware of the attempt by Islamic State to free her in a prisoner swap for Foley, Boyle told Reuters. Federal Medical Center Carswell severely restricts her contact with the outside world, he said.
Siddiqui already lost one appeal. In 2012, an appeals court rejected arguments that her trial was unfair and upheld her conviction.
Her latest appeal, filed in May, argues that Siddiqui received an unfair trial because she was not allowed to fire defense lawyers who were paid by the Pakistan government, and that U.S. prosecutors failed to turn over important evidence.
WIDESPREAD KIDNAPPINGS
In 2003, Siddiqui was wanted by the FBI for questioning for possible ties to al Qaeda and was detained by Pakistani authorities, according to U.S. media reports at the time. U.S. officials alleged that when the Afghan police captured Siddiqui in July 2008, she was carrying two pounds (900 grams) of sodium cyanide, which releases a highly toxic gas, notes that referred to a mass casualty attack, and a list of U.S. landmarks.
Siddiqui was never charged with links to terrorism. The FBI agents, U.S. soldiers and interpreters said that continued…

Lava Iris Pro 30+ review: Same bottle and wine with a bit of  +2000 mAh
2000 mAh
While few changes like 16 GB internal memory, 13 MP rear camera and dual SIM card slots supporting regular SIM card in one are welcome, what’s frustrating to see is that Lava did not care to provide the latest Android 4.4 KitKat OS despite launching the so-called upgraded Iris Pro 30+ version after six months. I used the Lava Iris Pro 30+ for over three weeks and here’s my take.
Design: The upgraded model looks exactly same as the previously launched Lava Iris Pro 30. However, if you are viewing for the first time, the device will surely impress you.
The unique iPhone-like design should draw appreciation from the mid-range smartphone market. The device is very light and slim.
The matte finish soft plastic back gives a premium feel. The back can be opened to access two SIM card slots (regular + micro) and a microSD card slot, however, the battery cannot be removed.
The 4.7-inch screen makes one-handed operation easy and it easily fits inside trouser pockets. In general, users shouldn’t have any complains with the design.
Display: The upgraded model is using the same display and produces decent results. Indoor visibility is of course good and at 312 ppi, the devices offers an average viewing experience outdoors. However, on bright sunlight, visibility is not good when the screen is kept at medium brightness. The viewing angles and colours are good. The display resolution is pretty sharp thanks to the One Glass Solution.
Performance: The 1.5 GHz quad-core processor does a good job. The device scored 19887 on AnTuTu and ranks close to Google Nexus 4. I did not experience any sort of lags during regular usage. Multimedia performance on the device was good too. I played a HD movie from my pen drive (USB OTG) and scrolled through the time line while running several back ground tasks without any lags. There was no heating issues on regular usage. Overall, smartphone offers a smooth experience and buyers in this price segment shouldn’t face any issues with performance.
Software and UI: The device offers a pure stock Android experience which is good for most smartphone users in this range. Lava has not added any sort of bloatware.
Image at 4X zoom.
Camera: Decent. The camera actually offers up to 18 MP resolutions. The camera produces good images in low lighting conditions as well. However, when images are shot with full zoom, the results are disappointing.
The camera features several modes like HDR, Live Photo (image with sound), multi-angle shot and panaroma.
The camera is a bit slow when it is focusing on a subject. Overall, the performance of the camera is decent.
Storage: The device comes with 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 8 GB is available. The storage can be further expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. This is one area Lava has improved. The previous Iris Pro 30 model offered only 1.5 GB of free internal storage.
Connectivity: No issues with connectivity. The phone supports 3G connectivity along with EDGE, GPRS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, USB OTG Connectivity.
Battery: Surprisingly good. If someone is using a 2G network for regular usage, the device will last for almost 48 hours on medium display brightness. On 3G network, with a full charge, the phone will easily last a full day or even more.
Verdict: Lava Iris Pro 30+ is a good smartphone overall. However, Lava will surely lose mileage for using an older Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean OS. As a lot of competitors are offering a better spec sheet in the price range of Rs. 11,000 to Rs. 13,000, Lava will find it difficult to justify Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean, a 4.7-inch screen and a quad-core processor at a price of Rs. 11,399. However, if you like the phone and not too keen on the spec sheet, go ahead and buy it.

Xi to announce new route for MansarovarNEW DELHI, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 08:19 IST
Xi to announce new route for Mansarovar
Suhasini Haidar
Beijing’s decision to open the new route will particularly help older pilgrims who will be able to drive up to the pilgrimage destinations instead of walking or using mules.
TOPICS
India-China
It will be via Sikkim, rather than Uttarakhand.
Chinese President Xi Jinping will announce the opening of a new and more convenient route for pilgrims to Mansarovar and Mount Kailash via Sikkim, rather than Uttarakhand, in Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his interest in the new route to Mr. Xi during their meeting on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Fortaleza, Brazil, in July.
The new route will now traverse through the city of Shigatse to the pilgrimage spot situated at a height of 19,500 feet, part of the Tibetan Autonomous Region.
The route has a better highway owing to the infrastructure development there.
The decision is a significant gesture for the pilgrims. The annual pilgrimage takes place by an arrangement with the External Affairs Ministry. Tour operators take pilgrims through the Nepal route.
The earlier route through Uttarakhand and the Lipu Lekh pass was damaged in the flash floods last year that brought the number of “official” pilgrims to just 51. Beijing’s decision to open the new route will particularly help older pilgrims who will be able to drive up to the pilgrimage destinations instead of walking or using mules. Shigatse is connected to Lhasa by a high-altitude railway line, which was inaugurated in August.
Though India has been demanding the new route for the past few years, it was discussed only during a meeting of the working group on India-China border affairs in Beijing in April.
The gesture has political significance given China’s sensitivities over Tibet, and denotes a new confidence in opening up parts of the region to people from outside.
An official clarified that the new route would not in any way prejudice either country’s current position on the border dispute.

Live: Chinese President Xi Jinping in IndiaUpdated: September 18, 2014 15:55 IST
Non-demarcation leads to border incidents: Xi
Tweet
PTI India and China sign 12 agreements including cooperation in railways, outer space and culture.
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping along with his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir by Union Minister Smriti Irani after paying homage to the Father of The Nation Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Samadhi, Rajghat, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping paying homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
India and China had decided to mark 2014 as a “year of friendly exchanges”. File Photo
TOPICS
Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents, the Chinese President says.
14.35: PM Modi and President Xi conclude their statements.
14.29: President Xi hopes for India's support in building relations with SAARC countries.
14.28: China is ready for friendly talks to arrive at a peaceful consensus: President Xi
Xi: When India and China speak in one voice, the world will pay attention
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 18, 2014
14.27: Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents: President Xi
14.26: China will train 1500 language teachers. 2015 will be called 'Visit India' year in China, and 2016 will be 'Visit China' in India
14.25: Two countries have proposed cultural exchange programmes that cover culture, education, tourism, films, among others: President Xi
14.24: We had fruitful talks which included all issues of mutual concern, says President Xi Jinping
14.22: We will align our development strategy to strengthen to railway infrastructure in India: President Xi
14.20: President Xi officially invites PM Modi to visit China.
Pres Xi : we agree that leaders shd provide strategic direction to relations through frequent summits. I invite @PMOIndia to China for visit
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 18, 2014
14.16: We (India, China) are emerging markets and should strive to achieve peaceful development: President Xi
14.15: Mr. Modi concludes his statement.
14.14: All issues including economic, political and security discussed over the last two days. We decided to step up engagement in diverse areas: PM Modi
We also agreed to cooperate on our many shared interests at the global level - @PMOIndia
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
14.12: We will build closer cooperation on the shared challenges of terrorism and extremism: PM Modi
14.10: Requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the Line of Actual Control: PM Modi
India and China sign 12 agreements following talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping. The pacts include cooperation in railways, outer space and culture.
14.08: Agreements on 2 Chinese industrial parks & commitment to $20 billion Chinese investments in 5 years signed.
14.07: Modi thanks President Xi for opening new additional route to Kailash Mansarovar.
14.04: Will begin process of discussion on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster broader cooperation on energy security: PM Modi
14.02: Border peace is important: PM Modi
14.01: Pact on making Shanghai and Mumbai twin-cities signed.
14.00: 5-year economic and trade development plan signed
Respect for each other's sensitivities & concerns and, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential - @PMOIndia
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
13.57: Prime Minister Modi's statement underway.
13.55: MoU on peaceful use of outer space signed.
13.54: MoU on cooperation between cultural institutions between the two countries signed.
12.35: Tibetan protesters detained for sloganeering outside Hyderabad House where bilateral talks are underway. Read more
Policemen detain a Tibetan youth activist during a protest near the Taj Hotel where the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping is staying in New Delhi on Thursday. The protest was held against alleged human rights abuses of Tibetans by the Chinese government. Photo: AP
12.17: Meeting between the two leaders underway. PM Narendra Modi is expected to raise the incursion issue with the Chinese President. The leaders are expected to make a joint statement at 12:30 p.m. Read here
Comprehensive discussion. @PMOIndia & Prez Xi discuss all sensitive issues of concern, at length, during talks.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
Following discussions yesterday @PMOIndia & Prez Xi addressing substantive issues in restricted session now. pic.twitter.com/9wGWdfye4J
Read: Tibetans in Delhi want Mr. Modi to speak up for them
11.30: Chinese First Lady interacts with schoolchildren at Tagore International School in Delhi.
11.12: PM Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands at Hyderabad House and proceed for their meeting.
11.08: President Xi Jinping meets PM Narendra Modi at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
President Xi Jinping meeting PM @narendramodi at Rashtrapati Bhavan. @RashtrapatiBhvn pic.twitter.com/lCkYcyCh7q
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 18, 2014
11.05: Minister for External Affairs, Sushma Swaraj took to Twitter to welcome Chinese President Xi.
Ge xia, wo hen huanying nin dao yindu lai - I extend a very warm welcome to you in India - @SushmaSwaraj to Prez Xi. pic.twitter.com/XGGmg1hjCf
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
10.54: Modi raises issue of Chinese incursions with Xi
The Chinese Army has reportedly made a fresh incursion into the Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir and refused to go back. According to Indian Army sources, nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers moved inside the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh region on Thursday. The Indian Army has rushed three battalions to the LAC in the area. This comes a day after a flag meeting between the two countries. Read here | Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory
Video: Issues of substance already raised at highest level with China, says MEA
9.30: The Chinese President pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat
Mr. Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir after their visit to Rajghat. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
Mr. Xi along with his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir after paying homage to the Father of The Nation Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Samdhi,Rajghat, in New Delhi. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
9.00: Guard of honour presented to Xi
President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping inspecting a Guard of Honour, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
Read: India-China pacts likely to bring in $100 billion
Officials confirm that many agreements will be signed in the presence of the two leaders on Thursday dealing with tourism and student exchanges, cultural MoUs between several institutions, including the National Museum, railway infrastructure, banks, and technology assistance on irrigation. Read here
China, India should take strategic ties to higher plane: Xi
Mr. Xi said he had come to India with three goals aimed at strengthening bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies. Read here
8.00: Modi, Xi mix business and leisure
The strong note of symbolism, ceremony and camaraderie between the two leaders set the stage for substantive talks to be held in New Delhi on Thursday. Read here
September 17, 2014: In a first, Mr. Modi received Mr. Xi in Ahmedabad, the commercial capital of Gujarat on Wednesday afternoon. Key aspects of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping watching folk dance in Ahmedabad on September 17. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Editorial: A historic opportunity
President Xi’s visit may provide Narendra Modi a rare chance to seize the moment by stating India’s political intent on solving the border row between the two countries, beginning with measurable steps to clarify the Line of Actual Control, and to root out border incidents. Read here
RELATED NEWS

NCC goes ex-rights today  stock surges 9%Sep 18, 2014, 11.09 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NCC goes ex-rights today, stock surges 9%
NCC issued 29.93 lakh equity shares at Rs 20 apiece (including premium of Rs 18 per share) and allotted in the ratio of seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NCC goes ex-rights today, stock surges 9%
NCC issued 29.93 lakh equity shares at Rs 20 apiece (including premium of Rs 18 per share) and allotted in the ratio of seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  NCC gained more than 9 percent intraday Thursday after the stock adjusted for rights issue. The infrastructure company raised Rs 598.70 crore through this rights issue.
It issued 29.93 lakh equity shares on rights basis at Rs 20 apiece (including premium of Rs 18 per share) and allotted shares in the ratio of seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held.
Meanwhile, Warhol Limited sold 47.14 lakh equity shares of NCC at Rs 70.15 while OHM Equity Solution India bought 14 lakh shares at Rs 71.07 through block deals on Wednesday.
The company had reported a loss of Rs 20.52 crore in the quarter ended June 2014 as against profit of Rs 5.84 crore in the year-ago period. Revenues during the same period increased to 1,808.89 crore from Rs 1,617.4 crore.
At 10:43 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 46.95, up Rs 3.07, or 7 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Quikr raises Rs 360 crore from Tiger GlobalTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Sushma Swaraj meets XiSushma Swaraj meets Xi
Zinc futures soften 0.11 pc on global cuesZinc futures soften 0.11 pc on global cues
Kerry: Fight against IS group not a repeat of Gulf  Iraq warsKerry: Fight against IS group not a repeat of Gulf  Iraq wars
IT small-cap 8K Miles jumps on fund buyingIT small-cap 8K Miles jumps on fund buying
Will raise interest rates after its stimulus programme ends in Oct: US Fed ReserveWill raise interest rates after its stimulus programme ends in Oct: US Fed Reserve
Sensex recovers over 250 points; Nifty reclaims 8 000 markSensex recovers over 250 points; Nifty reclaims 8 000 mark
Galaxy Consolidated Finance: Outcome of board meetingGalaxy Consolidated Finance: Outcome of board meeting
China  India should take strategic partnership to a higher plane: XiChinese President hopes to take strategic ties with India to a 'higher plane'
PTI
President Pranab Mukherjee along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcoming President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Chinese President Xi Jinping today hoped to take the strategic and cooperative partnerhip with India for peace and prosperity to a “higher plane” even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions in Ladakh with the visiting leader.
Xi started the New Delhi leg of his three-day visit to India with a ceremonial reception being accorded to him at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan here this morning, a day after Modi unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol, to set the stage for today’s summit talks.
The summit talks between Modi and Xi on the second day of latter’s visit began in Hyderabad House against the backdrop of Chinese and Indian troops being involved in a face-off along their border in the Ladakh region in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The summit meetings are occasion for leaders to raise all substantive issues having bearing on bilateral ties, The Prime Minister took the opportunity to raise the issue last night with the visiting dignitary,” MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said today responding to a query on the Chinese incursions.
The issue will be further raised by the Indian side today when the two leaders meet for a summit meeting, he said.
Chinese incursions
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there on a three-day visit yesterday, conveyed India’s concern over the Chinese incursions, sources said.
In a brief interaction with reporters at the Rashtrapati Bhavan after being given a ceremonial guard of honour, Xi expressed the hope that China and India will take their strategic and cooperative partnership to a higher plane.
He said he had come to India with three goals which were aimed at strengthening the bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies.
Common development
Xi said the two countries can work with each other on common development for the benefit of people of both the countries.
“Through this visit, I hope to work with Indian leadership to build strong relations between China and India and to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnerhip for peace and prosperity to a higher level.
“We plan to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnership of peace and prosperity to a higher plane,” Xi said.
Before his summit talks, Xi also visited Raj Ghat, the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi, to pay homage to the Father of Nation. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj also called on Xi.
Friendship
The Chinese leader said the first purpose of his visit is to carry forward the friendship between the two countries.
“China and India are both ancient civilisations with thousands of years of friendly interaction with each other. We also admire and respect each others’ civilisation.
“It is important that we translate the friendly contacts and make sure that we will follow what we promise each other,” Xi, who was flanked by President Pranab Mukherjee and Modi, told reporters.
Cooperation
Xi said his second goal is to deepen the cooperation.
“Both China and India are emerging markets. It is important that we increase cooperation so that the people of China and India are benefited from it.“
The two countries, he said, should also focus on core areas.
Development
The visiting President said that his third goal is to pursue development together as both the countries had development as their priority.
”....It is important that we deepen our relationship and develop a close developmental partnership,” he said.
“We are also two important forces in increasingly multi-polar world. Therefore, our relationship has strategic and global significance,” he said.
Receiving the Chinese President, Mukherjee introduced him to the Union Cabinet.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Bajaj s housing finance subsidiarySave this video
Copy URL
Rajeev Jain, CEO, Bajaj Finance said that it is prudent to launch 100% subsidiary to house all home loan products and the housing finance subsidiary will be operational next fiscal.
49

SpiceJet tops flight occupancy figures for the 3rd month in AugSpiceJet tops flight occupancy figures for the third straight month in August
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 01.18AM IST
Tags:
DGCA
(SpiceJet in July posted…)
MUMBAI: Low fare carrier SpiceJet topped flight occupancy figures in the industry for the third straight month in August, although it ceded second position to Jet Airways after ousting it in July.
The carrier managed on average to fill 82.5% of its flights during the month, according to figures from DGCA . In comparison, market leader IndiGo just managed to fill 74.8% of its flights.
SpiceJet has been filling its planes by dint of its repeated offers of rockbottom fares across its network. The airline's rationale as explained recently by its COO Sanjiv Kapoor is that "it's a crime to fly empty seats"
SpiceJet in July posted industry-best load factor figure 79.4% during July. In June too, it had the industry's highest seat occupancy levels at 81.4%.
For the month of August, SpiceJet occupied 19.5% of the market, while Jet Airways together with its subsidiary JetLite regained the number 2 position with a 20.1% market share.
Last month, SpiceJet had become India's number 2 carrier with a 20.9% share while Jet and JetLite were relegated to the number three position a 19.6% share. Since then Jet has been offering aggressive pricing schemes, which experts fear will hamper its margins even as they help fill its planes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Long working hours bad for your heartUpdated: September 16, 2014 20:54 IST
Long working hours bad for your heart
IANS
Reuters Working more than a 40-hour week has been linked to stress, dissatisfaction and compromised health. File photo
TOPICS
The longer the work hours or overtime you put in, the higher your chances of developing coronary heart disease within 10 years, says an alarming study.
Working more than a 40-hour week has already been linked to stress, dissatisfaction and compromised health.
Now, new research on 8,350 Korean adults has found that it may also increase one’s risk of developing coronary heart disease (CHD) or narrowing of the blood vessels that supply blood and oxygen to the heart.
“We found that those working 61 to 70 hours had a 42 per cent increased likelihood of developing coronary heart disease,” said lead researcher Dr. Yun-Chul Hong from the department of preventive medicine at the Seoul National University in South Korea.
“Those working 71 to 80 hours had a 63 per cent increased likelihood while those working more than 80 hours ran a 94 per cent risk,” he added.
Dr. Hong and team found that working hours were significantly related to the risk factors of coronary heart disease such as blood pressure, cholesterol levels, diabetes and smoking habits.
Significantly, the authors also found that those who worked less than 30 hour per week also had higher cholesterol levels.
This means that compared with people who worked 31-40 hours a week, those who worked less than 30 hours a week tended to have a worse health status.
“Regarding this finding, we considered the possibility that selection processes may differentiate those who worked very long hours and reduced hours from the standard full-time workers,” Dr. Hong noted.
We hope that these findings contribute to the proper management of working conditions and enhance quality of healthcare for workers, particularly for those at risk of developing CHD, the researchers concluded.
The paper appeared in the American Journal of Industrial Medicine.

AstraZeneca opens global technology centre in ChennaiUpdated: September 16, 2014 23:22 IST
AstraZeneca opens global technology centre in Chennai
Special Correspondent
IT Enabled Services
IT industry shifting towards insourcing, says AstraZeneca CIO 
The current trend in information technology is shifting towards insourcing from outsourcing, AstraZeneca Chief Information Officer David Smoley said here on Tuesday.
The British-Swedish pharma major is planning to substantially reduce the amount of outsourcing work it gives to third party firms, and has set up its Global Technology Centre (GTC) in Chennai.
At present, the firm outsources 70 per cent of its IT work, and aims to bring it down to 30 per cent in three years.
The company’s global IT budget is roughly $1.3 billion, which it aims to halve in the coming years.
AstraZeneca works with eight vendors, out of those HCL Technologies mainly handles infrastructure, while application development and maintenance is spread between Cognizant, Infosys and Accenture.
“Twenty years ago it would have made sense to outsource work as a process needed 200-300 people. But it is no longer the case with the advent of mobile and cloud technologies,” Mr. Smoley said. “The third parties tend to focus on their own profit margin and not of AstraZeneca. And you end up dealing with too many people and delaying the drug delivery process.”
He noted that companies such as General Motors had started to move their information technology work in-house three years ago.
The Chennai captive unit of AstraZeneca would support its 51,500 employees worldwide.
The GTC here will initially have 60 employees, and it would be increased to about 300 people in first year of operation.
Two other centres will come up in California and Eastern Europe. Some of the work that will be done will include SAP, infrastructure operations (network monitoring), application development and maintenance, and cloud and mobile.
“We want to gain control from an IT operations perspective, which will improve efficiency,” Mr. Somley said.

New aviation policy soon  says MinisterUpdated: September 17, 2014 03:23 IST
New aviation policy soon, says Minister
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju. Photo: P V SIVAKUMAR
Civil Aviation Minister P. Ashok Gajapathi Raju said on Tuesday that a new aviation policy would be brought out soon to develop infrastructure and attract investments.
Speaking to journalists on the sidelines of the 65 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of The Aeronautical Society of India (AeSI), Hyderabad chapter, he warned that there was every chance of some unused airports becoming a liability to the government. “There are 125 airports in the country out of which 75 are in use. There needs to be a strategy regarding the rest of the airports. Otherwise, they will end up as non-performing assets.” He ruled out the possibility of bailing out private airlines that were incurring huge losses.
On the industry’s demand for a reduction in tax on Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF), he said Andhra Pradesh was among the few States that had responded positively to the Union government’s appeal to lower the tax on ATF.
“Along with A.P., Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Punjab also want to reduce the ATF prices. We are pursuing the issue with other States as well. The States that see less aviation activity have responded to our request positively, whereas the States that witness heavy aviation activity are dragging their feet on this,” he remarked.
RELATED NEWS

Fashionara launches e-marketplace  flea bazaarAmazon
(Move aims at expanding portfolio,…)
BANGALORE: Women-focused fashion portal Fashionara has launched 'flea bazaar', an e-marketplace where consumers can buy a host of quirky products from apparel to notepads showcased by local shops and boutique stores. The move, aimed at expanding portfolio, reach and profits, clubs Bangalore-based Fashionara with online retailers Flipkart, Myntra and Jabong.
In an e-marketplace, the company does not stock inventory but links sellers and buyers. Top domestic e-commerce players including Flipkart and Amazon are betting on fashion as their fastest growing category since the margins offered in the business are the highest.
"With our flea marketplace, we want to get the experience of street shopping on Janpath, Delhi, or Linking Road, Mumbai, to come online," said Arun Sirdeshmukh, chief executive of Fashionara, which is backed by Helion Venture Partners and Lightspeed Venture Partners.
The portal, which expects to sign up about 500 vendors this year, will, however, continue to sell popular brands like Biba and Free Culture in an inventory-led model, Fashionara's Sirdeshmukh added. Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak, said, "There is no risk of inventory-related costs. There is more choice for customers and little or no working capital requirement in the marketplace model, which makes it a good opportunity."
In India, the marketplace model gained traction after the world's largest online retailer, Seattlebased Amazon, entered the country last year. While companies including Myntra and Jabong have tweaked their business models from being completely inventory led to a hybrid one, mainly to get access to foreign direct investment (FDI), which is currently not allowed in direct online retail, other retailers including Limeroad launched its business with the marketplace approach.
"Once you buy inventory you will always try to sell what is in your warehouse the longest, instead of showing the newest trends or collections," said Suchi Mukherjee, Founder and CEO, Limeroad, adding that the social platform is on track to reach the Rs 100 crore revenue mark in one year. Mukherjee said that in women's apparel, there are a few recognized brands that have national reach. "To showcase the diversity in a profitable manner, the marketplace model is more feasible than inventory."
Experts, however, say that if not managed well, the marketplace model can confuse shoppers too. "The downside of this (marketplace) is that consumers get very confused when you have hundreds and thousands of merchandise and brands to choose from," Technopak's Singhal said.
Retailers agree. "The concern with marketplace is ensuring that customer experience is not compromised," said Praveen Sinha, managing director of Germany's Rocket Internet-backed Jabong. abong, which generates sales of around $30 million per month, gets more than 35% of its sales from the marketplace.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Some super cool sweat-busters to ward-off post-exercise greaseHere are some super cool sweat-busters to ward-off post-exercise grease
By Lifehacker | 17 Sep, 2014, 10.13AM IST
0
Share More
Had a good work-out? But if sweat bothers you making greasy and uncomfortable, here are few tips that are going to keep you dry and presentable.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Ok, we've all been there. We have a great workout, sweat a bunch, and when the time comes to get back to the office or drive home, we can't stop sweating. So here are three tips that'll keep you dry rather than damp and gross.
1. First up, drink cold water rather than room temperature water. The cold liquid will activate the thermo receptors in your abs and send signals to your brain, telling it your body is cool and doesn't need to produce sweat.
2. Next up, it's time for some AC. Standing in front of an air-conditioner or fan will cause an acceleration of the sweat evaporation. Stand still and let the cool air hit you. You'll be dry in no time.
3. Lastly, skip the hot temperature and go for a cold shower. The cold will cause your core temperature to decrease, and in turn, will make your body stop sweating. Use all three of these tips, and you'll never show up sweaty again.

Broaden the colour spectrum in your closet  blue is the new blackBroaden the colour spectrum, blue is the new black
By Sujata Reddy , ET Bureau | 17 Sep, 2014, 09.52AM IST
0
Share More
As blue suits are outselling black ones, the fashion world has knighted the shade as the new wardrobe staple.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Agreed, a black suit is an irreplaceable piece of clothing in a man's wardrobe. But experts around the world are now predicting that the favourite shade will make way for the shining new star of the season — blue.
There's already a spike in the sale of blue suits in international stores like John Lewis and Marks & Spencer. ETPanache helps you broaden the colour spectrum and indulge in this hue of the season.
Harley Davidson #1 Rs 590 Skull Polo shirt
Price on Request
Panerai Radiomir 8 days GMT Oro Rosso 45mm
Price @ Rs 22,91,000
Selected Homme Zero Logan blazer at Koovs.com
Price @ Rs 7,995
Gucci suit (below): Dylan '60s jacket in wool crepe and sports pants with skinny shirt
Dune Leather Oxfords

Fewer corporate jets in Delhi as lobbying ebbsSharp reduction in private jet flights across India; fewer corporate jets in Delhi as lobbying ebbs
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Corporate India
(It appears that the avowedly…)
NEW DELHI: Call it the backlash against crony capitalism, but it appears that the avowedly business-friendly Narendra Modi government isn't all that keen to offer its hospitality to corporate India .
One sign of this lies in the sharp reduction in private jet flights across the country. India Inc , many august members of which are ardent supporters of the current NDA dispensation, doesn't seem to be making too many trips to New Delhi to pay respects.
Aircraft movements by private jets in June and July, soon after the Modi government was sworn in on May 26, fell more than 7% from the year earlier. General aviation charters are measured in terms of aircraft movements — two of them for every takeoff and landing. During the corresponding months in 2013, such movements jumped 28% and 21%, respectively, from the year earlier. During the same period in 2009, the first two months of the second UPA government, such movements had tellingly shot up 41% in June and 52% in July from the year before.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati's office is typical in this respect. Officials who didn't want to be named said requests for meetings from at least 25 senior members of the corporate world were politely refused for one reason or the other. Various other ministries have similarly declined pleas for appointments, which has led to the drop in private jet operations across the country, officials said.
Before any meeting is granted, officials check the antecedents of the person concerned.
"An appointment is processed only after the person in question is found to be clean," said an aviation ministry official. "We received easily over 100 requests for meetings and about 25 of them were not given time with the minister. We prefer giving appointments to people from the government side over the corporate world." He declined to give the names of those who had been refused appointments.
The Modi government has made a break with tradition. Typically, company bosses and lobbyists make a beeline to meet ministers in any new Cabinet at the Centre. But there seems to be a diktat on keeping such engagements to the minimum and bureaucrats are also toeing the line.
"Not only ministers but secretaries are also not meeting corporate representatives," said a former civil aviation secretary, who did not want to be identified.
That may not necessarily be a good thing, this person said. "They should ideally meet these people as they are the ones who will implement the government's strategy on the ground. Why would a corporate representative travel, if no one in the government agrees to meet him?"
Corporate representatives have cut down on their flying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Price wars among various airlines to hit their financial strengthFrequent flash sales to hit airlines’ financial strength; new carriers to only queer pitch
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
airlines’ financial strength
(The price wars between…)
MUMBAI: The ongoing price wars between airlines have revealed a desperation that's fast blurring the lines in the Indian aviation market — between premium and budget products, local and foreign carriers, domestic and overseas travel, and even the rigidly demarcated, economy and business class.
SpiceJet fired the first salvo this year by offering a 50% discount in January, a 75% cut in February, 30% in March, Rs 1 fares in April and many such discounts — 20 flash sales this year, to be precise. Soon, other budget carriers followed, and sometimes the likes of AirAsia India, which started flying in June, bettered the offers. Air India and Jet Airways too joined with their goodie bags later.
"The price wars and especially the blurring lines between low-cost and full service ensure that new airlines coming in will have little pricing power and limited room to introduce a radically new product into the market," said an airline executive who didn't wish to be named.
Foreign carriers too have joined the war. So, while Singaporean LCCs Tiger Airways and Scoot Airlines this month offered fares of about S$800 (Rs 38,400) for flights to destinations such as Sydney, customers also got base fares as low as Rs 7,700 from premium carriers such as Emirates to destinations like Jeddah. Qatar Airways recently wrote to travel agents offering a 25% discount on tickets.
The idea behind flash sales is to sell seats that would otherwise go empty. Flight seats are perishable: once an aircraft doors are closed for take-off, a seat is lost forever. Also, even in the busiest of travel seasons, 10-20% of flights on an average go empty. Hence, an airline, through a thorough flight-wise study of its entire network, selects flights and empty seats and tries through rock-bottom fares to stimulate demand.
The advantages, according to airlines, are many. A low one-way fare is often clubbed with a higher-thanaverage return fare on the same sector, so the average round yield for that flight is healthy. For instance, data from Makemytrip, India's biggest online ticket seller, shows that while fares on specific days of this year have been much lower than last year, average fares for the month have been higher.
Also low fares are efficient ways of advertising a new route or flight and help a carriers like SpiceJet which has been reworking routes. Monthly government figures show offers help tilt market share in an airline's favour and also to an extent help in bolstering its load factors. the pitfalls are many and the damages far outweigh the advantages.
The fare wars have made India one of the cheapest countries to fly in the world. According to a survey by GoEuro.com, the air travel cost per 100 km in India is $10.86, compared to $56.39 in Japan and $127.07 in Switzerland. The wars are played out in an environment of extremely high cost — aviation fuel is one of the most highly taxed globally.
Also, while fare wars have led to market share shifts, overall travel demand is still sluggish. The latest DGCA figures for domestic air traffic showed that the number of domestic passengers between January and August only rose 5.31% to 43.3 million. The result? Huge losses and depleting margins.
The price war is taking place at a time when no less than six airlines, including the Tata Sons-Singapore Airlines venture Vistara, have been given the preliminary nod to join the Indian aviation market.
While this will lead to more competition and introduce more options for the customer, it will only worsen the problems of oversupply already plaguing the market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Really wanted PM Modi to attend UN climate change summit: MoonBan Ki-Moon
(Ban said Modi will be addressing…)
UNITED NATIONS: UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon today said he "really wanted" Prime Minister Narendra Modi to participate in a crucial climate change summit in New York next week to mobilise political will for a universal and meaningful climate agreement.
Ban said the Indian Prime Minister will be addressing the General Debate of the UN General Assembly on September 27, but will not be participating in the climate change summit on September 23.
"Even though he will not be able to participate in the climate summit meeting per se, I really wanted to have him (Modi) participate in climate change summit meeting," Ban told reporters here during his briefing ahead of the start of the 69th General Assembly session.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Modi will not be attending the Secretary General's climate change summit, which will be attended by about 120 heads of states and government.
Ban said even though the leaders from India and China will not be able to participate in the meeting, there are "other means of communication" and ways of having the heads of states demonstrate their leadership for the summit.
India's Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar is expected to represent the country at the summit, which will focus on mobilising political will for a universal and meaningful climate agreement next year in Paris and second to generate ambitious steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and strengthen resilience.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What PM Narendra Modi can learn from the by-election results(The inability to devolve…)
By Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay
The by-election results are undoubtedly a setback for Prime Minister Narendra Modi . No ruling party has in recent memory faced a reversal of this extent so quickly after government formation. But this verdict also presents him with an opportunity.
While adversaries will focus on the BJP's losses, Modi can also convert this into an opening. Of the 33 assembly seats and three parliamentary constituencies, polls in 24 assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan and in two Lok Sabha seats — Mainpuri in UP and Vadodara in Gujarat — were most keenly tracked.
This was because all seats, save Mainpuri, were held by the BJP. It has been unable to retain its electoral sheen after failing to win all seats. But the verdict has a different meaning in each of these states. It is not a uniform judgement against Modi's government.
In his home state, it is evident that the BJP's dominance in the post-Modi era is not as beefy as it was during the 13 years when his iron fist bamboozled its way through every crisis.
Chief minister Anandiben Patel is not as charismatic as her former boss and failed to motivate a big turnout even in constituencies where she had her way in candidate selection. Unless Modi decides to bat for Patel from Delhi, dissidence is not very far away.
Electoral defeats catalyse dissent and Modi knows this, having used the ploy to his advantage in the past. The losses in Gujarat are despite the inability of the Congress to attempt a comeback. This wouldn't be the case now and the BJP has a challenge on hand.
The biggest story of the day is undoubtedly the rush of defeats in UP. Significant sections of the BJP leadership felt that they had no stake in the by-polls and either neglected to campaign or quietly worked against party candidates.
The Lok Sabha polls in UP were largely won by paradropping Amit Shah and due to the enthusiasm of the rank and file. New strategies are needed for assembly polls since the parliamentary election was presidential in nature.
Modi and his aide-turned-party president do not have a chief ministerial candidate. Modi's 'Your every vote is a vote for me' line will not work always, everywhere. States have local issues and to address them, powerful local leaders are required.
Moreover, the absence of Mayawati in the fray prevented any split in the anti-BJP vote. But more importantly, despite a high level of communal polarisation in UP, there is still a Rubicon that people do not wish to cross.
Modi's silence on vituperative statements by the likes of Yogi Adityanath and Sakshi Maharaj has been interpreted by people as an endorsement and they penalised him and his party. It is up to him to convince the extreme fringe, besides the top brass of the RSS, to avoid unfolding their core agenda at the drop of a hat.
Modi and his associates may like to hold Vasundhara Raje responsible for the defeats in Rajasthan, given the awkward ties in the aftermath of the tussle over cabinet composition. But he has to realise that as far as people outside the party are concerned, he is the Sardar — as linguistically understood, not euphemistically.
If you accept congratulatory messages, one should also be prepared for boos. The inability to devolve power and give others a sense of participation on equal footing is a major flaw in Modi's character. This can potentially floor him and prevent from scaling another peak after the one he ascended on May 16.
Modi needs to understand that strong provincial leaders will strengthen his edifice as they can't challenge him from day one. Tuesday's losses will also force BJP leaders to scale down the party's ambitions when negotiating with the Shiv Sena. They also need to present a face if forming a government in Haryana is an ambition.
In Gujarat, between assembly polls, Modi allowed the politician in him to take the back seat and enabled the administrator in him to deliver another term. He would not be able to do this at the Centre if he allows himself to be saddled with battle fatigue all the time. Restraining the fringe elements will help.
He can then get on with fulfilling promises made that would be more beneficial for Modi and the nation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What it takes to raise a girl athleteDescription Toggle
1 - 5 / 5
Most runners, jumpers and throwers waited to report for their events under the tall, fine-leaved trees outside the stadium. They unfolded, and sat or lay down on used flex banners (what political parties print their candidates’mugshots on very commonly now) to await the call to report. Some walked about licking ice lollies.
Each athlete had been given a booklet of coupons entitling them to packets of food and sealed cups of water. This food was available on the far side of our campsite. There was one garbage can for vast amounts of litter. A thicket of trees to the left of the stadium was a free-to-use, open air loo. Close to the main gate were the stalls that come up outside every interstate track and field meet, of merchants selling sports vests, shorts, running shoes and spikes – export surplus goods that are sold at a discount to athletes, who practically live in these clothes all the year round.
Officials of the Athletics Federation of India announced events and instructions on blaring speakers in Hindi and English repeatedly. One complained that many athletes could not understand his instructions in either language – they had come from as far as Nagaland and Rameshwaram.
We spent three blistering days there. What saved us from hunger and heatstroke was a mushrooming of sugarcane and sweet lime pushcarts manned by a few good people from nearby villages, selling juice for ten rupees a glass.
Preet cleared rounds of Heats and Semi-Finals, and qualified for the Finals. The girl with the best timing had clocked 12.4 seconds, 0.5 seconds ahead of the second fastest runner. It was a timing that no girl who is actually under 14 years can clock, said the officials there, proceeding to disqualify her from the event. There were no medical tests to confirm or deny anyone’s birth certificate-deemed age.
                                                                                                * * *
Children in sports training are unlike others. These can take the pain of swollen ankles, twisted knees, aching backs and shoulders at the end of days that begin at 5am with two hours of training, a mad rush to school, a gym workout straight after school, tuitions and then to bed by 10pm, for barely six hours of rest before another gruelling day. Why do it when you’re just 12 and 13 years old? Such a crucial time for a young girl: puberty and the start of the menstrual cycle, a jump in academic demands too.
“It’s for the medal,” Meghna Devanga’s mother says calmly.“She’s addicted to winning.”
I recognise the look about Pravina Devanga. She’s the lady who’s lugged the knapsack for her daughter, Meghna, a 17-year-old shotput thrower, who holds the national record in her age category. She’s created four national records and has won 12 national Golds. Last year Meghna represented India five times at international meets, winning Golds twice.
To meet Meghna, I take a local train from Andheri northwards to Vasai, in the neighbouring district of Thane. My rickshaw windsits way through busy Vasai station, then out into the countryside. At the end of a quiet, green lane is Vidyavikasini High School and Junior College where, I learn, Meghna began athletic training when she was 9 years old.
Her coach TA Thomas is a lean, fifty-ish man with an easy smile. He is her school PT teacher, an ex-marathon runner for Maharashtra State who has groomed Meghna into an international thrower. He says she has an inborn talent to throw and that she was easy to train. Meghna says little, except to list the dizzying number of athletic events and places she’s competed at (Amritsar, Pune, Ranchi, Lucknow, Itawa, Bhopal, Malaysia, Ukraine, Brazil, China), and the record-breaking distances she’s spanned with an iron ball.
“Have you ever bothered about being more ‘like a girl’?” I ask her, awkwardly and half in jest, as she leans heavily across the table of the school Staffroom her coach has led us into.“Her father insisted she wear a sari to a family wedding once,” her mother mentions from the seat across us. “Her uncle asks when she will ever be like a girl. When we take her to shop for nice clothes, meaning traditional Indian ones, she opts for new jeans and a T-shirt.”
To be ‘like a girl’ is passé for Meghna, who dreams of taking the victory stand at the Olympic Games as India’s national anthem is played for her. “I’m fine as I am,” she shrugs.
She is in fact, fine to behold when she walks into the shotput circle. Right hand weighing the four kilo ball, she bends down. As she rises, she directs the power of her entire lower body into a smooth turning, thrusting motion, propelling the iron put through the air with gravity-defying ease.
I am reminded of Iris Marion Young’s definitive essay, Throwing Like a Girl , where Young writes, “Women tend not to put their whole bodies into engagement in a physical task with the same ease and naturalness as men. For example, in attempting to lift something, women more often than men fail to plant themselves firmly and make their thighs bear the greatest proportion of the weight. Instead we tend to concentrate our effort on those parts of the body most immediately connected to the task – the arms and shoulders – rarely bringing the power of the legs to the task at all.”
Young claims that not only is there a typical style of throwing like a girl, but there is a more or less typical style of running, climbing, swingingand hitting like a girl. The whole body is not put into fluid and directed motion. The woman’s motion tends not to reach, extend, lean, stretch, and follow through in the direction of her intention.
Meghna, like all throwers (of javelin, discus and shotput), jumpers (long and high) and runners, defies the norm. They occupy a less constricted space. They imagine their own bodies as not frail.
Journalist and co-author of Why Loiter?: Women and Risk on Mumbai Streets , Sameera Khan, observes that for a girl in sports, questions like, ‘am I too dark’, ‘flat-chested’ or ‘do I seem too aggressive to boys’, would probably occur less. She occupies her body, honing strength and skill continually. So her identity is tied up with how she achieves her goals through it, rather than how it might appear to others. “These girls are also more matter-of-fact about puberty and the changes it brings,” says Sameera.
Preet, at a recent Eid party, wearing a churidar-kurta, within the first half hour of being there relaxed her long legs into a comfortable sprawl. I had to stop myself from nudging her to ‘sit like a girl’. I had to remind myself that for her, the journey from child to womanhood is via the bypass, to the freeway.
Not all girl athletes are so lucky. At the Inter District meet, I mistook 13-year-old girls from Haryana for boys. Wiry, with crew cut hair, they wore tight, silent expressions. They ran, jumped and threw at the events, but off the field, were grave and shorn of all playfulness. Perhaps they belong to a setting that allowsthemto perform on the sports field alongside boys, but only when closely monitored – by others and eventually, themselves. Perform, but not play.
There are also curbs on how fast a girl may run, before being subjected to gender testing.On June 27 this year, champion sprinter Dutee Chand , a 19-year-old tribal girl from Orissa who holds the Indian 200m sprinting record,was debarred from participating in the Commonwealth Games at Glasgow by the Sports Authority of India (SAI) on the basis of a gender test which deemed that her androgen level was higher than the norm.
“Preliminary investigations indicate that the athlete is not fit for participation in a female event due to female hyperandrogenism,” SAI said in a press release. “The athlete will still be able to compete in the female category in future if she takes proper medical help and lowers her androgen level to the specified range.”
On September 12, it was a huge victory for the Asian Games gold medallist athlete Pinki Pramanik who had been accused of raping another woman. The Calcutta High Court quashed all charges against her. The incident, in 2012, had triggered a debate about whether Pinki had won her medals under unfair conditions. Pinki was arrested, forced to undergo sex verification tests six times without court orders and jailed for 25 days.
Gender testing of elite sportswomen the world over is dogged with controversy. In a 2013 story on Santhi Soundarajan , a runner who was disqualified for ‘failing’ sex-verification tests, Caravan quotedKatrina Karkazis of the Center for Biomedical Ethics, Stanford University, who asked if it was fair to treat abnormally high testosterone differently from other biological traits that may give elite athletes a similar advantage. Caravan went on to quote a US newspaper that said such advantage was “no more than other traits like the cavernous lung capacity of British rower Pete Reed, who can take in nearly twice as much oxygen as Lance Armstrong, and the hyper-flexible joints of American swimmer Michael Phelps.”
The International Olympic Committee’s Rules on Female Hyperandrogenism assert, “In the event that the athlete has been declared ineligible to compete in the female category, the athlete may be eligible to compete as a male athlete, if the athlete qualifies for the male event of the sport.” If Usain Bolt’s traits be revealed to be just outside the range of a human male, will he be disqualified from the men’s event, and it be suggested to him to compete with cheetahs?
Given such uncertainty of circumstance for girl athletes, both Meghna’s mother and coach worry for her future. “I was always a great cricket fan, so I’ve supported her keen involvement in sports,” her mother says. “But it is crucial for her, as a girl, to be financially independent. She needs the promise of a job, based on her sporting performance.”
“Vidyavikasini High School has sponsored her travel and stay for athletic meets so far, but she will graduate from school and turn pro next year,” TA Thomas explains. “If she had a sponsor, she could train with a free mind. Already she needs access to better food…” But she must be eating well enough?” I interrupt, puzzled by what can’t be a real lack in Meghna’s middle-class household.
They explain that at a typical national sports camp, the government spends approximately Rs 700 on an athlete’s daily diet. “Seven eggs, a liter of fresh milk, paneer, chicken, juice, dry fruit, fruit, even bars of chocolate,” Meghna says. Camps are held before major events only. The rest of the year, an unsponsored athlete must raise, then, approximately Rs 20,000 per month to be able to eat well enough to train.
“Meghna needs a proper gymnasium (so far we’ve cobbled together some weights for her) and the assurance of livelihood in the future. A sports sponsorship is crucial. But even newspapers in Mumbai city refuse to publicize her achievements. We’ve applied for a Mahindra Sports scholarship,” Thomas adds hopefully.
* * *
Abraham Maslow’s famous 1943 study, ‘ A Theory of Human Motivation ’, lists a hierarchy of needs that motivate behavior. Basic physiological needs are air, food, sleep, and stimulation. Moving up the hierarchy, there is the need for safety, for love and belonging, self-esteem needs, and eventually ‘self-actualization’ which is about realizing personal potential, and growth.
Most athletes in India grapple with fulfilling the lower tier needs of the hierarchy. The assurance of a livelihood is key to his or her athletic journey. So many hours committed to sports training means sacrificing access to a job that depends on academic degrees. Young male athletes who I’ve met from low-income backgrounds inevitably prepare for police, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Army recruitment fitness tests.
For younger athletes from low income or rural families, the need is even more basic. While senior coaches like Bala Govind speak about the coach-athlete-parent ‘triangle’ as essential to the athlete’s success, Suresh Kakad, government coach at Krida Prabodhini (KP), the Maharashtra government’s sports body, alters the phrase: “It is coach-athlete and facilities that the athlete has access to, that motivate her.”
Once a national 100m runner, long jumper and hurdler, Suresh Kakad (42) has been training young boys and girls from districts like Pune, Latur, Satara and Sangli, for 14 years. His students stay at the sports hostel of the Balewadi stadium, Pune. KP has a presence in 11 districts in Maharashtra.
Young athletes (8 to 14-year-olds) access the Maharashtra government’s sports program in two ways. Either they win a State medal, or pass nine tests of skill and fitness. Parents of rural girls, Kakad explains, try to get their girls into KP equally for access to food as for sports coaching. They hope their daughters might be offered corporate or government jobs in the years to come, if their sporting achievements bring them into the limelight. Until then, they can eat, stay and be schooled at the government sports hostel.
I met a troop of these girls at the State Selections event in Pune, in June. Braided hair and easy smiles, clad in dark blue and red T-shirts, they watched the visiting athletes with curious interest and were surprised that I hadn’t ever heard of Krida Prabodhini, the scholarship that provides for their needs and gives them an identity.
“When rural girls are selected,” Kakad explains, “we check if they have any actual interest in the sport. Often we have to counsel them: you are talented, else you’d be back in your village home like any ordinary girl! We show them the carrot: if you work hard you will win name, fame and get a job. Look at PT Usha, India’s Golden Girl. She too was a rural athlete!”
My secret desire at every Meet has been to run into (no pun intended) the legendary PT Usha.
In the ladies’ washroom of the Maharani College stadium in Kochi, at an inter-state in September 2013, my eyes happen to catch those of a 15-year-old girl in the mirrors by the wash basin. We smile and I notice, printed on the back of her T-shirt, the words Usha School of Athletics. I askif I could meet her coach. In broken English she replies that “Usha-chechi” (big sister in Malayalam) has not come with them. I find out later that she is in Gujarat, getting medical help for a chronic knee injury.
I follow the girl, Shabana, out to where her team sits. Six girls aged between 13 and 18 smile when I introduce myself as a great fan of their coach. They are shy but eager to speak. I am pointing a Handycam as we chat, so they giggle and nudge each other to answer the questions I ask in English. Their eyes are alight with something I’ve rarely seen in girls this age. A feeling which I identify, with some difficulty, as joy... free play. They admit that they’ve all won medals in their races, and are now waiting for Jessy Joseph, the most senior athlete in their group, to run her race.
Jessy stretches like a cat on a yoga mat next to them. She gives me a brief nod, preferring to concentrate on her task. She goes for a jog and does her warm up exercises. Her curly hair is oiled and combed flat into a disciplined ponytail, and her eyes are close-set and intense.
When under-18 girls are called to report for the 800m race, the small frown intensifies between her eyes, becomes etched into her visage as she takes her assigned place on the track. I begin to record her on my camera, knowing instinctively that she’s one to watch out for. Long easy strides carry her around the synthetic track. She takes an easy lead over her competitors and with the Gold, sets a new Meet record.
In June 2014, Jessy won an individual Silver and a relay Gold medal (along with Dutee Chand), at the Asian Junior Athletics Championships in Taipei City.
Back home in Mumbai, I show the race to Preet and senior runners of her group. They silently watch Jessy’s technique, her every muscle, every instinct directed to the win. In her long stride lies the direction of their dreams.
Back in Haridwar, at 2pm on the final day, Preet lies flat in the dust just off the field, trying to recover strength for the final race. She will compete with seven others from a cross section of districts across the country. “This race will be neck-to-neck,” Firoz has said. “Fight!” Her knee is stiff from our train journeys here. She managed to run the Heats and Semis without it buckling on her. But now she’s both tired and worried.
A well-built 16-year-old boy athlete approaches us. He points to Preet’s starting block (the steel bar which gives an athlete a stable start to a race), lying next to me on the concrete stadium stair. He asks in Tamil if he could borrow it for a race. Having spent my childhood in Chennai, I understand his words. Because of her bad knee, she is not using the block, so I say okay, take it.
When her race is announced, Preet warms up and goes to the starting line. To her surprise, another girl, a competitor from the Tamil Nadu team, is fixing that very block in her lane, and practising starts off of it. Preet rushes back to her coach and tells him.
“You can’t use it anyway,” he replies shortly. “Go do your best.”
Preet does her best. She comes fifth, with a timing of 13.8 seconds, losing to the Tamil Nadu girl who’d used her block. Like in all sports stories, whether about girls or boys, life lessons get learnt.
The Tamil Nadu boy returns later with Preet’s block. He is smiling gratefully. Through my disappointment I force a smile.
He asks how Preet has fared. We shake our heads, and as he excitedly tells a teammate that this stranger in faraway Uttarakhand actually understands their language, I pick up the dusty knapsack. I take my tall, tired daughter’s hand and lead her away from the stadium, empty now of all but the medal winners.
There is a word called ‘physis’ I like to keep in my head. It comes from the Greek word for change and growth...for becoming. Perhaps it is why I set an alarm for 4.50am, rinse sleep from my eyes, shake awake my sleepy girl and try to motivate her in whispers, even as she lies in her dark, warm bed, to rise and run again today.
Chatura Rao writes fiction for children and adults. 'Amie and the Chawl of Colour', 'Meanwhile Upriver', 'Growing Up in Pandupur',  'Nabiya', and short stories too, are published by Puffin, Scholastic, Penguin, Young Zubaan and Tulika Books. Her world, like Mumbai city, is always 'under construction'…being adjusted and altered a little each day.
Recommend

Sensex ends higher on IT  power  auto stocks  gainsMarket Update: Sensex closes higher on hopes Fed will retain low rates
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a two-day downtrend, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Wednesday closed over 138 points up on the back of gains in IT, power and auto scrips amid positive global sentiments on hopes the US Federal Reserve would keep interest rates low for now.
The 30-share Sensex closed at 26,631.29 points, up by 138.78 points (or 0.52 per cent) over last close after rising to 26,682.64 intra-day.
In the previous two sessions, the index lost 568.53 points as foreign funds and retail investors pulled off cash off the table on fears the Fed will bring forward its timetable for hiking rates as the economy picks up speed. BSE barometer
The 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty also rose by 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent to 7,975.50, ending two straights days of decline.
Global markets in Asia and Europe also rose on speculation China will give its banks some fresh loans.
"Speculation that Fed would maintain its interest rates low and boost growth for now and that China's central bank will provide the country's big banks with fresh loans, keep markets and commodities markets globally upbeat," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Stocks of IT companies that get more than 60 per cent of their revenue from the US led rebound on the exchanges as buying intensified.
Infosys gaines 2.29 per cent, TCS rose 1.31 per and Wipro was up 1.41 per cent.
Dr Reddy's surged 2.52 per cent, logging the best gains among the 30 Sensex scrips.
Other gainers which supported the 30-share BSE barometer were Tata Power, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Hero MotoCorp, ITC, L&T and RIL.
On the other hand, 10 Sensex stocks ended down led by Cipla and Coal India.
With the improvement in the market's scenario, the mid-cap and small-cap indices also turned active with buying seen in several of its constituents. Mid-cap index was up 0.25 per cent and Smallcap rose 0.31 per cent.
Sectorwise, IT index outshined other sectors. The BSE IT sector index gained the most by rising 1.52 per cent, followed by Power sector index (up 1.35 per cent), Teck index (1.26 per cent), Auto index (1.02 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.81 per cent) and Realty index (0.51 per cent).
FMCG index (0.26 per cent), Healthcare index (0.28 per cent) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 per cent) and Metal index (0.27 per cent) also gained moderately.

Policy rate unlikely to change till fiscal-end: DBSep 17, 2014, 05.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Policy rate unlikely to change till fiscal-end: D&B
"The battle against inflation will continue till supply-side issues are adequately addressed. RBI would thus keep its policy rate unchanged till the end of this fiscal year with a probable action visible only in early next financial year," Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Policy rate unlikely to change till fiscal-end: D&B
"The battle against inflation will continue till supply-side issues are adequately addressed. RBI would thus keep its policy rate unchanged till the end of this fiscal year with a probable action visible only in early next financial year," Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said.
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to keep its policy rates unchanged till the end of this fiscal year and a probable rate action is likely only in the next fiscal, said report. According to Dun & Bradstreet, the moderation in inflation is largely owing to base-effect and supply-side pressures to inflation still remain.
"The battle against inflation will continue till supply-side issues are adequately addressed. RBI would thus keep its policy rate unchanged till the end of this fiscal year with a probable action visible only in early next financial year," Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said. CPI inflation moderated to 7.8 percent year-on-year in August (as against 8.0 percent year-on-year in July). The wholesale inflation also fell to a nearly five year low of 3.74 percent in August.
"On the WPI inflation front, there is a significant base effect at play, resulting in moderation of food prices and it will continue to do so in the forthcoming months as well," Singh noted. D&B expects the CPI (combined) inflation to remain range-bound at 7.6 percent-7.8 percent during September 2014.
On growth, the report said that "tentative" signs of strength are emerging in the country, but a full-fledged cyclical recovery is still some distance away, the report said. The country's GDP expanded at the fastest pace in the first quarter of FY 2015 since Jan-April period of FY 2012, driven by a sharp recovery in industrial growth and gradual improvement in services sector.
"The government has announced several measures to improve the ease of doing business and there has been some progress in clearing and reviving stalled projects. That said, a full-fledged cyclical recovery is still some distance away and the current macro-scenario should be construed with some caution," Singh said.
RELATED NEWS

JLR launches Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 lakhJLR launches locally produced Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 lakh
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 17:57 IST
Jaguar XJ (Photo: www.jaguar.in)
Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) on Tuesday launched locally manufactured Jaguar XJ 2.0L, priced at Rs 93.24 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The petrol powered luxury saloon, which is being made at the company's Pune plant, comes after the successful launch of locally produced diesel-powered Jaguar XJ 3.0L earlier this year.
"We are excited to introduce the locally manufactured Jaguar with a 2.0L petrol engine, a first in its segment, at an attractive price point," JLR India Vice President Rohit Suri said in a statement.
The recently launched XJ 3.0L Diesel received an overwhelming response from customers across India, he added.
"The introduction of the all-new 2.0L petrol engine is keeping in mind our endeavour to broaden the appeal of this fabulous car to customers who are more inclined towards driving a car with a powerful petrol engine at its heart," Suri said.
The car comes with various luxury features including electrically adjustable rear seats with massage function in three intensity settings, increased rear headroom and rear seat entertainment.
 

Fed to keep rates near zero for "considerable time"US Fed renews zero interest rate pledge, restates concern on labor market
By Reuters | 17 Sep, 2014, 11.45PM IST
US Fed keeps interest rates unchanged at 0.25%
US Fed keeps interest rates unchanged at 0.25%
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving economic data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labor market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
"On balance, labor market conditions improved somewhat further; however, the unemployment rate is little changed ...," the FOMC said in its statement.
Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser dissented on Wednesday.
The Fed also released quarterly economic and interest rate projections from its 17 policymakers, extending out to 2017 for the first time.
They suggested a faster pace of rate hikes than envisioned in the last projections in June.
Page 1 of 2

Sundaram BNP Paribas buys 1.75 lakh shares of 8K Miles SoftSep 18, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sundaram BNP Paribas buys 1.75 lakh shares of 8K Miles Soft
Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought 1,75,000 shares of 8K Miles Software Services at Rs 331.95.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sundaram BNP Paribas buys 1.75 lakh shares of 8K Miles Soft
Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought 1,75,000 shares of 8K Miles Software Services at Rs 331.95.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 17, 2014 Aruna Srinivasan Iyer sold 1,46,000 shares of  8K Miles Software Services at Rs 332.46 on the BSE.
However, Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought 1,75,000 shares at Rs 331.95.
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 353.85, up Rs 26.65, or 8.14 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 360 and 52-week low Rs 76.45 on 16 September, 2014 and 30 September, 2013, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.64 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 97.21. The latest book value of the company is Rs 21.98 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 16.1.
 

Warhol sells 47.14 lakh shares of NCCSep 18, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Warhol sells 47.14 lakh shares of NCC
On September 17, 2014 Warhol Limited sold 47,14,332 shares of NCC at Rs 70.15.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Warhol sells 47.14 lakh shares of NCC
On September 17, 2014 Warhol Limited sold 47,14,332 shares of NCC at Rs 70.15.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 17, 2014 OHM Equity Solution India Pvt Ltd bought 13,99,000 shares of  NCC at Rs 71.07 on the NSE.
However, Warhol Limited sold 47,14,332 shares at Rs 70.15.
In the previous trading session, the share closed at Rs 71.75, up Rs 3.80, or 5.59 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 88.90 and 52-week low Rs 18.35 on 20 May, 2014 and 24 September, 2013, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.05 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 68.33. The latest book value of the company is Rs 98.22 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.73. The dividend yield of the company was 0.28 percent
 

LG launches G3 Beat smartphone at Rs 25 000E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Golden Temples inspires US students to organise langarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt lists Manganese Ore  NMDC  RCF for stake saleSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The finance ministry is readying another round of stake sales in state-run firms after securing Cabinet nod for big-ticket issues such as of Coal India and Oil & Natural Gas Corp, which alone will likely help it meet the disinvestment target for this fiscal year.
One of the first companies listed for share sale in the second leg is Manganese Ore India , where the government plans to shed a 10% stake. Others on the list include NMDC, National Aluminium Co, National Buildings Construction Corp, Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers, SJVN and Neyveli Lignite Corp.
The Centre holds 80% or more in these companies and must cut its stake within three years to meet a rule that makes at least 25% public holding compulsory for listed PSUs. Listed private firms already need to meet this condition.
"We will be soon moving for Cabinet approvals in these firms. The idea is we should be able to comply with Sebi norms in some firms by the end of this fiscal year," said a senior government official, requesting anonymity.
There are 38 listed government firms where the public float is less than 25%. "We have time, but it is important to secure approvals so these issues can be planned accordingly," said the official.
According to analysts, the move will give the government enough options to time issues. "If they have those approvals, they can pick and choose companies depending on market conditions," said Jagannadham Thunuguntla, strategist and head of research at SMC Global Securities.
In fact, market conditions already look favourable, with the main stock indexes setting new records multiple times since the new government came to power this May. In the past couple of years, the government couldn't meet its disinvestment targets, mostly because of weak markets that also led to shelving of some planned stake sales.
The government currently holds 80% of Manganese Ore India. It had raised Rs 618 crore from the company's initial public offering in 2010-11. In power producer SJVN, government shareholding stands at 89.97%, of which 25% is with the Himachal Pradesh government.
The Centre had diluted 10% of stake in 2010-11 through an IPO, raising Rs 1,062 crore. Last week, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs cleared proposals to sell stakes in three state-run firms including the bigbang offerings of Coal India and ONGC. The government intends to divest a 10% stake in Coal India and 5% in ONGC.
At current market prices, the government may be able to raise around Rs 40,000 crore through these two issues alone, close to its target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment in state PSUs this fiscal year. The government currently holds a 68.94% stake in ONGC and 89.65% in Coal India. A proposal to sell 11.36% of power sector firm NHPC was also cleared by CCEA.
The first issue will be that of Steel Authority of India, where the plan to sell a 5% stake already has Cabinet approval and is expected to fetch the government around Rs 1,700 crore.

See consolidation in Sept  Oct; like Lupin: Sanju Verma08:00 am
Traditionally, the second half of the year has always been better for the markets than the first half. But this year, Sanju Verma, CEO, Violet Arc Global Managers expects September and October to be months of consolidation for the Indian market. She says the market most likely will continue its upmove from November.
"The litmus test as to how the markets will behave going forward, I think the material impact of all that will happen in the coming two months - earnings season, couple of government issuances, assembly elections - will be felt in November," she told CNBC-TV18.
She says perhaps the government should not be too worried about the bypolls and it should see it as losing a few battles, if it comes to that, to win the war and it has already won the war, considering the NDA won with an absolute majority in the Lok Sabha elections for the first time in three decades. She expects the government to table a few good bills during the winter session, including GST.
Also Read: Fed will end QE next month, 'considerable time' remains
According to Verma, if there is one thing that can derail the equity markets, it is the geopolitical tensions.
She is bullish on  Lupin despite the recent run up in the stock. She believes the stock is still attractive at current levels. However, within the pharma space itself, she does not like  Sun Pharma as the US FDA import alert issue looms over the company. Among cyclicals, she likes the metals' space, especially Tata Steel , and cement. She is bullish on Ambuja Cements .
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sanju Verma's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Do you think the market is shaping up for a near term downturn?
A: I have been reinforcing on your channel time and again that while the second half of the financial year, eight out of 10 times has been far better than the first half, this time around things will be slightly different. September and October will be months of consolidation and as I have always maintained it will be November that will see an up move because in October you have earnings season trickling in, you have a couple of government issuances, you have the assembly elections. So, the litmus test as to how the markets will behave going forward, I think the material impact of all that will happen in the coming two months will be felt in November.
While the bypoll results have been a dampener for the current BJP-led NDA, it is pretty futile to have this baptism by fire every now and then. I think you can lose a couple of battles to win the war and I think the war has been won. This is the only government that has come with a clear majority for the first time in three decades. So, I think that should give us assurance that the winter session should see some interesting bills being tabled, goods and services tax (GST) being top of the mind.
However, that said the market is certainly at cross purposes. It is not so much the US rate hike; we all know that will happen, it is a question of when. I am not even worried about the when because I belong to that camp which believes that it will happen in the second half of next financial year for the simple reason that the labour markets in the US are still looking pretty weak and 6.1 percent is the unemployment rate not because people have found jobs but because people have voluntarily chosen to opt out of the official employment rolls. That being the case, I think the Scottish polls today that is very important. It is not just another event that can be wished away given hostile and tumultuous geopolitical scenario that we are already in.
90 percent of the offshore oil production from European Union (EU) is accounted for by the UK and when you talk of UK 75 percent of the oil that UK generates actually comes from Scotland. Quantifying it in numbers Scotland adds 25 billion pounds which is USD 40 billion to the UK economy. So, how the dollar-pound pair behaves that is also very important, whether it settles in at 1.63 or whether it goes up all the way to 1.7 which is what will spell trouble. These are things that need to be ascertained because there are many moving parts to the equation.
My personal sense is that if there is anything specifically coming to your query if there is one big thing that can actually derail any rally in risk assets that is the geopolitical risk. I was reading a very interesting report by the United Nations which says that 11.7 percent of the world today is at war and it is not just about insurgency in Iraq, Syria, Iran, Middle East but post electoral chaos in most emerging markets including Kenya, Pakistan, Thailand. So, these are things that need to be taken into account. However, our markets being the typical bull that I am I think are still in a sweet spot and 10,000 plus on the Nifty is something that I am still looking forward to as we move into the next financial year.
RELATED NEWS

Hema Malini sparks a controversy  says widows from Bengal  Bihar should not crowd MathuraSep 18, 2014 at  09:20am IST
Hema Malini sparks a controversy, says widows from Bengal, Bihar should not crowd Mathura
25
0
Mathura: Another Bharatiya Janata Party leader, actor-turned-politician Hema Malini, has now stoked a controversy with her statements. The BJP MP from Mathura said that widows from Bengal and Bihar should not crowd the holy city and should stay in their own states instead.
"If they (widows) are not from here then there is no need for them to come here from other states. There are many famous temples in Bengal and Bihar too, so widows who are from Bengal should stay in Bengal and those from Bihar should stay there," the 65-year-old Lok Sabha BJP MP said.
On a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, of which Vrindavan is a part, she said there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan and there was no room to accommodate more. "There are 40,000 widows in Vrindavan. I think there is no more place in the city. A large population is coming from Bengal... that's not right. Why don't they stay in Bengal? There are nice temples there. The same is true for those from Bihar," she said.
#hema malini #bharatiya janata party #bjp #mathura
The responsibility of looking after widows should be of states from where they hail, she said. Malini, who won the Lok Sabha seat from Mathura in the recent elections with a big margin, said she would speak to West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and others on the issue.
(With additional information from PTI)
69

Rupee weakens to 61.10 in early tradeRupee ends marginally higher at 60.85 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Erasing morning losses, the rupee recovered from 61.20 levels to end marginally higher on Thursday at 60.85 against the dollar. The recovery was largely due to heavy capital inflows buoyed by US Federal Reserve’s renewed zero-interest pledge and stronger signs of India’s economic and trade ties with China.
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday retained its guidance that short-term interest rates will remain near zero for a “considerable time” after the bond-buying programme is expected to end next month. The Fed tapered monthly bond buying by $10 billion for the seventh time, staying on course to end the programme in October.
The domestic unit opened weaker at 61.10 as against the previous close of 60.91 due to weaker Asian currencies, which further pushed the rupee lower to 61.20.
Despite weaker Asian currencies, the rupee bounced back on heavy capital inflows and gained to 60.84 towards the end of the trading session.
Investment announcements by China into India boosted market sentiments with BSE-benchmark Sensex ending 480 points (1.8 per cent) higher at 27,112 at day’s close.
Call flat, Bond rates up
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended flat from Wednesday’s close of 7.95 per cent.
The price and yield on the benchmark 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, closed higher at Rs 99.63 as against Wednesday’s close of Rs 99.34. The yield on the bond softened to an 11-month low of 8.45 per cent from 8.49 per cent.
The yield touched its lowest level since 11 October 2013, and is further expected to soften on hopes of continued interest in the Indian markets by foreign investors.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Vascon Engineers appoints Deloitte as statutory auditorsVascon Engineers appoints Deloitte as statutory auditors
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Vascon Engineers in an exchange filing said that its board and audit committee have recommended the appointment of Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP as statutory auditors for five years.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Cambridge Enterprises gets HC nod for mergerCambridge Enterprises gets HC nod for merger
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Cambridge Technology Enterprises has said that it has received the High Court order for the merger of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cambridge Technology India Pvt Ltd, with itself.
Cambridge Enterprises said in an exchange filing that the merger was with effective April 1, 2012, according to the court order.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Surya Marketing board approves stock splitSurya Marketing board approves stock split
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Surya Marketing has said that its board of directors had on Wednesday approved sub-division of one equity share of the company having a face value of Rs 10 each into 10 equity shares with a face value of Rs one each.
This is subject to the consent of the shareholders and the authorities, the company added.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Modi raises incursions issue with Chinese Prez | Xi keen to expand India  China tiesYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi raises issue of incursions with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 10.10AM IST
Tags:
Chinese President
(Modi, who hosted a private…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping today held talks during which the Indian side conveyed its concerns over Chinese incursions as the two sides discussed all "substantive issues" having bearing on bilateral ties.
Modi and Xi held talks in restricted format and then in delegation level during which the two leaders also focused on cooperation in key areas of trade and investment.
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there yesterday, raised the issue of Chinese incursions last night as well as today, official sources said.
The issue assumes significance in the backdrop of incursions by the Chinese side in Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours today.
The Chinese side had pushed in more troops yesterday morning as well, the sources said, adding the number of People's Liberation Army personnel stood at nearly 500 with an equal matcher from the Indian side as well.
Chumar, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with the Chinese side making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area.
The stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads -- Rebos -- had pitched their tents is continuing. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: ReportSep 18, 2014, 10.21 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: Report
Alibaba, whose shares are set to debut on the US market on Friday in what could be the world's largest ever initial public offering, has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, the daily reported.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: Report
Alibaba, whose shares are set to debut on the US market on Friday in what could be the world's largest ever initial public offering, has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, the daily reported.
Post your opinion here
 
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is in talks with online retailer Snapdeal to enter India, the Economic Times reported on Thursday, citing two people aware of the development.
Alibaba, whose shares are set to debut on the US market on Friday in what could be the world's largest ever initial public offering, has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, the daily reported.
Snapdeal, in which Ratan Tata, the former chairman of salt-to-steel Tata conglomerate, holds a stake, is also attracting attention from Japan's largest e-commerce company Rakuten Inc and telecommunications firm SoftBank Corp, the report said, citing investment banking sources.
Snapdeal spokeswoman said the company does not comment on speculation, while Alibaba was not available for immediate comment when reached by Reuters.
Alibaba increased the price range on its initial public offering to USD 66 to USD 68 on Monday, reflecting strong demand from investors for the year's most anticipated debut.
RELATED NEWS

Fresh incursion of Chinese Army in J-K: Narendra Modi issue with Xi JinpingFresh incursion of Chinese Army in J-K: Narendra Modi discusses issue with Xi Jinping
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 13:01  IST
Sep 18 2014, 13:01  IST
 

Sun Pharma jumps 2% post Merck deal  analysts bullishSep 18, 2014, 10.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharma jumps 2% post Merck deal, analysts bullish
Morgan Stanley remains overweight on the stock, though it estimates a USD 400 million sales hurdle rate for Sun to generate meaningful return on investment (ROI) with possible launch by 2017.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sun Pharma jumps 2% post Merck deal, analysts bullish
Morgan Stanley remains overweight on the stock, though it estimates a USD 400 million sales hurdle rate for Sun to generate meaningful return on investment (ROI) with possible launch by 2017.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sun Pharma jumped over 2 percent intraday on Thursday after it entered into a licensing agreement with Merck for investigational therapeutic antibody Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis.
Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to Tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of USD 80 million, the companies said in a joint statement.
Merck is eligible to receive undisclosed payments associated with regulatory (including product approval) and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties ranging from mid-single digit through "teen percentage" rates on sales, the joint statement said.
Macquarie has a 12-month target of Rs 885 per share. It believes that with strong execution, free cash flow generation of USD 900 million  per year and a niche pipeline the drug major will sustain the upper end of its historical premium valuation.
However, it warns that outcome of the ongoing Halol FDA inspection is critical given the high exposure to current US sales from this plant. Drug regulator United States Food and Drug Administration's (USFDA) is probing Sun Pharma's crucial facility in Halol, Gujarat on the quality control.
Morgan Stanley remains overweight on the stock, though it estimates a USD 400 million sales hurdle rate for Sun to generate meaningful return on investment (ROI) with possible launch by 2017.
"Through this deal, Sun has clearly taken on significantly higher financial risks to build future pipeline but at the same time, it has addressed a key investor concern- scaling up its business beyond generics," it says in a report.
According to the brokerage's estimates Sun may end up spending USD 250-300 million on this asset to get it to the market.
At 10:42 hrs Sun Pharmaceutical Industries was quoting at Rs 811.00, up Rs 18.70, or 2.36 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

After 11 days of massive flood  J&K Civil Secretariat reopensSep 18, 2014 at  11:49am IST
After 11 days of massive flood,  J&K Civil Secretariat reopens
26
1
Srinagar: After remaining closed for 11 days due to massive floods, Jammu and Kashmir's Civil Secretariat reopened on Thursday.
However, less than 10 per cent employees reported for work at the scheduled opening time at 9:30 AM, the official in-charge of security at the Secretariat said.
The area around the secretariat including the main entrance is still submerged in nearly one feet of water. The ground floor of the secretariat is not functional due to water logging.
After remaining closed for 11 days due to massive floods, Jammu and Kashmir's Civil Secretariat reopened on Thursday.
#jammu and kashmir floods #civil secretariat #water logging #main entrance
The offices in the upper storeys of the seven-storey building have been opened, the official said.
The state Cabinet, which had met under the chairmanship of Chief Minister Omar Abdullah last week, decided that the government shall start functioning from the Civil Secretariat, Srinagar, from September 18.
Over 200 people have been killed in the devastating floods in the state.
21

Amazon expands Kindle lineup  launches Kindle Voyage; adds touch to basic Kindle  lowers priceSep 18, 2014 at 10:12am IST
Amazon expands Kindle lineup, launches Kindle Voyage; adds touch to basic Kindle, lowers price
22
1
New York: Amazon.com ramped up its push into hardware on Wednesday with the debut of six new or upgraded devices, including a high-end $199 e-reader called the Kindle Voyage and its cheapest-ever touch-screen tablet.
The No. 1 US online retailer also revamped its basic Kindle e-reader to include a touch screen. It will cost $79, about 15 per cent more than the current basic model.
Other new devices unveiled on Wednesday are a $99 Kindle Fire HD tablet, which includes a smaller, six-inch screen as well as a tablet designed for kids that starts at $149. Amazon also upgraded its 7-inch and 8.9 inch Fire tablets.
New Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Tablets are displayed during a launch event in New York September 17, 2014.
#amazon #amazon kindle #kindle fire hd #kindle fire hdx
All the upgraded and new devices start shipping in October.
The expanding Kindle lineup underscores Chief Executive Jeff Bezos' commitment to developing devices as a way to retain users and bolster its core business of retail and shopping.
This year alone, Amazon has launched a set-top box, a grocery ordering wand and a Fire smart phone, which debuted in July to lackluster reviews.
Amazon, which entered the hardware sector with the 2007 launch of the Kindle, has adopted a strategy of selling the devices at cost, and it profits when users buy content or goods.
It has been investing heavily in content, inking a deal this year to stream some HBO shows including The Sopranos and The Wire to members of its Prime subscription program.
"The vast majority of people are still using the tablets," David Limp, vice president of devices for Amazon, said during a briefing with reporters in New York.
Executives touted the Kindle Voyage as the thinnest device Amazon has ever made. The company hopes heavy readers might adopt the device, which more closely mimic a paper book.
The $79 Kindle is crucial to attract new users, particularly in markets like China, Japan and Germany, where e-readers are starting to gain traction, executives said.
3

Sensex jumps 300 points  capital goods stocks gainStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

Protests continue as Jadavpur University students decide to boycottclassStudents of Jadavpur University including others Universities and colleges take part in a rally against alleged molestation of a university girl in Kolkata. (Source: PTI)
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:43 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:14 pm
The Jadavpur University campus continued to simmer on Thursday, a day after a series of protests, as students of all departments decided to boycott classes.
“We have decided not to attend classes till the vice chancellor Abhijit Chakraborty resigns,” said Disha Roychowdhury, one of the protesting students.
Another second year Production Engineering student said that at least the VC should have come up with an apology over the attack on students by police under his instructions.
Members of Students Federation of India (SFI), however, said they were not a part of the class boycott programme. “We have called for a day-long students strike and not class boycott. That is the unanimous decision of the students here,” said Debojyoti Das, state secretary, SFI.
The university authorities, on the other hand, in a bid to pacify the students had instructed the posters which were put up on Wednesday, to be torn off the university walls.
“It had actually backfired. When I went to take off the posters, I had to face the ire of the students. Although I didn’t get beaten up because they knew I was only carrying out instructions, they kept on chanting slogans against the university authorities,” said a member of the Group D staff.
Four Left-backed students have called a statewide students strike on Thursday and members of one of the unions, All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) were seen demonstrating outside the university main gate.
Members of BJP’s Mahila Morcha, the women’s cell of BJP, will be visiting the university and the ailing students at KPC hospital and medical college. Members of different students’ unions would take out a procession from Dhakuria to Jadavpur 8B bus stand later during on Thursday.
The VC has gone on a leave citing health issues.

IITians create solar-powered cold storage with no runningcostPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:30 am
Young IIT engineers have come up with an affordable solution to the wastage of agricultural produce by developing a unique solar-powered cold storage system which works at almost zero running cost.
Developed at the Science and Technology entrepreneurship Park (STEP) of IIT-Kharagpur by mechanical engineering student Vivek Pandey and his team, the micro cold storage system has been successfully tested in a Karnataka farmland.
“It is a first of its kind product developed anywhere in the world as there are no running costs for the farmer and works on clean and sustainable technology for all 12 months. We have even applied for four patents for technologies used in the product,” Pandey said.
Under the banner of Ecofrost Technologies, the young graduates are now ready to move out of the campus and start a manufacturing and assembly unit in Pune next month.
Using a uniquely designed thermal storage methodology that controls compartment cooling in tandem with regular cooling, micro cold storage helps increase the shelf life of agricultural produce using solar panels of 2.5 KW – 3.5 KW.
“The power generated is sent directly on to the compressor which can run at various speeds to adjust itself to the cooling demand. Instead of batteries, the system has a thermal storage unit which can store power for more than 36 hours to provide power in case there is no sun during cloudy or rainy weather,” the young innovator said.
Existing solar-powered units run on batteries which need to be replaced after 2-3 years making the running cost very high for farmers.
It is estimated that every year India loses around 30 per cent of food production due to wastage and contamination.
“We want to provide farm-level solar cold storages in areas that lack access to grid connected electricity. By increasing the shelf life of agriculture produce, it will improve farmers’ livelihood by reducing losses and allowing better price realisation,” Pandey said.
Meant for horticulture produce, the micro cold storage system has a capacity of 5 metric tonnes and a price varying between Rs 5 to 6 lakh.
“We have started getting orders and will start a manufacturing and assembly unit in Pune next month. We have a target to manufacture 20,000 such cold storage units in the next five years,” the IITian said, adding that they are looking to raise around Rs 5 crore from venture capitalists.
Their promising innovation has won the first prize of Rs 10 lakh in the national university competition ‘DuPont: The Power of Shunya’.
Besides selling directly to farmers, they are also trying to create village-level entrepreneurs who will act as nodal points for cold storage in mandis where any farmer can store his produce at a fixed cost.

ISIL must be defeated  says JohnKerryPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:19 am
Asserting that the US has a full-fledged policy against the Islamic State which has seized hundreds of square miles in Iraq and Syria, Secretary of State John Kerry has said that the terrorist group must be defeated.
“ISIL must be defeated, period, end of story. And collectively, we are all going to be measured by how we carry out this mission,” Kerry told lawmakers during a Congressional hearing on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIL.
The hearing was interrupted by anti-war protestors inside the Congressional hearing.
Responding to questions, Kerry said the US cannot achieve this goal alone. “The United States will not go it alone. That has been a fundamental principle in which President (Barack) Obama has sought to organise this effort. And that is why we are building a coalition, a global coalition,” he said.
“There are more than 50 countries that already have agreed or are now doing something. Not every country will decide that their role is to have some kind of military engagement. But every country can do something,” he added.
The globe tottering Kerry said that as he traveled around the region and Europe in the last days, the question that foreign leaders were asking him was not whether they should join the coalition, but how they can help.
“We’re also, and I emphasize this, we’re not starting from scratch. This is an effort that we have been building over time, both on our own and with the help of our international partners,” he said.
“Even before President Obama delivered his speech last week, nearly 40 countries had joined in contributing to the effort to strengthen the capacity of Iraq, to be able to strengthen its military, to train, to provide humanitarian assistance. We’ve been focused on ISIL since its inception as the successor to al-Qaeda of Iraq in 2013,” he said.
“At its core, our strategy is centered on a global coalition that will collaborate closely across a number of specific areas, including direct and indirect military support. Military assistance can come in a range of forms from training and equipping to logistics and airlift, and countries from inside and outside of our region are already, right now, providing that support in these venues,” he said.
Noting that this is neither a Gulf War in 1991, nor the Iraq war of 2003, Kerry said US ground troops will not be sent into combat in this conflict.
“From the last decade, we know that a sustainable strategy is not US ground forces; it is enabling local forces to do what they have continued…
The threat, obviously, right now is more immediate to the Middle East and to Europe, but we have Americans over there fighting with passports.

China  India should take strategic partnership to higher plane: Chinese President XiJinpingPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hand with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping in New Delhi, Thursday, Sept. 18, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:17 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 11:24 am
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday expressed the hope that China and India will take their strategic and cooperative partnership to a higher plane.
He said he had come to India with three goals which were aimed at strengthening the bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies.
“We plan to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnership of peace and prosperity to a higher plane,” Xi said after being accorded a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The Chinese leader, who arrived here last night from Ahmedabad where Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosted a dinner for him, said the first purpose of his visit is to carry forward the friendship between the two countries.
“China and India are both ancient civilisations with thousands of years of friendly interaction with each other. We also admire and respect each others’ civilisation. It is important that we translate the friendly contacts and make sure that we will follow what we promise each other,” Xi, who was flanked by President Pranab Mukherjee and Modi, told reporters.
Xi, who inspected a guard of honour by the three services, said his second goal is to deepen the cooperation. “Both China and India are emerging markets. It is important that we increase cooperation so that the people of China and India are benefited from it”.
The two countries, he said, should also focus on core areas.
The visiting President said that his third goal is to pursue development together as both the countries had development as their priority.
“….It is important that we deepen our relationship and develop a close developmental partnership,” he said.
Describing China and India as the world’s two largest developing countries and emerging markets, he said, “We are also two important forces in increasingly multi-polar world. Therefore, our relationship has strategic and global significance.”
Xi said the two countries can work with each other on common development to benefit the people of the two countries.
“Through this visit, I hope to work with Indian leadership to build strong relations between China and India and to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnerhip for peace and prosperity to a higher level.”
Receiving the Chinese President, Mukherjee introduced him to the Union Cabinet.
Later, Xi visited Rajghat.

How system of cardless withdrawal from ATMs ...Here's how system of cardless withdrawal from ATMs works
Preeti Kulkarni, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 11.33AM IST
(If you are living in a metropolitan…)
MUMBAI: Several banks have started offering cardless withdrawal facilities to their customers. ICICI Bank is the latest to join this bandwagon. Bank of India had launched a similar facility earlier this year.Other players in this space include Axis Bank and IndusInd Bank. Customers of the banks can use the facility to transfer funds even to those who do not have a bank account.
"The sender needs to have an account with us and he can use either internet banking or walk into a branch to send money to a beneficiary's mobile numbers. The beneficiary need not have a bank account," says Rajiv Anand, group executive and head, retail banking, Axis Bank.
For example, if you are living in a metropolitan city and wish to transfer funds to your family member who does not have a bank account, you can make use of this service.
However, the recipient should have a mobile phone connection to complete the transaction. The entire transaction can be completed online, and the process for initiating transfer and withdrawing the amount is similar across the banks.
How does it Work?
To begin with, you must add the name of the recipient to the list of cash withdrawal beneficiaries and provide the mobile number, name and address to the bank.
Once your request to register this recipient is accepted, you can select the recipient and initiate the transfer. You will get a numerical code on your cell phone, which should be shared with the recipient. The system will send an SMS containing another code (onetime password) to the recipient's mobile, too.
The recipient can visit specified ATMs, enter both the codes, mobile number and withdraw the transferred amount.
Remember, any variance in these sensitive details could lead to termination of the transaction -the funds will be credited back to the sender's account. Also, you should make sure that the recipient withdraws the money before the deadline specified (subsequent midnight to 14 days, depending on the bank).
Banks have set a limit of Rs 5,000-10,000 per transaction for the sender using this facility. The monthly cap for each recipient is Rs 25,000.You, as the sender, will have to pay charges of Rs 25 for every money transfer made.
Money transfer apart, you can make use of this facility for other purposes too, particularly when you are travelling. "The facility can be used by the account holder, both for self withdrawal in case of lost card, or for remittance to any beneficiary who may not be an account holder," says Ritesh Raj Saxena, EVP and head, direct banking and savings, IndusInd Bank. That is, if you add yourself as a beneficiary, you can use your mobile to initiate the transfer and withdraw money from the bank's designated ATM. The assumption here is that your mobile phone, with Internet access, is secure in your pocket. Ascertain the Reach
While the facility seems attractive and comes at very little cost, the only hitch is the limited reach -some banks allow cashless withdrawals at select ATMs, while others have a smaller network of ATMs. You need to enquire whether the facility is enabled only at selected ATMs -if the recipient does not live close to such an ATM, travelling to the location could be a hassle. In contrast, non-banking mobile payment entities have a wider network--of distributors and franchisees--though the charges could be higher depending on the issuer and amount transferred.
"However, mobile-enabled money transfers require bank accounts or wallets at both ends and do not facilitate instant cash out," says Anand. Lastly, you should be careful while sharing the code sent to you. Advise the recipient to carry out the transaction herself.Sharing the code with the security guards or others in the ATM can compromise the transaction.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty reclaims 8050  Sensex rallies over 300 pts; 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Nifty reclaims 8050, Sensex rallies over 300 points; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Apollo Tyres
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which plunged over 100 points in trade on Thursday managed to bounce back 438 points from intraday low of 26503.08, led by gains in TCS, ITC , ICICI Bank , RIL and L&T.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also posted a smart recovery and the index is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
At 11:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,923.77, up 292 points or 1.1 per cent. It touched a high of 26,941.25 and a low of 26,503.08 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8066, up 91 points or 1.14 per cent. It touched a high of 8070.70 and a low of 7939.70 in early trade.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: Ranbaxy Laboratories today said the US Department of Justice has demanded information relating to the manner in which the company reports pricing data for certain products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 602.80.
Nucleus Software Ltd: The IT major announced a partnership with Japan's WASEDA University to rope in students for providing internship opportunities in its Noida campus.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.5 per cent higher at Rs 246.80.
Reliance Power Ltd: Reliance Power's Rs 12,300 crore deal to acquire hydroelectric assets of the Jaypee Group may take longer than expected as the seller has approached regulatory authorities for a tariff order that will rule out any ambiguity in the valuation of the transaction. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 72.35.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm is on track to launch its full bouquet of fourth generation data and voice services by March 2015, given the increased pace and progress of its network rollouts, Credit Suisse said in a note to clients.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 996.45.
MCX Ltd: Multi Commodity Exchange ( MCX ) has got a three-month conditional extension from the commodity markets regulator, Forward Markets Commission (FMC), to launch contracts till next March, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.9 per cent higher at Rs 835.60.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres today said it will start rolling out products from its 475 million Euro greenfield plant in Hungary by 2017.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 202.90.
L&T Ltd: L&T Metro Rail Hyderabad Ltd , the developer of the 72-km elevated metro rail here, today said it has written a letter to the Telangana government and offered to walk out of the Rs 16,000 crore-plus project as a last resort if issues concerning it are not sorted out.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 1542.60.
Ipca Laboratories Ltd: Health Canada has asked Ipca Laboratories to voluntarily stop shipment of products to Canada, based on a review of recent manufacturing practices by the US Food and Drug Administration , said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 percent higher at Rs 790.
Natco Pharma & Orchid Chemicals: Natco Pharma and Orchid Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals have received an adverse observation report, commonly known as Form 483, after inspections conducted in their manufacturing units earlier this year by the US Food and Drug Administration, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; Natco Pharma was trading 1.7 per cent lower at Rs 1501 and Orchid Chemicals was trading 2.1 per cent higher at Rs 75.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NBCC surges 14%; returns 500% in a year; stock s trading at cheap valuations: analystconstruction
(On Wed, the stock surged…)
MUMBAI: Investors, who put in money in state-owned construction firm National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) a year ago, are laughing their way to the bank. NBCC shares have soared five-fold in the past one year, making it one of the best performers among public sector companies.
Today, the stock surged about 14% in intraday trade.
On Wednesday, the stock surged almost Rs 96, or 19%, to close at Rs 611, surpassing its consensus target price by analysts of Rs 539 per share. At the start of the sharp upswing in the stock a few months ago, a few leading names of Dalal Street had lapped up the stock.
Veteran broker Ramesh Damani, who had recommended the stock earlier, said he liked the stock because it was trading at cheap valuations and the company has strong earnings visibility. "NBCC enjoys negative working capital, cash rich balance sheet and has a strong order book at about Rs 17,000 crore, 4.2 times its FY14 revenues," said Damani. "The stock could go up further as visibility of future earnings is high given the huge opportunity size in the business," he said.
Brokers said the lower outstanding shares have also aided the surge in the stock. As on June 30, 2014, the government held 90% of the equity while institutions held 2%.
The company achieved 'Navratna' status in June 2014. Since then the stock has exactly doubled. The Navratna status will allow NBCC to partner with firms in the foreign markets and will also give more autonomy in investment decisions of up to Rs 1,000 crore.
Analysts said the order that NBCC secured to develop the Waqf properties has been noted by investors. The total area under Waqf properties all over India is estimated at about 6 lakh acres and many of these properties are on prime land. "This development is a big positive for the company as Waqf properties have a huge potential of generating considerable returns over the years," said Dipen Shah, head of research, Kotak Securities . NBCC is one of the very few public sector companies engaged in the three verticals of project management consultancy, engineering, procurement and construction EPC and real estate development business.
"Since most of government agencies don't have an extended project execution arm to undertake various civil construction projects, NBCC is in a sweet spot, given its execution abilities," said Vinod Nair, head of equity research, Geojit BNP Paribas. "A real estate business with huge land bank, large re-development projects on the anvil, healthy financials backed by growth in business and margins make a case for an excellent investment," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mkts give gun salute to Jinping s $100 bn investment pledgeSep 18, 2014, 02.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mkt gives 21 gun salute to Jinping's $100-bn investment vow
In his maiden visit to the country, Jinping committed to invest in India's railway, infrastructure and manufacturing projects.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkt gives 21 gun salute to Jinping's $100-bn investment vow
In his maiden visit to the country, Jinping committed to invest in India's railway, infrastructure and manufacturing projects.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks rebounded smartly with the Sensex rising 319 points and the Nifty advancing nearly 100 points partly on the back of the Chinese president’s pledge to invest USD 100 billion over five years.
Chinese president Xi Jinping vowed to invest USD 100 billion in India over five years, clearly racing ahead of Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe’s promise to invest USD 35 billion.
In his maiden visit to the country, Jinping committed to invest in India's railway, infrastructure and manufacturing projects. China and India are likely to sign five MoUs on developing India's railway infrastructure.
Shares of rail stocks surged 5-7 percent intraday Thursday, riding on hopes of an upgrade as promised by Narendra Modi in his prime ministerial campaigns. The ailing sector is all set to see an improvement after it joins hands with China which will help the nation build high-speed rail network and modernise railway stations.
China’s investment into the country at the moment stands at a poor USD 400 million, that too mostly in Gujarat. Prime minister Narendra Modi’s relations with president Jinping dates back to perhaps 2011 when he was received at the Great Hall of People in Beijing. China and Japan were the only two countries that did not ostracize Modi for 2002 Gujarat riots, like the United States.
China is considering investing in India’s plan to build high-speed railways, including bullet trains. In fact, Chinese officials have said that the country would be committed to investing anywhere between USD 100 billion and USD 300 billion for the purpose of modernising Indian railways – be it for the development of stations, replacing existing tracks to increase speed or for establishing industrial parks.
On day 1 itself – Wednesday – the two nations signed three Gujarat-specific pacts , including setting up industrial parts in the state, making Ahmedabad and Guangzhou city in China sister cities and an agreement between the Gujarat government and Guangdong province for cultural and social ties’ development between the two nations.
China also plans to invest USD 7 billion in industrial parks in Pune and Gandhinagar.
Jinping is the first foreign head to be received by an Indian prime minister outside Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi received Chinese President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad. Both Modi and Jinping arrived in Delhi late on Wednesday.
RELATED NEWS

Gujarat Industries Power s director D J Pandian resignsSep 18, 2014, 11.19 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat Industries Power's director D J Pandian resigns
Gujarat Industries Power Company has informed that Shri. D J Pandian, IAS, Chairman, has resigned as Director of the Company consequent upon his transfer from Additional Chief Secretary, Energy & Petrochemicals Dept., Govt. of Gujarat (GoG) to Additional Chief Secretary, Industries & Mines Dept., GoG.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gujarat Industries Power's director D J Pandian resigns
Gujarat Industries Power Company has informed that Shri. D J Pandian, IAS, Chairman, has resigned as Director of the Company consequent upon his transfer from Additional Chief Secretary, Energy & Petrochemicals Dept., Govt. of Gujarat (GoG) to Additional Chief Secretary, Industries & Mines Dept., GoG.
Post your opinion here
 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Ltd has informed BSE that the following changes in the Board of Directors of the Company:1. Shri. D J Pandian, IAS, Chairman, has resigned as Director of the Company consequent upon his transfer from Additional Chief Secretary, Energy & Petrochemicals Dept., Govt. of Gujarat (GoG) to Additional Chief Secretary, Industries & Mines Dept., GoG;2. Shri. Raj Gopal, IAS, has resigned as Director of the Company consequent upon his transfer from Managing Director, Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited (GUVNL) to Principal Secretary, Ports & Transports Dept, GoG; and3. Smt. Padma Betai has been nominated as Nominee of IDBI Bank Ltd. on the Board of Directors of the Company vice Shri D C Jain.The Directors of the Company have noted the above changes vide Resolutions passed by Circulation on September 16, 2014.Source : BSE

Parsvnath Developers transfers development rights to SupertechSep 18, 2014, 11.17 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Parsvnath Developers transfers development rights to Supertech
Parsvnath Developers Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a transaction with M/s. Supertech Limited (Supertech), in terms of which the Company has transferred the development rights held by it in the Township Project at Sohna Road, Gurgaon (Project).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Parsvnath Developers transfers development rights to Supertech
Parsvnath Developers Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a transaction with M/s. Supertech Limited (Supertech), in terms of which the Company has transferred the development rights held by it in the Township Project at Sohna Road, Gurgaon (Project).
Post your opinion here
 
Parsvnath Developers Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a transaction with M/s. Supertech Limited (Supertech), in terms of which the Company has transferred the development rights held by it in the Township Project at Sohna Road, Gurgaon (Project). The Company has also transferred its shareholding in M/s. Honey Builders Limited, with whom the Company has held joint development rights in the said Project, to Supertech.Source : BSE

Chinese President hopes to take strategic partnership with India to a  higher planeChinese President hopes to take strategic ties with India to a 'higher plane'
PTI
President Pranab Mukherjee along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcoming President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Chinese President Xi Jinping today hoped to take the strategic and cooperative partnerhip with India for peace and prosperity to a “higher plane” even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions in Ladakh with the visiting leader.
Xi started the New Delhi leg of his three-day visit to India with a ceremonial reception being accorded to him at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan here this morning, a day after Modi unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol, to set the stage for today’s summit talks.
The summit talks between Modi and Xi on the second day of latter’s visit began in Hyderabad House against the backdrop of Chinese and Indian troops being involved in a face-off along their border in the Ladakh region in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The summit meetings are occasion for leaders to raise all substantive issues having bearing on bilateral ties, The Prime Minister took the opportunity to raise the issue last night with the visiting dignitary,” MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said today responding to a query on the Chinese incursions.
The issue will be further raised by the Indian side today when the two leaders meet for a summit meeting, he said.
Chinese incursions
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there on a three-day visit yesterday, conveyed India’s concern over the Chinese incursions, sources said.
In a brief interaction with reporters at the Rashtrapati Bhavan after being given a ceremonial guard of honour, Xi expressed the hope that China and India will take their strategic and cooperative partnership to a higher plane.
He said he had come to India with three goals which were aimed at strengthening the bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies.
Common development
Xi said the two countries can work with each other on common development for the benefit of people of both the countries.
“Through this visit, I hope to work with Indian leadership to build strong relations between China and India and to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnerhip for peace and prosperity to a higher level.
“We plan to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnership of peace and prosperity to a higher plane,” Xi said.
Before his summit talks, Xi also visited Raj Ghat, the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi, to pay homage to the Father of Nation. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj also called on Xi.
Friendship
The Chinese leader said the first purpose of his visit is to carry forward the friendship between the two countries.
“China and India are both ancient civilisations with thousands of years of friendly interaction with each other. We also admire and respect each others’ civilisation.
“It is important that we translate the friendly contacts and make sure that we will follow what we promise each other,” Xi, who was flanked by President Pranab Mukherjee and Modi, told reporters.
Cooperation
Xi said his second goal is to deepen the cooperation.
“Both China and India are emerging markets. It is important that we increase cooperation so that the people of China and India are benefited from it.“
The two countries, he said, should also focus on core areas.
Development
The visiting President said that his third goal is to pursue development together as both the countries had development as their priority.
”....It is important that we deepen our relationship and develop a close developmental partnership,” he said.
“We are also two important forces in increasingly multi-polar world. Therefore, our relationship has strategic and global significance,” he said.
Receiving the Chinese President, Mukherjee introduced him to the Union Cabinet.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Currency Corner: US Federal Reserve finally sounds hawkish; rate hike in March-June 2015E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Poverty rate drops for the first time since 2006E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No festive gifts to bureaucrats  says Finance MinistryYou are here: Home > Collections
Finance Ministry instructs banks not to send festival gifts to bureaucrats
Sangita Mehta, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 10.05AM IST
Tags:
babus
(The ministry is looking…)
MUMBAI: The finance ministry has issued stern instructions to the heads of state-owned banks not to send gifts to bureaucrats during the festival season, a traditional practice at Diwali, as it looks to clamp down on influence peddling and stem the damage caused by a recent corruption scandal.
Some insiders say the gifts are aimed at keeping officials happy, so that the bankers can get to know about personnel changes. The current system of top management appointments at state-owned banks is quite opaque.
Senior executives are often dependent on finance ministry officials for information on people movements, including their own promotions. "This is akey reasons that bankers often shower expensive gifts on government employees," said a retired bank chief who did not want to be named.
The letter from the finance ministry to bankers also reflects the Modi government's determination to clean up the system that's been rocked by corruption allegations in recent weeks. Some bankers said the arrest of Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director SK Jain by the Central Bureau of Investigation for allegedly taking bribes in return for enhancing credit limits may have led the government to send the message.
There are as many as 50-60 key government employees in the finance ministry alone and almost every chairman and managing director is in the habit of giving gifts during festivals. Most CMDs say this is merely a goodwill gesture.
"In fact, even large corporate houses give gifts to government employees. Instead of asking banks not to send gifts, they should ask government employees not to accept gifts," said a bank chief.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Raghuram Rajan may be right about a  crashWhy RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may be right about a ‘crash’
Sep 17, 2014, 08.37AM IST
Tags:
(Given the Fed’s policy…)
By Soumya Kanti Ghosh
In a series of recent interviews, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan warned of a 'crash' should there be sudden reversal in risk perception already distorted by unconventional monetary policies in the West. The rational response to the exuberance in the prices of financial assets is that they have always been irrational. And Rajan may be right this time!
Global economic outlook is grounded in optimism despite data showing the contrary. Interestingly, the word 'geopolitical' appeared only once in RBI's June statement; in August it appeared thrice. The US and Japan have contracted and EU is in the midst of a fresh bank bailout. The financial markets around the world, more so in the US and Europe, continue to rise. The Dow has risen more than 50% since 2008 and during this hiatus, the US Q2GDP (and also in Q1) expanded by more than 4%. What could possibly explain this disconnect between the stellar performance of financial markets in the backdrop of continued modest real growth?
A peep into history shows some structural transformations have occurred in the financial sector of advanced economies. If the balance sheet (BS) size of banks is taken as proxy, then the size has grown dramatically in relation to underlying economic activity over the past century. For example, for the US, there has been a secular rise in banks' assets from around 60% of GDP in 1950 to over 100% by 2008.
For the UK, from about 50% of GDP in the early 1970s, banks' assets in relation to national income have risen 10-fold to over 500% of GDP. The return on equity of financial sector companies has outpaced those in non-financial sector by a factor of two. Recently, a body of new empirical literature pointed out that disproportionately higher growth in the financial sector reduces real growth, dampening long-run productivity in the process. In other words, financial boom is not growth enhancing as it distorts the allocative efficiency of the economy.
The financial sector, in the run-up to 2008, had grown on high leverage both on and off balance sheet, and expanding exposure to trading assets vis-a-vis the traditional assets. Leverage continues to be a serious cause of concern across regulators even today. The Basel III accord has promptly checked this by incorporating the leverage ratio and has subsequently followed this up with a resolution regime mechanism to ensure orderly winding-up of entities that fail.
High debt is not just a problem of the financial sector but also a problem of the government and household sector in the US and Europe. A Bank of International Settlement study of 2011 examining linkages between debt and economic activity in 18 industrial countries found that high debt is bad for growth. Hence, unless the economic system as a whole delivers, the growth prospects of the global economy projected at 3% and more by IMF can itself falter.
  While high debt continues to plague the major economies, the initial response to the situation in 2008 was a massive injection of liquidity, reducing interest rates close to zero bound and in some cases altering the slope of the yield curve. The measures may have restored peace in financial markets, but with the benefit of hindsight, one must look into the possible externalities such measures have created.
Artificially lower interest rates have distorted investment decisions and made risk pricing arbitrary. At lower rates, an otherwise unviable project must have been judged viable. As central bank tries to exit exceptional measures, the ensuing rise in long yield can make those very viable projects unviable.
In 2012, the Treasury Committee at House of Commons asked the Bank of England (BOE) to highlight the redistributive impact of monetary policy, and explain the costs and benefits of their policy actions to groups that are perceived to have been particularly badly impacted. In response to this question, BOE admitted that exceptional measures had redistributive costs and there were clear winners and losers.
Households in the upper quantiles have benefited from the appreciation in asset prices following the unconventional response. Pension fund and insurance companies have been squeezed by ultra-low interest rates particularly where benefits have an embedded guarantee. The interaction of these unintended consequences with secular rise in dependency ratio over the next decade may aggravate the hardship.
Back home, the million-dollar question is: when will the RBI cut rate? If we leave aside inflation, purely on the basis of an uncertain risk appetite and the US monetary policy will warrant no change in policy rates. In fact, with Fed giving out hints that "increases in the federal funds rate target could come sooner than the Committee currently expects and could be more rapid thereafter", the situation looks more challenging.
After all, going by historical trends, if Fed raises policy rates without a concomitant raise in repo rate, there is indeed clear evidence of capital outflows! Add to this a new round of geopolitical risks, with Scotland going for referendum on September 18, the RBI's tone going forward may continue to be hawkish even if retail inflation cools off.
(The writer is Chief Economic Advisor, State Bank of India. Saket Hishikar, economist, SBI, co-authored this article. Views are personal)
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI s Rajan warns against lowering guard on foreign capital flowYou are here: Home > Collections
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan warns against lowering guard on foreign capital flow
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 07.14AM IST
Tags:
foreign capital flow
(RBI had in July raised foreign…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the country must limit its reliance on foreign debt because it cannot be taken for granted.
"We managed to bring down the current account deficit substantially, we are limiting our reliance on foreign debt. It is important we keep it this way and manage the economy in way that is careful and that is circumspect," Rajan said here on Tuesday.
"At some point, these (foreign) investors will find greater usage of their money back home and they want to go out once again," he said at the 55th foundation day celebrations of Somaiya College in Mumbai. "That's when you have financial difficulty once the money flows out."
India's current account deficit, or excess of imports over exports, narrowed to 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY14 from an all-time high of 4.8 per cent of GDP in the previous fiscal largely on account of overseas flows.
RBI had in July raised foreign institutional investors' debt limit by $5 billion to $25 billion after the investments started nearing the $20 billion threshold.
According to reports, the additional headroom is almost exhausted and FIIs' debt investments in the country are nearing $25 billion, leading to expectations that there might be an increase in the cap again.
Rajan underscored the need to be very careful about spending because financial conditions will change. The money or the capital flows that India has received is largely out of the stimulus offered by some developed countries such as the US in their economies.
If this money is spent mindlessly, then there is a risk of running large deficits based on this foreign 'borrowing'. "This is why numbers like current account deficit are worth watching closely," Rajan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Important to have FII debt limits  says RBI s Raghuram RajanImportant to have FII debt limits, says Raghuram Rajan
PTI Sep 16, 2014, 03.03PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(Rajan's comments came…)
MUMBAI: Cautioning about reliance on foreign flows, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today advocated for continuing with caps on overseas investments in debt.
"...we are limiting our reliance on foreign debt. It is important we keep it this way and manage the economy in way that is careful and that is circumspect," he said during an address at the 55th foundation day celebrations at the Somaiya Vidyavihar.
The Reserve Bank had in July raised the Foreign Institutional Investors' debt limit by USD 5 billion to USD 25 billion, after the investments started nearing the $20 billion threshold.
According to reports, the additional headroom is almost exhausted and FIIs' debt investments in the country are already nearing the USD 25 billion, leading to expectations that there might be an increase in the cap again.
Rajan said that the country has benefited from the foreign flows into the country, but advised caution, while dealing with such investments, which chase the best yields.
"We have to be careful about this money because if we say, 'this is wonderful, they all like us, we follow tremendous policies and that's why we got this money', and we go and spend, we run large current account deficits based on these foreign borrowings," he said.
"But this foreign borrowing cannot be taken for granted. At some point these investors will find greater usage of their money back home and they want to go out once again," he added.
Rajan, however, said that through various measures we have been successful in "substantially" containing the current account deficit (CAD), which narrowed to 1.7 per cent in FY'14 from an all time high of 4.8 per cent in the previous fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo inks $2.6 bn aircraft finance deal with China s ICBCIndiGo inks $2.6 bn aircraft finance deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Tommy Wilkes        Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 16:29 IST
Indian budget airline IndiGo has signed a $2.6 billion deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft, the carrier said in a statement on Wednesday.
The announcement comes on the day Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India, where the two countries are expected to sign trade and investment deals worth billions of dollars.
Under the memorandum of understanding, ICBC will provide IndiGo, India's largest airline by market share, with financing for the planes through either a sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending deal, IndiGo President Aditya Ghosh said in the statement.
Privately owned IndiGo said it will use the deal to add Airbus A320 planes to its fleet.
The majority of IndiGo's fleet is financed through sale and leaseback agreements - under which a third party owns the planes and then rents them to the airline - and is one factor analysts say has helped keep the airline profitable while India's other big carriers lose money in a highly competitive market.
IndiGo, owned by InterGlobe Enterprises, is planning on listing on the Bombay Stock Exchange next year, people involved in the deal previously told Reuters.
(Reuters)

2G case: Court issues notices to accused on CBI s pleaCourt issues notices to accused on CBI's plea in 2G case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 18:34 IST
Former Telecom Minister A Raja (Photo: Reuters)
A Delhi court on Wednesday issued notices to 17 accused facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation case for their reply on a CBI plea seeking summoning of additional prosecution witnesses, including Enforcement Directorate Deputy Director Rajeshwar Singh, in the matter.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who had reserved the order for Wednesday on CBI's plea, sought response of the 17 accused, including former Telecom Minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi, on September 23 after the agency placed some new facts before the court.
The court said it would hear the submissions of the accused before deciding on CBI's plea.
CBI had moved the application seeking the court's permission to summon some prosecution witnesses and to place additional documents on record saying they were necessary to arrive at the truth.
Besides Rajeshwar Singh, CBI has sought permission to call ED's Assistant Director Satyendra Singh, Under Secretary of Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Navil Kapur and bank official D Mani.
Apart from these four persons, the agency has sought to recall General Manager (Finance) of Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd G Rajendran, who had earlier deposed as a witness in the case, for further examination.
In its plea, CBI has said these persons were required to be examined as witnesses as some new facts have emerged in the investigation conducted by the ED which has recently filed a separate charge sheet against 19 accused in a 2G scam related money laundering case.
The court has closed the defence evidence in the case and fixed the matter for November 10 for hearing final arguments.
Besides Raja and Kanimozhi, 12 individuals and three companies are facing trial in the case.
The court had earlier pulled up CBI for "withholding" documents and observed that if the situation goes on like this, the cases would be "endless" and nobody would have "faith" in judiciary.
During the earlier hearings, special public prosecutor Anand Grover had told the court that new material which CBI was seeking to place on record would show if Kanimozhi was an active director in Kalaignar TV.
He had submitted that materials would also show whether the money transactions between different entities, including Kalaignar TV, were genuine business transactions or they were proceeds of crime.
Besides Raja and Kanimozhi, former Telecom Secretary Sidharth Behura, Raja's erstwhile private secretary R K Chandolia, Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, Reliance ADAG executives Gautam Doshi, Surendra Pipara and Hari Nair are facing trial in the case.
Bollywood producer Karim Morani, Kalaignar TV Managing Director Sharad Kumar and Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, are also facing trial.
Besides them, three telecom firms - Swan Telecom, Reliance Telecom and Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) - are also accused in the case.
Raja, Kanimozhi, Shahid Balwa, Vinod Goenka, Asif Balwa, Rajiv Agarwal, Karim Morani and Sharad Kumar, along with others, were also chargesheeted by ED in the money laundering case.

Gold  silver prices fall on subdued demandGold, silver prices fall on subdued demand
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 18:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After two days of gains, gold prices fell by Rs 60 to close at Rs 27,400 per 10 gram in the national capital on Wednesday due to slackened demand from jewellers and retailers, amid absence of cues from global markets.
Silver also lacked necessary follow-up support from industrial units and coin makers and shed Rs 110 to Rs 41,490 per kg.
Bullion merchants said subdued demand from jewellers and retailers in view of the ongoing "Sharads", considered to be an inauspicious fortnight for making new purchases, weighed on gold and silver prices .
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 60 each to Rs 27,400 and Rs 27,200 per 10 gram, respectively.
It had gained Rs 90 in the previous two sessions.
Sovereign, however, remained unaltered at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Globally, gold traded a shade higher at US $1,235.40 an ounce in Singapore.
Similarly, silver ready declined by Rs 110 to Rs 41,490 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 190 to Rs 41,350 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs 350 in last two days.
Silver coins settled around previous level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Blackrock sells 39 lakh Yes Bank sharesBlackrock sells 39 lakh Yes Bank shares
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 19:31 IST
Blackrock Real Asset Equity Trust on Wednesday offloaded more than 39 lakh shares of private sector lender Yes Bank for an estimated Rs 231.27 crore through an open market transaction on the BSE.
As per the bulk deal information with BSE, the entity sold as many as 39,40,967 shares of the private sector bank.
Yes Bank shares were offloaded at an average price of Rs 586.84 apiece, valuing the transaction size to Rs 231.27 crore.
The private sector lender would be excluded from standard and mid-cap indices of the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI), from Thursday. MSCI is a leading provider of benchmark indices globally.
Yes Bank is India's fourth largest private sector lender and offers corporate banking, investment banking as well as personal banking services across the country.
Shares of Yes Bank gained marginally by 1.67 per cent to close at Rs 586.15 apiece on the BSE.

Nelson Peltz calls for DuPont break-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7aa72374-3e72-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IndiGo inks $2.6-billion pact with Chinese bankIndiGo inks $2.6-billion pact with Chinese bank
BS Reporter | New Delhi/ Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:49 AM IST
 
India’s largest no-frills carrier IndiGo signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC). Under the pact with IndiGo, ICBC, China’s largest commercial bank, will finance the airline’s plans to purchase 30 aircraft. The deal size is valued at $2.6 billion.
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily. In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011.
FLYING HIGH
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily
In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending
IndiGo is not listed and does not publicise annual reports. According to the airline’s balance sheet for the year ending March 2013, it had long-term borrowings of Rs 1,617 crore and this included foreign currency term loans (Rs 276 crore) and aircraft finance lease obligations (Rs 1,340 crore).
The interest rate for term loans was pegged at Libor-plus-premium carried. The balance sheet shows that some of the term loans were secured against the assignment of certain rights under aircraft purchase agreement signed with Airbus.
The announcement of MoUs, signed at an India-China business meeting organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, coincides with Chinese President Xi Jinping’s three-day visit to India. Xi arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
“Through this MoU, ICBC will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending. The number of aircraft would be about 30 and the value of the deal would reach to the amount of $2.6 billion,” said Aditya Ghosh, president, IndiGo.
Under the MoU, ICBC will provide financing for the planes through either sale and leaseback, financial lease or commercial lending, IndiGo said in a statement here.
IndiGo already has a relationship with ICBC and this new effort will cement the relationship, the statement added.

After Vishal Retail debacle  founder focuses on e-commerceAfter Vishal Retail debacle, founder focuses on e-commerce
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Three and a half years after his company Vishal Retail was sold to a consortium led by private equity giant TPG, Ram Chandra Agarwal is planning big on his new retail business, V2 Retail.
Now, Agarwal is considering expanding the chain of 16 V2 Retail stores, which primarily sell apparel, in various states, including Uttar Pradesh and those in the North-east. He also plans to set up business-to-business and business-to-consumers e-commerce portals to focus on value fashion. “I want to make the e-commerce portal the country’s largest value-fashion portal,” he said on the sidelines of the India Retail Forum here.
He added he had learnt important lessons on managing cash flow, controlling expansion and not seeking short-term debt. In 2008, Vishal Retail ran into trouble after failing to raise equity, as rising debt levels crippled business prospects. As of June 2010, the company had Rs 730 crore of debt on its books.
In late 2009, lenders to the company had approached the corporate debt restructuring cell. Subsequently, lenders such as State Bank of India, HSBC and ING Vysya approved the debt recast proposal, which included promoters ceding control to investors. Some lenders such as Deutsche Bank, Barclays and DBS Bank moved court, urging Vishal Retail be liquidated.
For V2 Retail, Agarwal is opening stores of with an area of 12,000 sq ft, against Vishal Retail’s store size of 18,000 sq ft. “During the days of Vishal Retail, we opened 10,00,000 sq ft in a year. Today, we are opening 200,000 sq ft in three years,” Agarwal said. V2 Retail aimed to increase its revenue 30 per cent every year, he said, adding the company was eyeing sales of Rs 260-270 crore and a profit of Rs 9 crore this financial year.
However, retail consultants such as Prashant Agarwal, joint managing director of Wazir Advisors, are less enthusiastic. “In business, your background does not go away...Though there are opportunities, he could face challenges on competition and funding,” said Wazir’s Agarwal.
“Log chamatkar ko namaskar karte hai (people salute miracles). I have restarted the retail journey. The chamatkar will happen,” said Ram Chandra Agarwal.

Chinese President lands in India for 3-day visitTrade, investment hopes as China's Xi visits India
Associated Press –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014
Print
AHMEDABAD, India (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping landed in the Indian prime minister's home state of Gujarat on Wednesday for a three-day visit expected to focus on India's need to improve worn out infrastructure and reduce its trade deficit.
Xi was greeted on the tarmac by state officials carrying fringed umbrellas to guard him from the sun in Gujarat's main financial city of Ahmedabad.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to court Chinese business and seek investment to upgrade creaky infrastructure, banking on China's track record at building highways, railways, and industrial zones. India is also eager to address the imbalance in their annual trade, which now totals around $65 billion but is skewed toward imports of Chinese electrical equipment and parts.
Modi and the Gujarat government are staging a lavish welcome for Xi, with billboards across Ahmedabad showing a smiling Modi and Xi. A banquet dinner was being held Wednesday night on the banks of the Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad. Modi was also celebrating his 64th birthday.
Xi has been equally effusive in expressing excitement for the visit.
"China-India relations have become one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations in the 21st century," Xi wrote in an article published Wednesday in The Hindu newspaper.
The choice of Gujarat as Xi's first stop in India, rather than the capital New Delhi, marked a departure from protocol that some saw as a sign of warming ties between China and India. Relations had been tested by a decades-old border dispute and fears of China's growing military and economic might. Xi will meet officials in New Delhi on Thursday.
Earlier this week, Xi visited Sri Lanka and Maldives, both traditional allies of India who have unnerved New Delhi by growing closer to Beijing.
Modi appeared to be unbothered by those visits, alluding Tuesday to ancient Sino-Indian ties dating to a Chinese Buddhist monk, Xuan Zang, who spent time in Modi's village in Gujarat in 600 AD.
"Through the medium of Buddhism, India and China, especially China and Gujarat have developed very close relations," Modi said, addressing Chinese media.
India, with its 1.2 billion population surpassed only by China's 1.4 billion, has also long aimed at becoming the next massive cheap labor economy. Modi has pledged to streamline business and build up industry to make that happen.
"India and China today constitute almost 35 percent of the world's population. From a purely arithmetic point of view ... that they decide to work together will open big gates for progress and development in the world," Modi said.
But not everyone in Gujarat was excited about the Chinese leader's visit.
Traders and small business owners have grown increasingly nervous about the calls for warmer relations and increased trade between India and China, fearing they'll be sidelined by Chinese competitors.
"We need to tread with care since China is a global manufacturing hub itself, which sees us as a market for their goods," said Bhagyesh Soneji, chairwoman of the Gujarat branch of the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India.
She hoped the two leaders would take "one small step at a time to ensure that there is no threat to the nascent local industry."
Small business leaders said industries such as pharmaceuticals, solar panel manufacturing, software and agriculture were already struggling to compete with Chinese companies who were benefiting from subsidies and soft loans.
In solar panels, "we stand very disadvantageously placed because their product is almost 20 percent cheaper," said Ashok Jain, a director with solar panel manufacturer Gujarat Borsil Ltd.
But for India's vast numbers of poor, there are some clear benefits from Chinese imports.
Low-end Chinese mobile phones have flooded the Indian market and beaten domestic brands on affordability, Hina Telecom shop owner Kaushik Kamdar said.
"For the poor among the consumers, if it lasts a year and serves their basic needs, it is more than enough," Kamdar said. "Patriotic concerns don't weigh heavily on the minds of people living by the day."
___
Daigle reported from New Delhi.
Recommend

NBCC hits new high; stock surges 25% in two daysNBCC hits new high; stock surges 25% in two days
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 09:41 AM IST
National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) has surged 6% to Rs 642, extending its previous day’s rally on National Stock Exchange (NSE), on back of heavy volumes.
The stock opened at Rs 616 and has touched a record high of Rs 645 so far. The counter has seen huge trading activity with a combined 1.74 million shares changing hands in first 25 minutes of trade on NSE and BSE.
In past two trading sessions, the stock rallied 25% from Rs 515 on September 16, compared to less than 1% rise in benchmark CNX Nifty.
On September 15, the state-owned construction firm said it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the National WAQF Development Corporation (NAWADCO) for developing the WAQF properties.
“The company has signed an MoU with National Waqf Development Corporation Limited (NAWADCO), for development of waqf properties all over India as institutional and commercial projects,” NBCC said in a regulatory filing.
NBCC will act as an executing agency for the commercial exploitation of the land parcels available with NAWADCO, it added.
 

Markets mixed as Asia mulls Fed updateS&P 500 hits record high after Fed update
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09cb2c2e-3ee3-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex up over 200 points; Sun Pharma  Hero Moto up 2%Sensex up over 200 points; Sun Pharma, Hero Moto up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:00 AM IST
Benchmark indices have erased early losses and are trading in the positive territory reacting to the US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time despite weak Asian cues. 
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labour market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
 
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
 
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10-billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the programme on course to be shuttered next month.
 
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
 
 
By 10 AM, the Sensex is up by 213 points at 26,845 mark and the Nifty has gained by 67 points at 8,042 levels.
 
BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are trading in line with the large counterparts and have surged over 1% each.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is positive with 1,540 shares advancing and 471 shares declining.
 
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Wednesday, 17 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 136.08 crore on that day.
 
Global markets:
 
US stocks edged higher in volatile trading on Wednesday after the US Federal Reserve renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
 
Interest rate projections, however, show Fed officials expect rate hikes, when they come, will do so at a quicker pace than previously forecast. The US dollar jumped against the euro and yen after the statement and data release.
 
Shares in financials, up 0.4 percent, extended gains to end the session as one of the better performing S&P sectors took the lead on the S&P 500.
 
Japanese shares jumped on Thursday after the dollar vaulted to a six-year peak on the yen as the Federal Reserve's outlook for rising rates underlined the diverging path between the United states and the rest of the rich world.
 
The euro skidded to a 14-month trough while gold hit an eight-month low as the dollar swept higher across the board, a move that many investors have been itching to wager on all year.
 
Indeed, the hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, all indices are trading in the positive territory. BSE Realty index is the top gainer followed by Consumer Durables, Metal, Capital Goods and Oil & Gas indices up over 1%.
 
IT major Infosys which surged yesterday on the back of fresh orders and after China injected $81 billion into major banks is down by 1.65 and is the top loser of this hour.
HUL and GAIL are trading with marginal losses.
 
Financial shares are trading with marginal gains. Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, SBI and HDFC twins have advances 0.2%. Annual credit growth in the banking system fell to 9.68 per cent, data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed. This was the first time since October 2009 (9.01 per cent) that growth in bank credit fell below 10 per cent.
 
In the auto space, barring M&M all other stocks are trading firm with Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Bajaj Auto and Hero Motocorp have surged between 0.5-1.5%. Hero Motocorp has extended its yesterday's rally and is up 1.5% as the company announced it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh to meet the growing demand for its two-wheelers.
 
RIL is up 0.4% in the early trades. In a bid to grab the opportunity created by diesel reaching market-parity price, Reliance Industries (RIL) has set the ball rolling on reopening its fuel retail outlets, after a gap of six years, and the company is in discussions with its dealers for a higher commission.
 
Drug maker Sun Pharma is the top gaining stock of this hour up by nearly 2%. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced that it has entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with the US-based Merck & Co (known as MSD outside the US and Canada) for the latter's investigational therapeutic antibody candidate tildrakizumab, used for treating chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment. The drug is currently in the Phase 3 registration trials. Following the tandem, Cipla and Dr Reddy’s lab are up 0.5%.
 
Fresh buying is evident in the metal pack. Coal India, Hindalco and Tata Steel have gained between 0.2-1.5%.
In the Capital goods segment, BHEL nad Engineering conglomerate L&T have climbed 0.7%.
 
TCS, Wipro and ITC are some of the notable names in green among others.
 

US Fed to hold rates near zero for some more timeMichael Flaherty and Howard Schneider     Washington   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 12:43 IST
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen holds a news conference in Washington (Photo: Reuters)
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the US central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered in October.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analysed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The US central bank has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs. In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labor market.
Stocks were little changed after the statement, but the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on US Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 per cent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 per cent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker."
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
US Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
EXIT STRATEGY
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings some time after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase (or reverse repo ) agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.

Indias black money proposals unreasonable: ...Banks
(Proposals are not likely…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India's initiative on the retrospective sharing of information by banks to elicit information about black money at the G-20 meeting later this week is not likely to make much progress with Australia's federal treasurer Joe Hockey saying it may be difficult and costly. Hockey is hosting G-20 finance ministers at Cairns, described as the gateway to Queensland's tropical north.
In an interaction with some reporters ahead of the meeting over the weekend, Hockey said, "Emerging market economies are actually more resilient now. A number of them are in better shape that they were after the financial crisis as many of them have taken measures." He said they would be able to withstand any volatility caused by monetary tightening in the US.
Mexico has taken measures, as has Asia, and that gives them capacity to cope with greater volatility in currencies, he said, adding that another measure of comfort is that the US Federal Reserve is aware of the consequences of its actions for emerging economies. "We talked about this at the meeting in Sydney. (Fed chairman) Janet Yellen has assured emerging market economies that the US Federal Reserve would be mindful of the impact of decisions on emerging markets as they continue with tapering and go to the point of increasing interest rates," he said.
Yellen will attend the G-20 meeting and will directly brief the world's economic powers of its thinking. "I think it is very significant that the chairman is coming to Australia after her meeting and will be able to address the G-20 about any change of policy or decision of monetary adjustment made by the Fed Reserve," Hockey said.
India is keen to get G-20 backing for its demand for retrospective sharing of information on bank accounts to bring pressure on Switzerland that has stalled New Delhi's attempts to unearth black money stashed in secretive Swiss banks. "Retrospective reporting is a big systemic change as banks are in different jurisdictions," Hockey said. "So (it's) very hard to have information prepared in format on a retrospective basis. I think it is unreasonable to have retrospective requirement," Hockey said.
He also strongly denounced protectionist measures, calling them the collective enemy of humanity. "Trade ministers have discussed this twice this year. Let me emphatically say that free trade is the best friend poverty alleviation has. Protectionism is the friend of poverty," Hockey said, citing opening up in China. He added that free movement of professionals was a part of trade liberalisation and Australia would like to have greater access to markets including India for a range of different services.
"Most of the work I suspect will have to come from bilateral agreements rather than multilateral but I live in hope that multilateral agreements can deliver that outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi stresses development goals  Modi raises border incursionsComments
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday committed to resolve the border dispute with India at an early date to improve peace and cooperation between both countries.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said after summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,"he said.
Since the border is not demarcated there will be certain incidents, Xi said, adding that both sides are capable of effectively managing the situation  through border-related mechanisms so that they do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
Modi in his one-on-one meeting with the visiting Chinese president said India was "seriously concerned" about the repeated incursions along the border.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese president.
The latest incident India was referring to was the  fresh incursion by the Chinese army in Chumar area, even as talks were on between both the leaders.
Watch: Xi gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
As many as 1000 soldiers of  the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA)  reportedly encroached 500 metres into the Chumar area. The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads, Rebos, had pitched their tents is also continuing.
India also expressed concern over China's policy of issuing stapled visas to Indian citizens from Arunachal and at the dispute over trans-border rivers.
President Xi also said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) - a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
 
China promises $20 billion investment
Xi promised to invest $20 billion in infrastructure and manufacturing projects in India over the next 5 years. 12 agreements were signed in the meeting between both leaders including on projects to set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and speeding up the existing rail network in the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore sector.
China also agreed to give Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - greater access to Chinese markets. This will help India reduce the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Both sides pledged to improve people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The year 2015 will be celebrated as a 'Visit India' year in China and 2016 will be celebrated as 'Visit China' year in India.
.
 
Earlier while talking to newspersons after a ceremonial welcome at the Rashtrapati Bhawan President Xi Jinping urged both countries to pursue developmental goals together."For both our countries development is top priority. We share the same developmental goals, same developmental philosphies," he said. 
Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping presented with a model of 'charkha'/ spinning wheel at Rajghat pic.twitter.com/IwYHlSPiIL
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 18, 2014
"We are the two largest developing economies, and two biggest markets. In an increasingly multipolar world our strategic and economic ties are important. Together we can bring prosperity to 2.5 billion people of Asia and opportunities to rest of the world,"he added.
President Xi  spoke to reporters after  a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhawan . Later the Chinese president along with his wife Peng Liyuan, paid tributes at the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat.
(With inputs from Jayanth Jacob in Delhi and agencies)

Settle seat-sharing dispute amicably  Amit Shah urges SenaComments
Amid tension in the saffron alliance over seat sharing, the BJP on Thursday indicated that a solution could be in sight if Shiv Sena relents from its present position.
Addressing party workers in Kolhapur, BJP president Amit Shah said the BJP wants the alliance but not at the cost of self-esteem. “The BJP has walked two steps forward. Now it’s others' turn to come two steps forward. We want alliance but not by compromising our self esteem.”
The BJP president said the alliance is necessary  to dethrone the Congress-NCP and bring a change of rule in Maharashtra.
"I want to ask the leaders of both parties, including the Shiv Sena, to resolve the issue by ensuring that both parties maintain their self esteem,”he said.
According to Shah the state leadership was not getting any response from the Sena despite making every effort to finalise a seat-sharing formula. “When I asked Devendra Fadnavis and Vinod Tawde about the alliance, they told me that they are making every effort but there has been no response.”
Shah has been on a two-day state tour since Wednesday. After visiting Mumbai in the morning he went to Kolhapur, his in-laws' place, to visit the famous Mahalaxmi temple.  
Both BJP and Sena have been sending out  signals that they could go separate ways if their demands are not met.
BJP Chief Amit Shah appeals Shiv Sena to sort out seat sharing problem and fight election along with BJP @HTMumbai
— shailesh gaikwad (@shailesh505) September 18, 2014
The BJP, after the resounding victory in the Lok Sabha, upped the pressure on Shiv Sena demanding that both parties contest 135 seats each in the 288-member state assembly. The party also wanted Shiv Sena to swap some seats which they have never won. The Sena refused to give in.
In the last Assembly elections, the Shiv Sena contested 171 seats while the BJP contested 119. 
Late on Wednesday night, Senior BJP leader and union minister for transport, Nitin Gadkari held talks with other party leaders. Party sources said BJP may settle for fewer number of seats if Shiv Sena reshuffles some of its seats with the alliance partner.
Elections for Maharashtra are scheduled for October 15.

Cogent Glass opens Rs 200-cr unit in TelanganaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cogent Glass inaugurates Rs 200-cr unit in Telangana
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Sept 18:  
Cogent Glass today inaugurated its Rs 200-crore manufacturing facility in Addakal mandal of Mahboobnagar in Telangana district.
The facility was inaugurated by the Telangana Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhara Rao.
Located on the Hyderabad-Bangalore national highway, the facility is expected to provide direct employment to 450 workers and indirect employment to over 1,000 people.
The facility has a production capacity of one million pieces a day of Type I moulded vials and half-a-million pieces of tubular glass containers for the pharmaceutical industry.
Oaktree Capital investment
Established in Hyderabad in 2010, Cogent was acquired last year by Oaktree Capital Management, a US-based investment firm managing over $80 billion in assets and with several investments in the packaging sector.
Oaktree had also invested in the French firm SGD which is a leading manufacturer of glass for the pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries.
SGD Group will invest an additional Rs 200 crore to double the capacity at its Adakkal facility built by its affiliate Cogent Glass.
Group CEO Ashok Sudan said the firm would hire 500 more in the next three years.
Infrastructure at Vemula plant
The infrastructure at Vemula plant includes batch plant from Germany, glass melting from Italy, IS machines for moulded vials from Sweden, inspection machines from France and tubular conversion machines from Italy and is spread over 30 acres owned by Cogent Glass Ltd.
“The plant in Vemula will produce high quality moulded Type I glass vials as well as tubular glass vials and ampoules for the pharmaceutical industry. It has become the first in the world to successfully produce both moulded glass vials and tube from a single furnace,” a top company executive had said on Thursday.
Currently, Telangana produces approximately 1-5 Million glass vials for the pharmaceutical industry.
The pharmaceutical packaging industry in India is estimated to be worth about Rs 1,100 crore and growing at a rate of 17 per cent.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Sony forecasts $2 billion loss as smartphones lagE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex Up Nearly 300 Points  Nifty Above 8 050You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Sharply Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)
(Read: US Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge )
The Sensex jumped as much as 500 points (1.9 per cent) at its day's high and regained the key 27,000 peak. The 50-share Nifty also regained 8,100 by rising 1.75 per cent. The gains were stronger in the broader markets with BSE smallcap index surging nearly 2.7 per cent. ( Track stocks )
Analysts expect the US central bank to raise short-term rates only in the middle of 2015 even though it will end its monthly bond purchases in October 2014. This is good news for emerging markets, including India, which has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of Fed's easy money policy.
Overseas investors have so far this year invested close to $30 billion in Indian debt and stocks markets. This has fuelled a record-setting rally in Indian stocks and supported the rupee.
Fed's decision also pushed the Dow Jones Average to its 16th record high this year. Low rates have been a boon to the market by helping stimulate the economy and making stocks more attractive compared with bonds.
Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy and advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher, attributed today's gains to a relief rally after the Fed reaffirmed its dovish stance. There was some sense of fear and trepidation in the markets ahead of the Fed's meeting and now the fears of sudden outflows from emerging markets have abated, he said.
All the sectoral indices on the BSE were higher today with strong buying seen particularly in realty, oil & gas and capital goods stocks. Cyclical stocks had seen some pressure ahead of the Fed meeting as investors shifted to defensives such as IT and pharma and now with the Fed event out of the way buying is back in the cyclicals, Mr Bodke added.
Among top Nifty gainers, Hero MotoCorp surged 5.8 per cent while Tata Motors, L&T, DLF, Dr Reddy's Lab, and HDFC rose over 3 per cent.
The Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27,112 while Nifty ended at 8,114, up 139 points.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Will pare debt by Rs 1.3K cr post rights issue: GMR Infra08:00 am
GMR Infra  will be raising Rs 1500 crore via a rights issue and private equity firm KKR will be lending about Rs 1000 crore at the holding company level to facilitate it. However, KKR will have no holding in either GMR Infra or GMR Holding, says Madhu Terdal, group chief financial officer, GMR Infra.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Terdal says the loan is just a long-term structural arrangement being done by the company and KKR will not hold any board seat in GMR Holdings.
The reason for the rights issue is to lower the company’s high corporate debt by Rs 1250 crore. GMR has a debt of Rs 37000 crore that it looks to cut by Rs 1300 crore post the rights issue in November.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Madhu Terdal’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: What will be the debt position now at the end of September 30 itself and definitely by the end of the year?
A: The current debt position is around Rs 37000 crore and post rights issue which is expected to happen sometime in November, I think this should fall down by around Rs 1300 crore again further.
Apart from the actual aggregate amount, what is the miracle that is going to happen actually, if you look at our balance sheet as on March 31, our debt to equity was 1:3.7. Post qualified institutional placement (QIP) it fell down to 1: 3.3 and now of course subject to Sebi approval and the successful completion, this will fall down to as low as 2.70. So in a span of less than six months or even eight months, the debt to equity will be falling down from 1:3.7 to 1:2.70; so that will be the real benefit that this both rights and QIP are going to cost to the company.
Number two, out of the QIP proceeds we had already reduced our corporate debt by about Rs 300 crore and now we are using another Rs 1250 towards reducing the debt. This will bring down the corporate debt in a span of six months by as much as around Rs 1500 crore, that will save the company as much about Rs 200 crore per annum. That will give a big relief to the company and the corporate debt will come down very substantially. If you see all the investors, analysts, this is a cause of concern and GMR has taken effective steps to reduce it.
Sonia: So what will this do to your interest costs per quarter, how much could the interest cost come down by?
A: Annually it will save us around Rs 200 crore so for six months it will save more than Rs 100 crore of interest cost.
Sonia: There is this Rs 1000 crore of loan that you are getting from KKR as well. What is the tenure of that loan, does it have to be paid back and if yes when?
A: Let me clarify the loan is not being taken by GMR Infrastructure. Effectively it reinforces the confidence of the promoters in the overall value of the business and the sustainability of the business. If you look at it, promoters that is GMR Holdings they have already taken warrants upto Rs 600 crore just about three months back when QIP was announced.
GMR Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, GMR Infrastructure closed at Rs 20.15, up Rs 0.05, or 0.25 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 38.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 17.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.23 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 87.61. The latest book value of the company is Rs 16.76 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.20.

No more Gandhi tags on schemes  Modi looks for new namesno more gandhi tags on schemes  modi looks for new names
Telangana CM to lay foundation stone for J&J  P&G unitsTelangana CM to lay foundation stone for J&J, P&G units
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 18:  
The Telangana Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhar Rao, will lay the foundation stone for Johnson & Johnson and inaugurate Procter & Gamble manufacturing units in the Mahaboobnagar district.
He will also commission a glass manufacturing unit of Cogent Glass at Addankal in Mahaboobnagar.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Face-off between Indian and Chinese armies along LAC continue as Modi and Jinping meet in New DelhiTrouble began in Chumar last week when the Chinese brought heavy equipment on their side of the LAC to construct a road. (Source: PTI Photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:00 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:53 pm
A face-off between the Indian and Chinese armies continued in Chumar sector in Ladakh even as Chinese president Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi exchanged pleasantries in Ahmedabad and are scheduled to have substantial talks in New Delhi on Thursday.
While defence ministry officials declined to comment on the matter, sources said that a “build up” or “beefing up of reinforcement” is a standard procedure whenever there is a “face off” between the two armies. Describing the current scenario just as a “face- off”, an official said, “At Chumar, the two Armies are at eyeball to eyeball distance, but that is it. The situation is not alarming.”
As reported earlier, the present dispute along the LAC pertains to two places – at Chumar, where the troops of the two countries have been on a face-off and at Depsang, where the Chinese tribals have pitched tents. Trouble began in Chumar last week when the Chinese brought heavy equipment on their side of the Line of Actual Control (LAC) to construct a road. India objected to the construction, following which the Chinese side had sought a flag meeting, which took place on Monday, but remained inconclusive.
At Demchok, the Chinese wrecked up construction of an irrigation canal citing that the Indian Army is using the construction of the canal – National rural employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) work to create supporting infrastructure for military purpose along the LAC.
On Wednesday, a “low-level” flag meeting was held between the two armies at Chushul. India is learnt to have escalated its concerns to their Chinese counterparts. “We had asked the Chinese side to come back after the flag meeting on Monday remained inconclusive. As a result, a low-level flag meeting, meaning one involving lower ranking officers, was held at about 5.30 pm. The Indian side raised its concerns with the Chinese side. The meeting took place in Chushul. No further details of the meeting are available,” sources said.
The flag meetings are normally held by officers of a rank equivalent to a Brigadier. But Wednesday meeting is believed to have been held between officers of the rank below that of a Brigadier-equivalent.
It may be noted that a similar face-off between the troops of the two countries had also taken place at Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) area of Ladakh last year. The two sides have signed a Protocol in 2005 on “Modalities for the Implementation of Confidence Building Measures in the Military Field Along the Line of Actual Control in the India-China Border Areas”, which is believed to have been reminded by the Indian side during the flag meetings.

Protests continue as Jadavpur University students decide to boycott classStudents of Jadavpur University including others Universities and colleges take part in a rally against alleged molestation of a university girl in Kolkata. (Source: PTI)
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:43 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:14 pm
The Jadavpur University campus continued to simmer on Thursday, a day after a series of protests, as students of all departments decided to boycott classes.
“We have decided not to attend classes till the vice chancellor Abhijit Chakraborty resigns,” said Disha Roychowdhury, one of the protesting students.
Another second year Production Engineering student said that at least the VC should have come up with an apology over the attack on students by police under his instructions.
Members of Students Federation of India (SFI), however, said they were not a part of the class boycott programme. “We have called for a day-long students strike and not class boycott. That is the unanimous decision of the students here,” said Debojyoti Das, state secretary, SFI.
The university authorities, on the other hand, in a bid to pacify the students had instructed the posters which were put up on Wednesday, to be torn off the university walls.
“It had actually backfired. When I went to take off the posters, I had to face the ire of the students. Although I didn’t get beaten up because they knew I was only carrying out instructions, they kept on chanting slogans against the university authorities,” said a member of the Group D staff.
Four Left-backed students have called a statewide students strike on Thursday and members of one of the unions, All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) were seen demonstrating outside the university main gate.
Members of BJP’s Mahila Morcha, the women’s cell of BJP, will be visiting the university and the ailing students at KPC hospital and medical college. Members of different students’ unions would take out a procession from Dhakuria to Jadavpur 8B bus stand later during on Thursday.
The VC has gone on a leave citing health issues.

IITians create solar-powered cold storage with no running costPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:30 am
Young IIT engineers have come up with an affordable solution to the wastage of agricultural produce by developing a unique solar-powered cold storage system which works at almost zero running cost.
Developed at the Science and Technology entrepreneurship Park (STEP) of IIT-Kharagpur by mechanical engineering student Vivek Pandey and his team, the micro cold storage system has been successfully tested in a Karnataka farmland.
“It is a first of its kind product developed anywhere in the world as there are no running costs for the farmer and works on clean and sustainable technology for all 12 months. We have even applied for four patents for technologies used in the product,” Pandey said.
Under the banner of Ecofrost Technologies, the young graduates are now ready to move out of the campus and start a manufacturing and assembly unit in Pune next month.
Using a uniquely designed thermal storage methodology that controls compartment cooling in tandem with regular cooling, micro cold storage helps increase the shelf life of agricultural produce using solar panels of 2.5 KW – 3.5 KW.
“The power generated is sent directly on to the compressor which can run at various speeds to adjust itself to the cooling demand. Instead of batteries, the system has a thermal storage unit which can store power for more than 36 hours to provide power in case there is no sun during cloudy or rainy weather,” the young innovator said.
Existing solar-powered units run on batteries which need to be replaced after 2-3 years making the running cost very high for farmers.
It is estimated that every year India loses around 30 per cent of food production due to wastage and contamination.
“We want to provide farm-level solar cold storages in areas that lack access to grid connected electricity. By increasing the shelf life of agriculture produce, it will improve farmers’ livelihood by reducing losses and allowing better price realisation,” Pandey said.
Meant for horticulture produce, the micro cold storage system has a capacity of 5 metric tonnes and a price varying between Rs 5 to 6 lakh.
“We have started getting orders and will start a manufacturing and assembly unit in Pune next month. We have a target to manufacture 20,000 such cold storage units in the next five years,” the IITian said, adding that they are looking to raise around Rs 5 crore from venture capitalists.
Their promising innovation has won the first prize of Rs 10 lakh in the national university competition ‘DuPont: The Power of Shunya’.
Besides selling directly to farmers, they are also trying to create village-level entrepreneurs who will act as nodal points for cold storage in mandis where any farmer can store his produce at a fixed cost.

Rupee hits day s low of 61.20 | Crude near $98You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee plunges 25 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had ended 13 paise…)
MUMBAI: The rupee fell by 25 paise to 61.17 against the US currency in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar against other currencies in global market after the US Fed stating it would keep its easy-money policy, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
The rupee had ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the greenback in yesterday's trade following sustained dollar selling by exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 118.09 points, or 0.44 per cent, to 26,513.20 in early trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territorySep 18, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory
According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Both the armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory
According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Both the armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other.
Post your opinion here
 
Heightening tension, the Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours on Thursday, hours before the summit meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Both the armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other.
The entire issue started on Sunday when Indian troops detected a construction activity being undertaken by the Chinese side well within the Indian territory in Chumar area, official sources said, adding the army stopped the activity and increased its strength. The two sides have held two flag meetings so far which included a marathon discussion yesterday that continued for several hours and remained inconclusive.
Also read: Ladakh face-off: Modi to raise issue with Jinping
The Chinese side had pushed in more troops on Wednesday morning as well, the sources said, adding the number of People's Liberation Army personnel stood at nearly 500 with an equal matcher from the Indian side as well. Chumar, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with the Chinese side making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area.
The PLA has been making repeated bids to claim Chumar as part of Chinese territory but has been thwarted every time by the Indian army.
The sources said the Chinese side were also carrying out defence work on their side. Under the agreement between the two sides, any country indulging in defence construction has to inform the other sides.
Meanwhile, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads - Rebos - had pitched their tents continued. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Sun Pharma  says Ambareesh BaligaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Sun Pharma, says Ambareesh Baliga
Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga is of the view that one may buy Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Market Expert, Ambareesh Baliga told CNBC-TV18, " Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is still a hold. This is what I had said just about three days back when wherever there are regulatory issues with any pharma company, any of the better known names that is surely a time to buy. Sun Pharma had that issue last week and because of that we saw a correction and that was possibly an opportunity to buy."
At 11:40 hrs Sun Pharmaceutical Industries was quoting at Rs 810, up Rs 17.70, or 2.23 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 877.40 and 52-week low Rs 553.70 on 03 September, 2014 and 18 September, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Xi Jinping hopes to take China s strategic partnership with India to   higher planeXi Jinping hopes to take China s strategic partnership with India to   higher plane
Modi  Xi hold talks  India conveys concern over incursionsModi  Xi hold talks  India conveys concern over incursions
Scottish Independence Referendum: How to Follow Poll Information Live; Best SiteScottish Independence Referendum: How to Follow Poll Information Live; Best Site
Indosolar enters into contract with EMMVEE Photovoltaic Power  BengaluruIndosolar enters into contract with EMMVEE Photovoltaic Power  Bengaluru
Suzlon surges; produces 1st blade for S111 2.1 MW TurbineSuzlon surges; produces 1st blade for S111 2.1 MW Turbine
Thomas Cook (India) enters into partnership with Ratnakar BankThomas Cook (India) enters into partnership with Ratnakar Bank
Sept USDINR prices have intraday support at 61-61.05 level: EmkaySept USDINR prices have intraday support at 61-61.05 level: Emkay
Tibetans stage protest at Hyderabad HouseTibetans protest outside Hyderabad House
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Tibetan protestors breached the security cordon created for the visiting Chinese President, Xi Jinping. They also managed to reach the back entrance of Hyderabad House where Indian Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi and the visiting dignitary were holding delegation-level talks.
Shouting slogans of 'we want justice', the protestors tried to forcibly enter the Hyderabad House but were blocked by a large contingent of Delhi police.
The Indian and International media contingent, which was waiting on the lawns of Hyderabad House to proceed to the room where the two leaders were to make media statements, were prevented by the security personnel from viewing the protest. The protestors were eventually removed from the spot.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Europes bank bail-in rules change game© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63b6de76-31c9-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telangana to set up 2 more aerospace parks in HyderabadTelangana to set up 2 more aerospace parks in Hyderabad
KV Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 16:  
The Telangana government will establish two more aerospace parks in Hyderabad. Telangana IT Minister K Taraka Rama Rao said each park would have 1,000 acres each.
He was addressing the Aeronautical Society of India conference here on Tuesday.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Trend-following funds back in fashion© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad69bec6-3cff-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ten cases where foreign M&As have destroyed wealthYou are here: Home > Collections > Diageo
Ten cases where foreign M&As have destroyed wealth
ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
M&As
(Most of India Inc’s big-ticket…)
Mumbai: To achieve scale, companies have to step outside and expand. But doing so may not necessarily add to shareholders' wealth: India Inc has hardly been able to create value for its shareholders through its inorganic expansion abroad.
Most of India Inc's big-ticket overseas acquisitions in the past five to seven years have, in fact, corroded wealth. The reasons for this range from high leverage taken to acquire a company, adverse changes in business cycle, or simply, failure to turn around a loss-making unit.
Tata Steel-Corus
Tata Steel acquired Corus, four times its size, for $12.04 billion in 2006. The valuation was more than one- and-a half times its initial offer and was paid mainly through debt.
Eight years down the line, Corus hasn't contributed much to Tata Steel's earnings. The European business was loss-making till FY13 and has not yet shown strong signs of a turn around.
Hindalco-Novelis
Hindalco acquired Canadian company Novelis for $6 billion in 2007, making the combined entity the world's largest rolled-aluminium producer.
However, the high leverage, resulting from the acquisition and the slowdown in aluminium demand, post acquisition, have led to the company's stock stagnating at the same level, adding nothing to its value.
United Spirits (USL) - Whyte & Mackay
USL had acquired UK-based Whyte & Mackay in 2007 for close to 540 million pounds with funds raised through foreign currency debt. USL, in turn, was acquired in November 2012 by Diageo, which had to sell Whyte & Mackay in May 2014 to avoid competition regulations in Europe.
The sale fetched 430 million pounds, much less than what USL had spent to acquire it. Diageo, thereby, reported Rs 4,321.6 crore as goodwill impairment in USL's books for FY14. The stock has fallen by 18 per cent since April 2014.
Indian Hotels - Acquisitions
In the past five years, India's largest hospitality company Indian Hotels' consolidated operations have been impacted due to its loss-making international operations as the company has not been able to increase its average room rates of these properties.
For instance, the average room rate of the company's property in Boston (Taj Boston) has been almost flat in the past one year ($272). Consequently, its consolidated losses have grown to Rs 523 crore from Rs 122 crore in the past five years ending FY14.
Tata Chemicals
Tata Chemicals' $1-billion acquisition of General Chemicals in 2008 to become the world's second largest soda ash player hasn't really brought much cheer to its shareholders so far, as the company's market capitalisation hasn't changed much since the acquisition in 2008.
The company suffered as its debt burden mounted with the steady depreciation of the rupee. In 2010, it also acquired British Salt for 93 million pounds, in addition to the acquisition of Rallis in India from other group companies. The company also took some write-downs in its overseas assets.
Renuka Sugars - Brazil Sugar Plants
Shree Renuka Sugars acquired two loss-making Brazilian sugar companies in FY10 in a debt-funded deal. The acquisition led to its debt bulging by more than five times by the end of FY12. The company was unable to turn around the units as global sugar prices remained subdued due to surplus production leading to lower realisations.
Besides, depreciation of the Brazilian real and the rupee meant higher interest outgo for dollar-denominated loans. To pare its debt, the company raised nearly $200 million by offering 27.5 per cent stake to Wilmar International.
Suzlon - REpower
Suzlon, the world's fifth largest wind turbine maker, continued to face challenging times after the debt-funded acquisition of Senvion (formerly known as REpower) in 2007. At the same time, its debt-servicing ability hit a wall after global demand environment collapsed due to the financial crisis.
An increase in its working capital requirement and debt on account of REpower acquisition led to its total debt increasing to Rs 17,053 crore at the end of FY14 compared with Rs 5,164 crore in FY07.
Fortis Health- Acquisitions
Between 2010 and 2013, Fortis Healthcare expanded inorganically, venturing into regions like Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Singapore and Canada. The acquisitions strained its finances and increased interest cost on the debt pile, hurting its bottom line. A change in strategy — shifting focus from global expansion to the domestic market — helped the company return to the black.
It deleveraged itself by selling most of the foreign assets and raising funds through preferential allotment and institutional placement offering. The stock of Fortis Healthcare jumped over 10 per cent on Monday on news of the company divesting its Singapore-based diagnostics business.
Pharma - Overseas Acquisitions
European acquisitions made by domestic pharma companies like Dr Reddy's Labs acquiring German company Betapharm, and Wockhardt buying French firm Negma have yielded little for their shareholders. DRL had even listed its experience and learning from the Betapharm acquisition on its website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apollo Hospitals in talks to acquire Hetero PharmacyApollo Hospitals in advanced talks to acquire Hetero Pharmacy
Raji Reddy Kesireddy, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Apollo operates 1,632 pharmacy…)
HYDERABAD: Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd, which runs the country's largest hospital and pharmacy chains, is in advanced talks to buy Hyderabad-based retail pharmacy chain Hetero Pharmacy, two people with knowledge of development said.
If it goes through, the deal could fetch Hetero Pharmacy around Rs 300 crore. Apollo operates 1,632 pharmacy stores across the country, while Hetero Pharmacy owns 250 outlets spread across Andhra Pradesh , Telangana and Tamil Nadu . "Apollo is looking at aggressively adding more stores both through organic and inorganic routes," one of the people quoted above said.
The other person said due diligence exercise is currently on. "The deal, which could be valued at around Rs 300 crore, would help Apollo consolidate its pharmacy business and augment profitability," this person said.
A senior executive at Hetero group confirmed that the talks are on. "We are looking at exiting the pharmacy business owing to pressure on profit margins due to drug price regulations by the government, which have led to a sharp fall in prices of more than 400 drugs," the executive said. "The transaction is expected to be closed in a couple of months and we expect to receive sale proceeds by the year-end."
A senior executive at Apollo Hospitals acknowledged that the new drug price control rules, which put a ceiling on prices of some essential medicines, were compressing profit margins of the retail pharmacy industry.
"There is high potential for growth in this sector for large organised players like us with superior scale of operations. Relatively smaller players like Hetero will find it difficult to stay afloat, offering an opportunity for players like us to grow inorganically," the executive said.
Shobana Kamineni, executive vice-chairperson at Apollo Hospitals and in-charge of its pharmacy business, refused comment, directing this reporter to the group Chief Financial Officer Krishnan Akhileswaran, who also declined to give details.
An analyst with a Mumbaibased brokerage, who had interacted with the Apollo Hospitals' management recently, said, "The management has indicated plans to add at least 240 stores over the next two years and expects the pharmacy revenues to grow at nearly 23% a year to reach around Rs 1,670 crore by March 2015 from Rs 1,364 crore in fiscal to March 2014." Apollo Pharmacy earns nearly 80% of its sales from prescription drugs and the balance from wellness products including private labels.
Nitin Agarwal, analyst with IDFC Securities, said if it works out, the deal will be the first in India's organised retail pharmacy space in recent years.
"Apollo Pharmacy is already strong in southern India and this acquisition, if it is happening, will help them to further strengthen their presence," he said. "Challenges in the organised retail pharmacy business are that its profitability margins are relatively low as the fixed costs are fairly high and there is significant competition given that there are multiple mom and pop shops."
India has around 8 lakh pharmacies and about 60,000 distributors. According to some estimates, the retail pharmacy market is valued at around Rs 80,000 crore. Of this, the organised market accounts for less than 5% at around Rs 3,000 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Piramal leads race to buy 3 highway projects of Ramky InfraYou are here: Home > Collections
Ajay Piramal Group leads race to buy 3 highway projects of Ramky Infrastructure
Sabarinath M & CR Sukumar, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Piramal group
(Piramal group has emerged…)
MUMBAI/HYDERABAD: The Ajay Piramal group has emerged as the front runner to purchase three highway projects of Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure, signaling that cash-rich investors are keen on infusing life into the battered roads sector amid the Narendra Modi government's overall push to revive infrastructure as it looks to boost the economy.
The structured investment group of the real estate to financial services conglomerate owned by billionaire Piramal has signed a non-binding agreement and started final due diligence, said two persons with direct knowledge of the deal.
The group "has signed a nonbinding agreement to buy ownership of Ramky Eslamex Hyderabad Ring Road, Sehore Kosmi Tollways and NAM Expressway," said one of the persons cited above.
The diversified business conglomerate plans to purchase a majority 51% stake and take management control with an investment horizon of more than six years as part of its strategy to acquire such projects that could see it becoming the country's biggest roads operator.
Piramal is betting that the sector will recover after sluggish progress during the previous UPA administration due to legal and bureaucratic hurdles. The Modi government wants to get infrastructure projects moving again as it seeks to put India on an accelerated growth track. The Piramal group is targeting a 16% return from investments in road projects and has teamed up with SBI Caps to identify assets it can acquire. An Piramal spokesperson declined to comment on what it said was market speculation.
The deal, which will help Ramky retire some of its Rs 2,700 crore debt, is likely to be finalised at a valuation of Rs 700-750 crore. "Given the current fall in traffic flows and trimmed down traffic projections, Ramky Infrastructure expects a combined valuation of around Rs 720 crore for its equity investments in these three road assets as against some Rs 900 crore expected a few months back," said a senior executive with Ramky Infra.
Many developers borrowed heavily to build road assets but later ran into problems due to falling toll collections. About 200 road projects with a combined equity investment of Rs 60,000 crore are up for sale as promoters face liquidity problems after the economic downturn squeezed toll collections, throwing business plans out of gear. Ramky owns all of Ramky Eslamex and Sehore Kosmi, while having a 50% stake in NAM Expressway, with IL&FS holding the rest.
Founded in 1994, Ramky Infrastructure is primarily engaged in water and wastewater, irrigation, lift irrigation, dams and barrages. It also constructs shopping malls, apart from residential and commercial buildings.
The Ajay Piramal group is close to finalising six transactions worth Rs 2,000 crore. The group plans to bring road assets under a common umbrella by appointing a separate management team headed by a chief operating officer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra & Mahindra in talks to buy Peugeot s scooter unitSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: After a choppy start in the two-wheeler space, Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), India's largest utility vehicle maker, is in talks with European automobile major — PSA Peugeot Citroen, for a tie-up in the scooter space, three people close to the development told ET.
M&M has been engaged in a discussion with Peugeot for several months. The discussions revolve around sharing technology and a distribution tie-up across geographies, both in Europe and India and other emerging markets.
"M&M's keen interest lies in vehicle platform, hybrid and electric technology and for Peugeot it may be to get a toe-hold into India through two wheelers at a relatively lower cost and expand later into the car segment. There is a growing market for premium twowheelers in the country and Peugeot scooters could be ideal fit for present and for the future," said one of the three people in the know of development requesting anonymity.
When contacted, M&M's spokesperson said, "As a matter of policy, we do not comment on speculation." The French car maker in an official response to ET said, "PSA has no comment."
The French automobile company last April, in a presentation unveiled 'Back in the Race', a plan that aims to accelerate the recovery of the group. "This roadmap clearly includes Peugeot Scooters. The specific activity plan will be presented in the coming weeks," the spokesperson for the group told ET.
According to a newswire agency the scooter business of PSA has been loss making for over a decade. In 2013, it sold 79,000 vehicles which was a gain of 8.2%. The unit employs nearly 500 people in France and 300 people at a joint venture in China.
Back in Europe, Peugeot has been facing stiff competition from the European scooter leader Piaggio. At the end of 2012, PSA closed an engine plant for the scooter business concentrating production at a factory in Mandeure in eastern France.
Part of its turnaround plan was the three-wheeled Metropolis, which was introduced last year. The original target of making 7,000 units a year has been scaled back to 4,000, reported the newswire.
The agency added, Carlos Tavares, CEO of PSA Peugeot Citroen said on French radio RTL on September 14 that the scooters business was a drag on the group and a solution to end the burden was in the works.
Another person in the know of the development said "there is a small chance of Peugeot wanting to sell off the scooter business. Instead, they want to improve their business and make it sustainable. A tie-up with M&M may be one of the options. Both Goenka and Tavares already share a very good working relationship (thanks to the past Mahindra Renault tie-up). Both of them have had a several rounds of discussion already."
In a recent interaction with ET, Pawan Goenka, ED, Mahindra & Mahindra, said, M&M is always interested and is open for M&A opportunities in the automotive space.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Market run-ups are tricky  move with caution on your equity playbull market
(The emergence of domestic…)
MUMBAI: Several investment advisors are asking individual investors to exercise caution. They believe that retail investors should take a cue from the cautious approach that has been adopted by long-term institutional investors and trade carefully in the current market, as speculation has driven up valuations a bit. The emergence of domestic financial institutions and mutual funds as the main buyers in the market and foreign institutions sitting on sidelines has clearly unnerved these experts. FIIs have been the driving force in the market for some time.
"Obviously when they become cautious, others tend to become very cautious. But investors should remember that it is natural for any investor to become cautious when the market runs up substantially ," says Mukesh Dedhia, director, Ghalla & Bhansali Securities. "You will never become a good investor if you don't know when to be cautious in the market. But that doesn't mean that individual investors should hit the panic button. The market has so much steam left and they should buy in dips and should stick to their equity allocation."
Tread with Caution
The current bull market has caused heartburn to a small set of market participants who view the rally with a bit of trepidation. "It is not fun watching obscure companies rallying, as it is a clear indication that there is no logic behind the current bull run. That's why, I view FII attitude with a lot concern, as they tend to pick stocks with a longterm view," says a wealth manager who does not want to be named. "Also, domestic institutions pumping in a lot of money clearly indicate that retail investors are getting back to the market and lot of money is chasing stocks. That is not great news," he adds.
He also says that he has told his clients to not go overboard with their equity allocation at this point of time. Gul Tekchandani , an investment expert, says it is anybody's guess that the market will correct itself whenever it gains substantially ."The market will correct. It is a natural course," says Tekchandani. "Retail investors should not try to play the market at this juncture. They should look at the businesses and valuations before picking up stocks and they should be ready to wait for sometime before realising the profits," he adds.
You can Still Make Money
Dedhia says FIIs have slowed down because of a variety of reasons like quantitative easing , tepid performance of other Asian markets and the referendum in Scotland . Of course, nobody also sees Indian stocks as cheap anymore. After the recent run up, most shares are a bit stretched on the valuation front, say experts. "Remember, the current rally was built on expectations. The real action will happen when all these expectations will materialise," says Dedhia, who believes that market will rise much higher when there will be an interest rate cut subsequent to a fall in inflation.
"Don't panic and do something silly like taking money out of the market. Go ahead with your equity allocation plans. Remember, you have just reached the airport, you haven't boarded the flight and the flight hasn't taken off for you to reach your destination," he says with unbridled optimism.
Experts say that the current discourse in the market is centred around punters and individual investors shouldn't look for tips from them. "The talk of valuation, picking stocks carefully, slowing down investments, taking cash out and so on are meant for hardcore investors. I don't think any regular individual investor should be concerned about it," says Dedhia, who believes that investors who have a full time job won't find time to do any of it. Experts like him feel that individuals should continue with their investments in mutual funds with a good performance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FMCG  pharma back in demand as large MFs lap up stocks in AugYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
FMCG, pharma back in demand as large MFs lap up stocks in August
Nikhil Walavalkar & Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Sep 17, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
August portfolio
(In the past nine months,…)
Mumbai: A sift through the August portfolio of mutual funds shows the return of FMCG and pharma stocks in new purchases. According to data provided by mutual fund tracking firm Value Research stocks such as Nestle , Dabur , Jyothy Laboratories and Aurobindo Pharma have emerged as new purchases by large fund houses such as Axis, Reliance and DSP BlackRock.
This can be attributed to the rally in cyclical companies, which are yet to show visible improvements in business fundamentals. "The first-quarter financial performance of Corporate India was disappointing," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities. "Investors have realised that the rally in cyclical companies were driven more on sentiment rather than visible improvement in business fundamentals of companies."
In the past nine months, companies in cyclical sectors such as infrastructure, banks and capital goods generated high investor interest. This brought about a considerable rally in companies in these sectors.
For instance, the stock of construction company Sadbhav Engineering has jumped four times in the last one year to Rs 244. Due to this rally, experts point out that stocks in cyclical sectors have moved beyond their intrinsic values.
"Though investors have not sold off all their investments in cyclical stocks, there is some shift towards defensive stocks, which is a natural course of action for fund managers," said Kotak Securities' Shah.
Also, the valuation of pharmaceutical companies is one of the main reasons companies in the sector feature in the list of new purchases. "Valuations of pharmaceutical companies have been more attractive than most FMCG companies," said Niranjan Risbood, director of fund research at Morningstar India.
"Pharmaceuticals companies have been showing better sales and profits growth than FMCG. This justifies investments in pharmaceutical companies... Besides valuations, defensive stocks fall lesser than cyclicals, which have rallied considerably in the last nine months."
With regard to exits, fund houses have been bearish on metals and mining companies and in particular tyre companies. Fund houses such as Sundaram, SBI and IDFC have exited tyre manufacturing companies such as Apollo Tyres, Ceat and Goodyear India.
Besides this, fund houses have also sold metals and mining companies such as MOIL, Tata Metaliks, Tata Sponge Iron and Usha Martin. "The outlook on ore companies has been bearish since the time demand for ore and other metals reduced from China. This has impacted a large number of metal companies in India," said a fund manager with a leading brokerage on condition of anonymity. "Besides, these commodity companies have rallied significantly in the present bull run, presenting little scope for upside.
FEATURED ARTICLES

8 smartphones in the Rs 5 000-Rs 7 000 rangeSmartphones in Rs 5,000-Rs 7,000 range
17 Sep, 2014
Tweet
ET Bureau
Don't want to spend too much on a smartphone that you may want to change in a year? With technology getting better by the day, it makes sense for many people to spend economically on smartphones that may well become outdated in a year.
With super-budget smartphones offering a plethora of features, we look at eight smartphones you should consider in the Rs 5,000-Rs 7,000 range:

Expect 2 million Android One handsets to be sold in 2014: MediaTekAmazon
(MediaTek has partnered…)
NEW DELHI: Buoyed by the initial response to Android One smartphones, chip maker MediaTek today said it expects as many as two million handsets to be sold this year in India, the world's second largest market for mobile phones.
The Taiwan-headquartered company has partnered with US-based tech giant Google on Android One, an initiative to provide a family of high-quality, yet affordable Android devices for consumers in emerging markets like India.
Yesterday, Google launched three devices in partnership with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice under the Android One initiative. India is the first country to have the Android One handets, priced at Rs 6,399 onwards.
"We expect 1.5 to 2 million Android One handsets to be sold this year in India," MediTek VP (US Business Development) Mohit Bhushan told PTI when asked about the his expectations on the sale of the handsets.
With prices starting at Rs 6,399, the hardware and software being provided on Android One will give users an amazing experience, he added.
The first set of Android One devices feature MediaTek's MT6582 mobile System-on-Chip (SoC), which is based on quad ARM CortexTM A7 processors.
The processors deliver superior multi-tasking performance and excellent sustained performance-per-watt for a premium mobile experience.
When asked about the impact on Android One on the smartphone market, Bhushan said: "In the short term, there can be disruptions. But, this will eventually lead to handset makers not part of Android One to invest on innovating the mobile experience."
He added that companies will have to realise that Android One will give users an unmatched device experience at affordable prices and for them to match it, they will have to follow suit.
With Android One, Google aims to win customers in the world's fastest growing smartphone market with low prices and better quality software.
Currently, many affordable smartphones in India already offer customised versions of the Android operating system.
In case of Android One, the eventual software upgrades on the Android One phones would come directly from Google. This would give Google better control of the operating system and ensure users get a consistent service.
Reports suggest, an initial lot of Micromax Canvas A1 handsets, that were put up for sale on Amazon , were sold out.
PwC India Leader (Telecom) Mohammad Chowdhury said: "The festive season regularly sees an uptick in handset sales and we should expect this in the next few months. In particular there is hot competition in the segment priced from Rs 7,000 upwards."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Intex unveils lowest priced KitKat smartphone Aqua T2 at Rs 2 699Intex unveils lowest priced KitKat smartphone Aqua T2 at Rs 2,699
By ET Bureau | 16 Sep, 2014, 02.41PM IST
0
Share More
Available in two premium colors - black & grey - the phone can be purchased exclusively from Flipkart.com, the handset vendor said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Intex Technologies Tuesday launched its lowest priced Android KitKat smartphone, called Aqua T2 in the country at Rs 2,699.
Available in two premium colors - black & grey - the phone can be purchased exclusively from Flipkart.com, the handset vendor said in a statement.
"Amongst all handsets offering 4.4 Kitkat OS today, this one is definitely the lowest in the price segment and it comes with a 3.5 inch screen coupled with a 2G network," Sanjay Kumar Kalirona, mobile business head, Intex Technologies, said in the statement.
The Android KitKat 4.4 powered smartphone is powered by a 1.3 GHz dual-core processor and 256 MB RAM. It features a 3.5 inch display and comes equipped with 2MP rear camera with flash and VGA front camera.
The dual SIM 2G phone comes equipped with 512 MB memory and 1200mAh Li-ion battery.
On the connectivity side, it features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi and offers video calling capability over Wi-Fi. The device also features FM Radio and comes with preloaded games and apps.

How the United States Fed s guidance on rates has evolvedHow the US Fed's guidance on rates has evolved
By AP | 17 Sep, 2014, 01.08AM IST
READ MORE ON » US Fed
Every six weeks or so, after the Fed holds a policy meeting, it issues a statement containing guidance to financial world on when it might raise rates.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: "Extended period." 6.5 per cent unemployment. "Considerable time."
Every six weeks or so, after the Federal Reserve holds a policy meeting, it issues a statement containing guidance to the financial world on when it might raise interest rates.
It's a moment of great expectation for investors and economists.
The language the Fed has used has steadily evolved since it cut its benchmark short-term rate to a record low in 2008. On Wednesday, after the Fed's latest meeting ends, it may or may not retain its most recent guidance: That it expects to keep its short-term rate near zero for a "considerable time" after it stops buying Treasurys and mortgage bonds. Those purchases are set to end in November.
Here's a look at how the Fed's guidance has evolved since late 2008:
DECEMBER 2008:
The Fed reduces its target for short-term rates to a record low of zero to 0.25 per cent, where it's remained for nearly six years.
MARCH 2009:
With short-term rates as low as they can go, the Fed begins what it calls "forward guidance" to convince markets that rates will remain low for a long time. The hope is that bond investors will then keep long-term borrowing rates low to help nurture the economy. After this meeting, the Fed says it thinks "economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period."
AUGUST 2011:
After using the "extended period" language for more than two years, the Fed changes its guidance to use a date for the first time. It says it thinks "economic conditions _ including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run _ are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through mid-2013." At subsequent meetings, that target date is extended "through mid-2015."
DECEMBER 2012:
The Fed scraps the target date. Instead, it pegs any change in rates to further declines in the unemployment rate. Its statement says it thinks exceptionally low rates "will be appropriate for at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5 per cent." At the time, the unemployment was 7.9 per cent.
DECEMBER 2013:
After steady declines in unemployment, which Chair Janet Yellen and some other officials thought overstated the job market's health, the Fed says it expects to keep its short-term rate low "well past the time that the unemployment rate declines below 6.5 per cent." Unemployment was then 6.7 per cent.
MARCH 2014:
The Fed drops any link to a specific level of unemployment. It explains: "With the unemployment rate near 6.5 per cent, the committee has updated its forward guidance." It says it thinks the ultra-low short-term rate will be needed "for a considerable time" after its monthly bond purchases end. Those purchases are expected to end in November. The Fed retains this language at its April, June and August meetings.

Syndicate Bank case: Accused sent to CBI custodyAccused surrenders, sent to CBI custody in Syndicate bank case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 19:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
Alleged middleman Purshottam Totlani, who was evading arrest in a bribery case in which he along with Syndicate Bank CMD Sudhir Kumar Jain and others are accused, was on Wednesday sent to two-day police custody by a special court after he surrendered before it.
Totlani surrendered before Special CBI Judge Swarana Kanta Sharma who sent him to CBI custody till September 19 after the agency said he was required for custodial interrogation in the case.
CBI prosecutor argued that there was enough incriminating evidence to connect Totlani with the case and the intercepted conversation shows his involvement in the conspiracy.
Totlani had earlier filed an anticipatory bail plea in the court which was dismissed on the ground that his custodial interrogation was required to unearth the entire conspiracy and to know about the trail of alleged bribe.
The court had also observed that Totlani had moved the anticipatory bail plea only after proceedings under section 82 of CrPC (proclamation for person absconding) was initiated against him.
It had noted that despite issuance of non-bailable warrant against Totlani twice, he had not joined the investigation.
During the day's hearing, the court also heard arguments on the bail plea of Bhushan Steel Vice Chairman and Managing Director Neeraj Singal, who was also an accused in the case.
CBI prosecutor opposed Singal's bail plea on the ground that he played a major role in the entire conspiracy and the court has already dismissed the bail pleas of some co-accused who have a lesser role in the case.
The prosecutor argued that if released on bail, Singal may flee from justice and tamper with the evidence.
Lots of evidence is yet to be collected in the case, the prosecutor said while opposing the bail plea.
Senior advocate Siddharth Luthra, who was appearing for Singal, sought bail for his client on the ground that there was no evidence against him in the case and he has been in custody for over a month now.
The court has now fixed the matter for September 23 for hearing further arguments on the bail plea.
Singal was arrested by CBI on August 7, hours after the court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him and Totlani. Singal is currently in judicial custody along with other arrested accused.
S K Jain , CMD of Prakash Industries Ved Prakash Agarwal, Singal and various other accused were arrested by the CBI in connection with the case. The arrested accused are currently in judicial custody till September 24.
They were arrested in connection with two separate graft cases in which CBI had booked them under the Prevention of Corruption Act and for the charge of criminal conspiracy under the IPC.
On August 2, CBI had arrested some of the accused in connection with the case and claimed to have recovered Rs 21 lakh in cash from Jain's residence besides gold worth Rs 1.68 crore and documents of fixed deposits of up to Rs 63 lakh.
The agency has filed two cases against Jain, accusing him of receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of laid-down procedures.

Beauty and terror divide ScotsBeauty and terror divide Scots
By John McDermott in Aberdeen
Scots are crumbling in the granite city. Outside his dark stone house, Roger White apologises for his tears, explaining that the independence referendum “has torn my family apart”. Like one of his three daughters, the former civil servant is voting No; his partner and their other two daughters are voting Yes. Across Aberdeen, beneath the towers of the Tillydrone housing estate, Alison Alphonse, a sales manager, complains of insomnia. “I feel sick. I can’t sleep. I just want to know the answer.”
All she knows is the question: should Scotland be an independent country? As many as 4m Scots will today give their verdict. It has been a fraught two years since the UK and Scottish governments agreed on the terms of the referendum. Gradually, then suddenly, the idea of secession has encased Scots like an Aberdeen fog. The descendants of the “sober, grave religious people” Daniel Defoe found on his inspection of the nascent union in 1723 are on the rack.
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
In its fervour, Scotland has surprised itself, as well as the rest of the world. Flags and campaign posters are now the paraphernalia of the public space. Hundreds of thousands of Scots have had their say on social media and in town halls. The referendum chat – why wouldn’t you want to be free? what currency would we use? – resounds as background noise. Ninety-seven per cent of the electorate is registered to vote. In Tillydrone, the only person eligible but not voting is a Polish immigrant, who came to Scotland six months ago. “It means too much to Scots,” he says, “but thank you for asking me to vote.”
When there is beauty in Scottish history, terror is never far away, reflected Donald Dewar in 1999, a year before his death deprived Scotland’s newly opened devolved parliament of its founding statesman. The narrowing of the polls has scared those who believe in the abiding power of the 307-year-old union. “No one in their wildest imagination would have thought this would happen”, says a veteran petroleum engineer. He joined the No campaign last month, after one poll showed the Yes side ahead. “This is a renegade operation,” he says, “a patriotic fightback.”
There is reason as well as passion in the land of the philosopher David Hume. In the 20th century, Scotland’s economic axis shifted from the industrial west to the east, to Edinburgh’s financiers and North Sea hydrocarbons. The Scottish National party’s vision for the country’s future relies on oil revenues. Like most independent analysts, Aberdonian oil men are sceptical of the party’s forecasts. “My whole life has been in oil,” the petroleum engineer says, showing the phantom digit in his right hand where a tenth finger sat before an on-site accident, “and I know it’s in decline.” Bill Sinclair, a small-business owner, adds that “I’m not an economist but I know that two plus two can never equal five.”
“Independence would tip a company like ours over the edge”, Mr Sinclair says, citing the extra costs of trading with suppliers in England. If Scotland were to vote Yes, he says he would put money earmarked for investment in his business into his eight-year-old son’s savings account. And yet his unionism is visceral, too. “My father fought for the Allies, my grandfather fought in World War One. Nothing can diminish my Scottishness but I don’t want to be divorced from the feeling of being British.”
A poll published on Tuesday by Opinium found half of Scots believed the referendum has been divisive. Scots are split on the question of division. Yes voters generally believe the referendum has brought Scots together. The volunteers in Aberdeen are convinced the only way to a fairer society is via independence. “Change can never come from Westminster,” one says. They mistrust politicians and the media, a simmering sentiment that has sometimes boiled over. But most Scots believe Yes has had the more positive message, according to polls. “Why would anyone vote No?” a Tillydrone resident asks. “Things can’t get any worse.”
In the northeast, there is an onshore-offshore divide redolent of the class and age gaps in the rest of the country. Grizzled engineers are voting No; doughty rig workers are for Yes. Some Scots, particularly No voters, feel there will be wounds to salve. They see a Yes side led by lying Alex Salmond, not a movement. “It started off about separation from the UK,” says Jodie Buchan, “and it has ended up dividing Scots.” The communications executive says that “Every part of my life – work, school, playground, family – has been scarred by the referendum.”
A result is hours away, but it is the UK, not Scotland, on the verge of breaking up. Scotland was a nation before the union and it will be a nation after the votes are counted. From the 10th century, when the cry of “Albanaich!” (Scotsmen!) was heard on the battlefield, to the 21st, when the poems of Robert Burns are recited every January from Canberra to California, Scots’ identity has not required statehood. Scots are pitched against each other but they will always all be Scots.
All an exhausted nation knows is that the UK will change after Thursday. The leaders of the biggest Westminster parties, whose chronic decline the referendum has brought into acute focus, have promised more devolution. The stakes are so high that unionists have admitted defeat to try to rescue victory. Only in the final days have they amplified the voices of those such as Mr Sinclair: “I am a patriot but I am not a nationalist.” These are fighting words; they are also those of an epitaph.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Shortfalls likely to emerge from ECB testCapital shortfalls likely to emerge from unprecedented ECB probe
By Sam Fleming and Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb55effa-3e54-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salmond hails greatest campaign on eve of pollSalmond rallies supporters for ‘exciting day’ on eve of poll
By Kiran Stacey in Perth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8725b6d4-3ead-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jump-start for the Aim marketSeptember 17, 2014 7:46 pm
Aim market gets in gear as brokers cash in on IPOs
By Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1fe94dea-3e4f-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EM slide - is next taper tantrum startingShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
EM slide - is next taper tantrum starting?
Sep 17, 2014 : Emerging market stocks are suffering their longest slide in a decade. James Kynge, emerging markets editor, discusses with capital markets correspondent Elaine Moore the factors behind the falling popularity of EM assets and whether an end is in sight.

Corporate pressure on NFL mountsCorporate pressure on NFL mounts
By Neil Munshi in Chicago
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/008d8924-3ebe-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans trade deficit unexpectedly narrowsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Sony shares fall 12% after profit warningAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Daily aspirin cuts risk of cancerDaily aspirin cuts risk of cancer and premature death
By Clive Cookson, Science Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/541af962-1c97-11e4-88c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stem cell scientist found deadAuthor of disputed stem cell paper found dead
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a9707be-1c87-11e4-88c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UP bypoll losers allege sabotage  BJP to probeA relative of BJP candidate Geeta Singh, who came in third from Charkhari, said that several party leaders refused to campaign for her.
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:44 am
The BJP leadership will look into complaints received from party candidates who lost the bypolls in UP after they alleged that infighting and lack of support from local MPs and party workers led to the debacle.
Party sources said that a reply will be sought from local leaders and MPs if the complaints are found to be true. BJP lost seven Assembly seats, which it had won in 2012, to the Samajwadi Party in the bypolls.
“We have received complaints from various constituencies that local leaders and MPs did not cooperate with party candidates. We will investigate and take action accordingly,” a party leader said.
Senior party leaders Wednesday held a meeting with presidents and organisation secretaries of all eight regions in Lucknow to discuss the issue of the party’s defeat in seven seats.
After the poll results, BJP candidate from Sirathu, Santosh Singh Patel, had told The Indian Express that BJP leaders Keshav Maurya, Sanjay Gupta and Ajay Tripathi “campaigned against” him. Patel said he intended to complain to the top brass.
BJP candidate from Nighasan, Ram Kumar Verma, and the candidate from Balha, Akshaibar Lal, made similar allegations. “Local MP Savitri Bai Phule openly opposed my candidature and her supporters campaigned against me. She did this because the party denied a ticket to her uncle,” Lal said.
Others who aired similar woes included BJP candidate Rajpal Singh Chauhan (Thak-urdawara), Hemendra Pal (Bijnor) and Jagdish Prasad (Ha-mirpur). The leaders blamed infighting for their defeat and said that they intended to complain to the party leadership.
A relative of BJP candidate Geeta Singh, who came in third from Charkhari, said that several party leaders refused to campaign for her.
Geeta’s brother-in-law also claimed that Union minister Uma Bharti, who was elected MLA from Charkhari in 2012, did not turn up to campaign for Geeta.
A BJP leader in New Delhi said, “The party had decided not to give tickets to the kin of those who were elected. It was a policy. But there have been complaints that those who were miffed at ticket distribution did not work for the candidates.”
Privately, some leaders also acknowledged that the ‘love jihad’ campaign hurt the BJP’s prospects. They said that during the campaign ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, many statements from SP leaders, seemingly meant to “please the minority community”, had helped the BJP consolidate Hindu votes. “But in these elections, SP leaders were careful not to make such remarks, while the BJP leaders’ campaign on love jihad annoyed the general public,” he said.
A section of the leaders also felt that the absence of leaders such as Rajnath Singh and Varun Gandhi from the electoral scene sent “confusing” signals and their supporters stayed away from the active campaign. While rumours continued…

Moment of truth: Floods expose the great divide in J-Kprint
Flood-affected Kashmiri residents ride on an Indian Army raft in Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Many Kashmiris, Hindu and Muslim, know the story of  Jalodbhava (he who is borne on water), a demon who once terrorised the people of Satisar, a great lake of unified legend, which supposedly once sprawled across what is today the Valley of Kashmir. “The flood in Kashmir has turned to reality not just Satisar but Jalodbhava,” said writer Basharat Peer to the Hindi newspaper Amar Ujala earlier this week.
In modern India, legend is often invoked to provide perspective, to help understand people and present-day truths better. The problem is that in India, and particularly in the troubled land of Jammu and Kashmir, whatever is true, the opposite is also true.  Conflicting truths create new, more divisive beliefs and will eventually evolve divided legends.
So it is with Kashmir’s great flood of 2014, the worst the Valley has witnessed in more than a century. More than 200 are dead, half a million homeless and the fate of those in villages unknown. It is true that the armed forces and the National Disaster Relief Force are doing the best they can, rescuing more than 200,000 people. It is equally true that the same number are surviving — or not — by their wits and the determination of tenacious volunteers, many of whom have flown in to Srinagar and become part of an informal rescue militia. “What I have witnessed...is apocalyptic,” Mumbai-based actor Aamir Bashir tweeted.
 It is true that the state government, shaky at the best of times, has collapsed, so enfeebled that it initially could not even pick up the tonnes of relief equipment piling up at air bases. It is equally true that the floods were so extensive that the best of governments would have struggled to cope — and subcontinental administrations are ill-prepared at the best of times.
It is true that there have been many ill-timed, condescending and depressingly gleeful demands that Kashmiris should be grateful, demands that were never made of Uttarakhandis last year and will not be made of others who suffer the vagaries of India’s great rivers. It is equally true that in some cases, frustrated or hostile locals flung stones at rescue helicopters and airdropped relief material was ripped apart in a separatist stronghold. It is true that India has seen many floods before this one, that millions have lived through such trauma. It is equally true that none of that matters — or should —  to the traumatised people of Jammu and Kashmir.
Natural calamities are times of great truth, of togetherness, of closing ranks, of forgetting hatred and bitterness. Unfortunately, the Jammu and Kashmir floods initially appeared to be enhancing the bitterness between Kashmiris and other Indians. As the Indian government first scrambled to react to the rising rivers, some said that the floods were an opportunity, a great chance at redemption. Many locals who benefitted from the rescue efforts of the armed forces certainly might feel that way, but the broad indications were that these hopes of reconciliation were waning, as some made sure the truth was twisted.
On September 15, according to an ANI report, separatist Yasin Malik yanked sick women off an army boat and urged his supporters to chase rescuers away. On the same day, according to the Press Trust of India, Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad workers in the town of Ujjain in central India, menaced Jawaharlal Kaul (a Kashmiri Hindu), vice-chancellor of Vikram University, and ransacked his office — all because he had appealed to townsfolk to waive rents for mostly Muslim Kashmiri students.
There was loud suspicion at a time that required swift, silent action. Fortunately, some have demonstrated just this kind of action. There are modest teams of citizens quietly at work, at times rescuing even potential rescuers. Journalist Shujaat Bukhari reported how his team of volunteers delivered medicine to the Central Reserve Police Force’s marooned 177th Battalion in Srinagar.
A prominent example of disparate people quietly coming together is jkfloodrelief.org, an initiative conceived by Kashmiris, local and expat, and supported across India by diverse individuals and organisations. One of those driving this citizen-led effort is Raheel Khursheed, Twitter India’s head of news and politics. Among the organisations that have come together under the website and hashtag #jkfloodrelief are Twitter, Facebook, Google, the Indian Army, Indigo, Air India and Spicejet, all airlines, Biocon, a Bangalore-based biotechnology company, Oxfam India, Goonj and Save the Children, all charities, and the Indian Medical Association (IMA).
Social media and Internet companies collate appeals for help coming over mobile phones and word of mouth. Immediate rescue pleas are passed on to official rescue agencies, which are not yet reaching everywhere they are needed. #jkfloodrelief collection centres are now operational across India, from Jaipur to Chennai, companies, such as Biocon, are sourcing specific medicines required to cope with a feared outbreak of disease. Some organisations, such as Goonj, function as clearing houses for donations, sourcing material — from blankets to sanitary pads — and money from individuals and institutions, such as the tony Breach Candy Club in south Mumbai. The airlines fly material and medicine to Srinagar, where local volunteers and official rescuers distribute it by boat.  The IMA is flying in doctors, desperately needed now as the threat of infection grows, waters recede and debilitated Kashmiris emerge from flooded areas. Go to #jkfloodrelief and take a look at how resolute action by citizens has washed out some of the pointless bitterness and the continuing Kashmiris-must-be-grateful comments. One NDTV television reporter aboard an air force helicopter, as the Hoot, a media website, reported, thrust her microphone at shaken women who had just been winched in and asked: “Are you grateful to the army personnel who rescued you?”
It is time to discard pointless questions and comments. There is much work ahead. What happens now will decide Kashmir’s new truths and legends.
Samar Halarnkar is a Bangalore-based journalist.
The views expressed by the author are personal.

Debt-laden Bhushan Steel to explore Rs 2 500 crore asset sale to remain afloatWith Neeraj Singhal in jail, debt-laden Bhushan Steel to explore Rs 2,500 crore asset sale
Subhash Narayan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 14:51  IST
Sep 18 2014, 14:51  IST
 

Delhi woman drugged  gang-raped in moving car; two arrestedComments
A 24-year-old woman was allegedly drugged and gang-raped by two men in a moving car on Tuesday night.
Police said they arrested two men who are reportedly known to the victim. A medical examination of the woman confirmed sexual assault.
Police sources said the victim is allegedly an associate of a high-profile woman pimp who had recently filed a case of gang rape against four men at the Hauz Khas police station.
A police officer said the crime came to light at about 2am when an auto-rickshaw driver spotted the woman wandering near the Nehru Place flyover in an intoxicated condition.
As she looked dishevelled and was not able to speak properly, the three-wheeler driver suspected the woman might have been sexually assaulted. He immediately called the police control room to report the matter.
A PCR van reached the spot and rushed the woman to AIIMS. After she regained consciousness, the police recorded her statement. The woman accused two men of drugging and raping her in a moving car.
On her statement, a case of drugging and rape was registered at the Kalkaji police station. The woman said she lives in east Delhi. Her father, who died some years ago, was employed with the Delhi Police.
“On Tuesday evening, she went to the two suspects for some work. They took her along in their car and offered her a cold drink laced with sedatives. When she started feeling drowsy, the two men raped her,” said the officer, quoting the woman’s complaint.
“They dropped her at Nehru Place where she was walking and later noticed by the auto-rickshaw driver,” he added.

Scheme proposed to unlock idle goldE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Midcap IT shares in demandMidcap IT shares in demand
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:43 AM IST
Shares of midcap information technology (IT) companies are in demand and trading higher by up to 15% in morning deals on the bourses.
R S Software, Polaris Financial Technology, Hexaware Technologies, KPIT Technologies, NIIT Technologies, Nucleus Software Exports, Geometric, Infinite Computer Solutions (India) and Mastek are up 5-15% on BSE. The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex was up 0.80% at 26,843 points at 1025 hours.
Mastek has rallied 6% to Rs 337, which is also its fresh 52-week week high on BSE. In past four trading sessions, shares of IT software products maker has rallied 43% from Rs 235 on September 12, after the company announced the demerger of its insurance products and services business into a new company called Majesco.
Under the demerger scheme, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek. The new entity, Majesco, is proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE.
Polaris Financial Technology has surged 13% to Rs 262 on back of two-fold jump in trading volumes. A combined 3.35 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
Harit Shah, analyst at Karvy Stock Broking, has positive views on the Indian IT sector given strong business growth likely over the next 2-3 years.
“In our view, the biggest determinant of valuation multiples for IT stocks is US dollar revenue growth which we expect will be robust aided by strong discretionary spending in the key US market, burgeoning trends like cloud technologies, and increasing outsourcing from Europe, the second-largest market led by cost cutting imperatives,” analyst said in a report.
“With the Indian rupee not showing volatile movements, currency risk is not a concern at this point. We expect consistent expansion into newer services and markets, along with continued value proposition of Indian IT off-shoring to drive revenue growth for the sector,” he adds.
Among  other individual stocks, R S Software has surged 15% to Rs 737 on BSE. Nucleus Software Exports soared 9% to Rs 255, followed by Infinite Computer Solutions (7% at Rs 184), Hexaware Technologies and NIIT Technologies (6% each at Rs 185 and Rs 402 respectively), KPIT Technologies and Geometric (5% each at Rs 166 and Rs 150 respectively).
 

Mastek to divert bulk of cash reserves to insurance bizSep 18, 2014, 12.28 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Mastek to divert bulk of cash reserves to insurance biz
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Farid Kazani, Group CFO & Director Finance, Mastek, said the company demerged its insurance business due to different capital requirements.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mastek to divert bulk of cash reserves to insurance biz
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Farid Kazani, Group CFO & Director Finance, Mastek, said the company demerged its insurance business due to different capital requirements.
Post your opinion here
We do feel that the valuations of the insurance product business in the US are significantly different
Farid Kazani
Group CFO
Mastek
IT solutions company Mastek has been in focus with the stock moving up over 35 percent this week. The company is set to demerge its insurance business into a new company — Majesco — that would focus on software products.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Farid Kazani, Group CFO & Director Finance, Mastek , said the company demerged its insurance business due to different capital requirements.
“We do feel the valuations of insurance products business in the US are significantly different and the restructuring has been done in such a manner that the entire value chain of the insurance business comes under the US subsidiary, MajescoMastek US,” he said.
Kazani said the company will need to make necessary products investment in insurance business and there are plans to grow the business both organically and inorganically. Mastek has been looking at small-ticket acquisitions in the insurance products business in the US. The company has Rs 130 crore of cash on the books, which can be used for the purpose.
Kazani said the company may raise marginal debt in insurance business in the US at lower rates. Any fundraising in US won’t affect the India business, he said, adding that nothing has been finalised yet on the acquisition front.
Below is the transcript of Farid Kazani's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: Talking about the demerger of the insurance business – a lot of the details are now with us, we have seen the presentation on the website etc, but going forward what could the margins of the insurance business be because now its going to be a separate listed entity and how much investments would you be making into the insurance business going ahead?
A: To give the background about the rational of the company, we operate in the insurance products business and the verticals solution business and operating these two businesses under the same umbrella was having some challenges considering that both these businesses have different business model. They do have a different level of investment and capital requirement and more so even the talent pool is quite different for both these business. Hence we felt that it’s best to spi noff and demerge the insurance products business. We do feel that the valuations of the insurance product business in the US are significantly different and the restructuring has been done in such a manner that the entire value chain of the insurance business comes under the US subsidiary which is MajescoMastek, US.
Coming to your question – yes, there will be requirements for making the necessary product investment in the insurance business and there are plans to look at growing the business both organically and inorganically. There will be a requirement of funds but we do feel that there are various options available for us considering that now we will have a US base pure play insurance company. Depending upon the kind of acquisitions that we would like to build up on and we would be looking at smaller size acquisition, so depending upon that we will have some fund requirement. 
The restructuring also considers a split of the cash between the two companies; so out of the total 170 crore, we have decided to retain Rs 40 crore in solutions with vertical solutions business and the balance Rs 130 crore in the insurance depending upon how we see the cash requirement. So, there will be a mix of the internal funds that will get use, some debt that we could raise in the US company at a much lower rate and also at some stage look at divesting some part of the stake which will help us to meet the requirements of our inorganic and growth requirements.
Latha: Can you tell us how will be the equity movement. I would assume all these equity changes will happen in the company that will be listed fresh. Do you want to divest stake in that. When will the capital changes come? My understanding is that you will list by June 2015? Can you give us an idea of how the company or the group expects to move its stake; are you all prepared for a substantial loss of equity, reduction of your equity in the Majesco part? 
A: If you had a look at the investor presentation, what you are going to see in the India listed entity is a mirror image of the vertical solution being under Mastek and the insurance business being under Majesco. Majesco will just have some bit of the India insurance business but it will actually hold 83.5 percent of the MajescoMastek US subsidiary and if we are looking at any fund raising, it will happen in the US subsidiary and there will not be any dilution at the Indian listed company. In terms of fund raising as I mentioned, there will be potential for us to raise debt and even look at using stock as a currency for us to do any inorganic or any merger of acquisition within the US.
Sonia: You did mention a while back that you would be looking to go ahead with some inorganic acquisitions as well, anything that’s on the cards in this calendar year or in this financial year?
A: There are certain potential acquisitions but until you see the right fitment, the right valuations and till the time we don’t ink such kind of deals, there is nothing which is absolutely certain at this point of time. We will keep the market informed as we make the moves accordingly on the acquisition front. 
Sonia: I didn’t get the margin breakup. Tell us now going ahead what will the ballpark insurance business margins be and what will the rest of the business, the left behind business have in terms of revenues as well as margins and what is the current blended margin?
A: We did share the FY2014 numbers in the split profit and loss (P&L) and balance sheet. The insurance business has 55 percent of the revenue which is around Rs 507 crore which has an EBITDA margin of around 6 percent but the fact that we have the entire product expenses written off in the P&L and if you add that back, it is around 17 percent although that may not be the right way to look at the EBITDA but this business requires the product investment and therefore the insurance business will have a lower EBITDA in the next few years. 
You need to do that to grow the business strongly and once you reach a base of close to USD 150 million in the insurance business, you will see a much better EBITDA at that level, almost close to a double digit EBITDA. The rest of the business which is solutions business, currently is around 45 percent of our business as per ’14 numbers which is around Rs 416 crore and that has made a healthy EBITDA of around 14 percent odd. We do expect this business to also grow well and also see an expansion on the EBITDA.
Latha: What is the expected return on equity (RoE) of two units in FY16?
A: We do not give any forward looking numbers so I would not be able to give that information.
Mastek stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mastek closed at Rs 271.30, down Rs 4.55, or 1.65 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 337.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 133.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 23.41 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.59. The latest book value of the company is Rs 153.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.77.
RELATED NEWS

Sun Pharma shares rally on licensing pact with MerckSun Pharma shares rally on licensing pact with Merck
Sensex up 300 points; Oil and Pharma shares rallySensex up 300 points; Oil and Pharma shares rally
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 11:10 AM IST
Benchmark indices have trading firm and have gained over 1% each in the late morning trades led by Index heavyweights RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing over 150 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex.
Meanwhile, US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time has boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
By 11.10 AM, the Sensex has gained  309 points to trade at 26,941 mark and the Nifty has surged by 92 points to trade at 8,067 levels.
 
BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and have surged between 1.5-2.5%.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,866 shares advancing and 651 shares declining.
 
Hero Motocorp, Sun Pharma, L&T, SBI and Hindalco have surged between 2-2.5%. However, Infosys, M&M and HUL are the only stocks trading in the negative territory and have lost between 0.5-1.5%.
_________________________________________________________________
(updated at 10.35 AM)
Markets are trading higher for the second consecutive session on fresh buying by fund and retail investors in Healthcare, Oil & gas and Capital goods stocks. Meanwhile, US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time has boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
By 10.35 AM, the Sensex has gained by 222 points to trade at 26,854 mark and the Nifty has surged by 76 points to trade at 8,051 levels.
 
US Federal Reserve Meet:
 
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labour market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
 
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10-billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the programme on course to be shuttered next month.
 
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) also repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the US labour market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
 
BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and have surged between 1.5-2%.
 
The market breadth on the BSE is firm with 1,796 shares advancing and 542 shares declining.
 
 Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.08 against the US currency in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
 
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar against other currencies in global market after the US Fed stating it would keep its easy-money policy, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
Index heavyweights RIL, L&T, TCS and HDFC have contributed over 100 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex and are up between 1-2%. However, IT major Infosys, HUL and GAIL are the only stocks which are facing pressure in today’s trade and are trading in the negative territory and have lost between 0.5-2%.
 
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is trading higher by 2% at Rs 809 after the drug maker said it has entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
 
National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) has surged 6% to Rs 642, extending its previous day’s rally on National Stock Exchange (NSE), on back of heavy volumes.
 
8K Miles Software Services has gained 5% to reach Rs 371, extending its previous day’s 8% rally on BSE, after Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought nearly two percentage points stake in the internet software and services provider through open market.
 

Mobius: Very bullish on India | Good time to exit midcapsVery bullish on India; Narendra Modi government has renewed optimism: Mark Mobius
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.48AM IST
("India remains the second-largest…)
NEW DELHI: With the Narendra Modi-led NDA government ensuring renewed optimism, Mark Mobius of Franklin Templeton Investments told ET Now that he is 'very bullish on India.'
Mobius expects to increase allocation to Indian stocks going ahead. "India remains the second-largest holdings in our Asia funds. I will be patient about investments in India," Mobius said.
While Mobius continues to look for bargain stocks in India, he sees a 'lot of opportunities' in small cap stocks. Mobius is bullish on oil & gas stocks as well. "I own a lot of tech stocks in portfolio currently, like TCS," Mobius said. Mobius also remains bullish on banks in India. "Banks will benefit from economic recovery," he feels.
Read full interview: Expect to increase allocation to Indian stocks
According to Mobius, "Growth rates in Emerging Markets are very high, justify valuations."
Mobius is of the opinion global liquidity is driving stock markets up. "Many countries are printing money to avoid currency appreciation," he said.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Emerging markets are considered vulnerable to monetary policy tightening in the US because a stronger dollar is likely to deter FIIs from making fresh investments.
Record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months, the Federal Reserve made clear on Wednesday.
By mid-2015, economists expect the Fed to abandon a nearly 6-year-old policy of keeping short-term rates at record lows. Those rates have helped support the economy, cheered the stock market and shrunk mortgage rates. A Fed rate increase could potentially reverse those trends.
(With inputs from AP)

Alibaba in funding talks with Snapdeal | Set to sell $22 billion of sharesYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba in funding talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail space
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 07.12AM IST
Tags:
(If Alibaba enters the Indian…)
By: Aditi Shrivastava and Varun Sood
BANGALORE: China's Alibaba has been in talks with Snapdeal as it looks to enter India's booming online retail industry, according to two people aware of the development. Alibaba, whose mammoth share sale in the US is underway, is considering investment in Snapdeal as one of its options while it sizes up the online consumer market in this country. "India is a huge opportunity for Alibaba," said a person directly aware of the matter.
"Eventually it will look at entering the business-to-consumer space in India and talks are on." The Chinese company, which is expected to be valued at over $165 billion (Rs 10 lakh crore) at the conclusion of its initial public offer, has discussed a possible investment with Snapdeal, though both firms are yet to reach any conclusion, said the person.
So far, Alibaba has only been linking Indian merchants with overseas buyers and sellers. If it enters the Indian online retail space by aligning with Snapdeal, it will be competing directly against market leader Flipkart and Amazon. While the Chinese company would be a late entrant, it has the advantage of size — by sales Alibaba is bigger than Amazon and eBay combined — and cash (it will raise up to $25 billion in the IPO this week).
"We are currently in a quiet period," said Pamela Munoz, manager (international corporate communications) at Alibaba, in reply to an email query on the developments. One source estimated that Snapdeal could raise up to $300 million in a potential round of fund-raising.
So far this year, Delhi-based Snapdeal has raised a total of $233 million in two rounds of investments, which saw participation from eBay and billionaire Azim Premji's family office Premji Invest. The last round in May valued the firm at $1 billion.
Snapdeal, one of India's biggest online marketplaces, is also attracting attention from other Asian conglomerates including Japan's largest ecommerce company Rakuten and communications provider SoftBank, according to sources in the investment banking community.
Snapdeal, in which former Tata Group head Ratan Tata has a personal investment, could well be the vehicle to infuse a predominantly Asian flavour to Indian online retail, expected to be worth Rs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to market rating agency Crisil. Aspokeswoman for Snapdeal declined comment for this report.
However, in an earlier interview with ET, co-founder Kunal Bahl had said that while "lots of external investors are interested in this space, and are very interested in Snapdeal", his company will "decide when is the right time to raise money, from whom, how much and at what value".
Bankers are of the view that Rakuten's aggressive track record of acquisitions this year, including messaging app Viber and rebate site Ebates, purchased last week, makes it a prime contender in the investment sweepstakes for Indian Internet commerce. For Softbank, any potential deal could hinge on approval from local partner Bharti Group.
SoftBank and Rakuten did not reply to emailed queries on the developments.
  In the run-up to its IPO, Alibaba, founded in 1999 by Jack Ma, has taken the fight to Amazon in its home market by launching a portal for US consumers. In India, the battle could only intensify as Alibaba seeks to enter the consumer space, after four years of growing business-to-business commerce.
Amazon, which began its Indian operations by setting up an online marketplace in 2013, is expected to soon enter the online wholesale trade by setting up a portal for business ecommerce.
The entry of global juggernauts is expected to further intensify competition in the Indian online industry, where the home-grown online portals, including Flipkart and Snapdeal, have rapidly increased investments in innovation, technology and advertising in the last year.
Snapdeal, which could be valued at up to $4 billion in its next round of investment according to industry observers, will only gain from this. "Flipkart has already set the industry benchmark at a valuation of $7 billion," said Raja Lahiri, apartner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devices  apps act one under iOS 8 | Upgrade ...Devices, apps act like one under Apple's new software iOS 8
By AP | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.04AM IST
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The scores of new features in Apple's software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.
Google's Android software can't compete with iOS' evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables. Apple knows what goes into the few products it makes and can break down the walls between them.
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features. The new software will also come with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come out Friday.
Here's a look at those "unity" features and why iOS 8 is worth installing:
You can start tasks on one device and finish on another
Let's say you're typing an email reply on your iPhone when you realize the message will be quite lengthy. You can pick up your iPad and finish there. With the upcoming Yosemite update for Mac computers, liking coming next month, you'll be able to use the Mac's physical keyboard, too.
Picking up a task on a second device is easy. Just slide up the small app icon on that device's lock screen, be it an iPhone or an iPad. On Macs with Yosemite, click the icon on the bottom left.
For now, this capability is limited to a handful of apps, including Apple's Maps, Calendar, Mail, Messages and the Safari Web browser. And when you try to open a Web page on a second device, you still have to scroll down to where you were. With Maps, on the other hand, it takes me to the location I was viewing on the other device.
This feature, known as Handoff, will be more useful once outside developers take advantage of it. LG and Samsung have offered similar integration of their phones and tablets, but neither does it as extensively.
You'll be able to use your iPad or Mac to send texts or make phone calls
Currently, you can send text-like messages from iPads and Macs with the Messages app, but the recipient also needs Messages. That excludes Android users. With iOS 8, those iPad and Mac messages will get relayed through the iPhone, so you can reach any other phone. The texting capabilities won't be coming until next month, though.
What you can do now is use the iPad and the Mac to make and receive calls. The devices have to be on the same Wi-Fi network, so this won't help if you left your phone at work. But it's useful if the phone is charging in another room. Call quality was about what I'd expect from a speakerphone.
You'll be able to do more without switching from app to app
If a text message comes in as you're browsing the Web, you can pull down the notification and reply right there. You don't need to leave the Web browser and launch Messages first. You can also delete an email or accept a calendar invite that way.
There are some limitations, though: You get only one reply for text messages. You then have to wait for another message to come in or open the full app. With email, you can mark a message as read or delete it, but you can't reply. Like Handoff, this will be more useful once more apps take advantage of it and let you do more.
Meanwhile, if you're chatting with a bunch of friends, you can see their locations (as long as they've shared it) without having to leave Messages to open a separate Find My Friends app.
Members of the same households can share calendars and music more easily
You pick up to five family members to join your network, for a total of six. These need to be people you trust, as they'll be using your credit card to make purchases. You can require approval for purchases, such as for kids' accounts.
Family members will be able to share each other's books, music, video and apps, so Mom, Dad and Junior won't need to buy separate copies of the "Frozen" movie. A family calendar and a shared photo album also get set up. The individual still gets to decide which photos and videos show up there for other family members to see.
And there's more ...
The walls between Apple apps and third-party apps are breaking down. For example, outside developers will be able to use Apple's fingerprint authentication system with iOS 8. Before, it was limited to a few Apple services.
Beyond these "unity" features, owners of the new iPhones will be able to pay for goods simply by holding their device near a credit card terminal at retail stores. All iOS 8 users get quicker ways to type messages and reach favorite and recent contacts.
Although you don't need to rush out to upgrade your devices right away, it'll eventually be worthwhile to do so, especially if you have a recent device or multiple Apple devices. While last year's iOS 7 offered cosmetic changes and new gesture controls, this year's update comes with plenty of new functionality.

IITians create zero running cost cold storageIIT engineers have come up with an affordable solution to the wastage of agricultural produce by developing a unique solar-powered cold storage system which works at almost zero running cost. ( Representative Image)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Young IIT engineers have come up with an affordable solution to the wastage of agricultural produce by developing a unique solar-powered cold storage system which works at almost zero running cost.
Developed at the Science and Technology entrepreneurship Park (STEP) of IIT-Kharagpur by mechanical engineering student Vivek Pandey and his team, the micro cold storage system has been successfully tested in a Karnataka farmland.
"It is a first of its kind product developed anywhere in the world as there are no running costs for the farmer and works on clean and sustainable technology for all 12 months. We have even applied for four patents for technologies used in the product," Pandey told PTI.
Under the banner of Ecofrost Technologies, the young graduates are now ready to move out of the campus and start a manufacturing and assembly unit in Pune next month.
Using a uniquely designed thermal storage methodology that controls compartment cooling in tandem with regular cooling, micro cold storage helps increase the shelf life of agricultural produce using solar panels of 2.5 KW - 3.5 KW.
"The power generated is sent directly on to the compressor which can run at various speeds to adjust itself to the cooling demand. Instead of batteries, the system has a thermal storage unit which can store power for more than 36 hours to provide power in case there is no sun during cloudy or rainy weather," the young innovator said.
Existing solar-powered units run on batteries which need to be replaced after 2-3 years making the running cost very high for farmers.
It is estimated that every year India loses around 30 per cent of food production due to wastage and contamination.
"We want to provide farm-level solar cold storages in areas that lack access to grid connected electricity. By increasing the shelf life of agriculture produce, it will improve farmers' livelihood by reducing losses and allowing better price realisation," Pandey said.
Meant for horticulture produce, the micro cold storage system has a capacity of 5 metric tonnes and a price varying between Rs 5 to 6 lakh.
"We have started getting orders and will start a manufacturing and assembly unit in Pune next month. We have a target to manufacture 20,000 such cold storage units in the next five years," the IITian said, adding that they are looking to raise around Rs 5 crore from venture capitalists.
Their promising innovation has won the first prize of Rs 10 lakh in the national university competition 'DuPont: The Power of Shunya'.
Besides selling directly to farmers, they are also trying to create village-level entrepreneurs who will act as nodal points for cold storage in mandis where any farmer can store his produce at a fixed cost.

CBI summons another Trinamool MP for questioningComments
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has summoned Subhendu Adhikari, a Trinamool Congress parliamentarian, for questioning in connection with the Saradha scam. The agency has also summoned Rabin Deb, a CPI(M) leader and former state minister.
Both have been asked to appear before CBI officers at the Central Government Office complex at Salt Lake.
While Deb is the first Left leader to summoned in the Saradha connection, the questioning of Adhikari will increase the discomfort for the Bengal’s ruling party.
Between themselves, the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate have already questioned a number of Trinamool MPs. They are MPs Kunal Ghosh (now expelled), Arpita Ghosh, Mithun Chakravarty and Srinjoy Bose. Apart from Arpita Ghosh, the rest are Rajya Sabha MPs.
According to sources, Adhikari’s name has surfaced a number of times during the interrogation of several leaders as well as Saradha employees especially those who worked in the accounts department.
Apparently, Adhikari has information on the groups projects in East Midnapore, the district where Adhikari has a formidable presence.
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who stands accused of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of Saradha’s slush funds.

Sensex surges 326 points; realty  consumer durables stocks steal the showSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Sensex @ 29 300 by Diwali: Karvy | Index surges 300 pts  top 20 betsbeneficiary
(Goel expects the earnings…)
NEW DELHI: India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, says Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy, who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
There are clear signs that the Indian economy has turned the corner and the Sensex earnings growth has also improved from 5 per cent in FY13 to about 10 per cent in FY14 on the back of INR depreciation.
For FY15, "we would expect a Sensex EPS growth of around 15 per cent," he said. Goel expects the earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and average at 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
Considering that the valuation in several sectors like public sector banks, capital goods and infrastructure are extremely subdued, he would expect significant outperformance from these sectors in the next few quarters.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be buyer at every dip. He also maintains his Sensex target of 100,000 by the year 2020.
Corporate earnings growth has started to recover since the last quarter. The Sensex earnings growth has improved from 5 per cent in FY13 to about 10 per cent in FY14 on the back of INR depreciation , said a Karvy report.
Q1 FY15 results have been in line with expectations with IT, healthcare and private banks coming in with good numbers. Operating leverage has begun to kick in with automobile and cement sectors seeing demand revival.
Karvy also believes that a macro-economic revival is on the anvil. Activity in the eight core sectors -- coal, crude oil , natural gas , petroleum refinery products, fertilizers, steel, cement and electricity - are considered as a vital cog in economic growth.
They expect a GDP growth of 6 per cent in FY15 and believe that the economy will see a revival of growth and earnings cycle.
Global Macro Outlook augers well for the Indian markets:
Continued recovery in the US & a stable Euro area are significant positives for the Indian equity markets. Global growth outlook remains supportive of equity investments.
The US Federal Reserve has reiterated its accommodative stance in the recent Jackson Hole meeting. Karvy expects the US interest rates to remain unchanged till the middle of 2015. Any unexpected tightening of the US monetary policy will be negative for global equity markets.
The European central bank has carried out a fresh monetary stimulus by bringing deposit rates into negative territory. European economies continue to show weakness and the current round of stimulus should help stabilize the European economy.
The revival in global risk appetite has resulted in fresh FII inflows into emerging market equities with India turning out to be a big beneficiary .
India has been one of the top performing equity markets since January this year with fresh equity inflows of $12.5 billion. We expect the remaining months of this fiscal to witness similar amount of inflows.
(The above story is compiled from a report from Karvy)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Metro trains plying on Blue Line delayed due to heavy VIP movementSep 18, 2014 at 11:29am IST
Delhi Metro trains plying on Blue Line delayed due to heavy VIP movement
17
1
New Delhi: Delhi Metro commuters faced inconvenience on Thursday as trains on the Blue Line are running late due to heavy VIP movement in the capital.
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) claimed that the delay on the Dwarka- Noida line has been caused due to heavy security and VIP movement.
Chinese President Xi Jinping's 3-day-visit to India is one of the reasons behind the tight security. Xi's visit is expected to define the relationship between the two neighbours who have had a troubled past.
Delhi Metro commuters faced inconvenience on Thursday as trains on the Blue Line are running late due to heavy VIP movement in the capital.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Will U.K. Exist Tomorrow Scots Vote on Independencewill u.k. exist tomorrow scots vote on independence
Sun Pharma shares up 3% on Merck licensing pactSun Pharma shares up 3% on Merck licensing pact
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries today rose nearly 3 per cent after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for using investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, tildrakizumab, for the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
Sun Pharma’s stock gained 2.49 per cent to Rs 812.10 on the BSE. On the NSE, the scrip was up 2.62 per cent at Rs 813.20.
Under the terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire the worldwide rights of tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of $80 million, the companies had said in a joint statement yesterday.
Plaque psoriasis
Tildrakizumab is being evaluated in Phase III registration trials for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
“Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma.
Upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialisation of the approved product,” it had said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Apex court questions Centre over lack of transparency in CVC appointmentApex court questions Centre over lack of transparency in CVC appointment
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
The Supreme Court today questioned the Centre over lack of transparency in the appointment of Chief Vigilance Commissioner and Vigilance Commissioner.
It said that transparency is the hallmark of selection procedure and people across should be allowed to apply for the post and not only bureaucrats.
The Attorney General has assured the Supreme Court that no final decision will be taken in the appointment of CVC during the pendency of the case.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)

Audi refreshes Q7 with mildupdatesExpress News Service | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:34 pm
German premium car manufacturer, Audi has silently refreshed its Q7 line-up in India. The new improvements are mainly mild updates such as inclusion of a reverse steering guidance system and a panoramic sunroof; both of which are now made standard across all of the Q7 variants.
Audi currently sells the Q7 in India with two diesel engine options in a choice of 4 variant trims, namely- Premium, Premium Plus and the top of the line Technology. As for the engines, a 3.0 litre V6 and a more powerful 4.2 litre V8 diesel engines are on offer on the Q7. The smallest 3.0 litre engine’s output is rated at 243PS and 550Nm, whereas the bigger 4.2 litre engine develops 340PS of power along with 800Nm of torque.
 
Both the engines come mated to an 8-speed tiptronic automatic transmission. No petrol engine is on offer on the Q7 in India currently.
The 4.2 TDI variant is only sold in the Technology trim, while the 3.0 TDI is made available in all of the three trims. Besides the aforementioned updates, the Technology trim on both the 4.2 TDI and 3.0 TDI variant now feature a sporty S-line body package as standard. This package comprises front and rear bumpers, side skirtings and 19-inch alloy wheels.
Audi has hiked the price of all the Q7 models in India as well. The refreshed versions are on sale now with prices for the 3.0 TDI variant starting from Rs 64.50 lakh for the Premium variant, Rs 70.01 lakh for the Premium Plus variant and Rs 79.93 lakh for the Technology trim. The 4.2 TDI variant of the Q7 is priced at Rs 87.93 lakh. All the prices are indicative of ex-showroom, Mumbai.
Audi has been leading the numbers game among luxury car manufacturers in India for quite a while now. The Q7 has been instrumental in helping its maker achieve that feat as the Audi Q7 is undoubtedly one of the best selling luxury SUVs in India. Be it deep-pocketed real estate agents, celebrities or industrialists, the Q7 with its aggressive looks, sumptuous interiors and luxurious ride caters to all of needs of the rich and the famous.
Powered by gaadi.com

Face-off between Indian and Chinese armies along LAC continues as Modi and Jinping meet in NewDelhiTrouble began in Chumar last week when the Chinese brought heavy equipment on their side of the LAC to construct a road. (Source: PTI Photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 12:00 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 12:53 pm
A face-off between the Indian and Chinese armies continued in Chumar sector in Ladakh even as Chinese president Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi exchanged pleasantries in Ahmedabad and are scheduled to have substantial talks in New Delhi on Thursday.
While defence ministry officials declined to comment on the matter, sources said that a “build up” or “beefing up of reinforcement” is a standard procedure whenever there is a “face off” between the two armies. Describing the current scenario just as a “face- off”, an official said, “At Chumar, the two Armies are at eyeball to eyeball distance, but that is it. The situation is not alarming.”
As reported earlier, the present dispute along the LAC pertains to two places – at Chumar, where the troops of the two countries have been on a face-off and at Depsang, where the Chinese tribals have pitched tents. Trouble began in Chumar last week when the Chinese brought heavy equipment on their side of the Line of Actual Control (LAC) to construct a road. India objected to the construction, following which the Chinese side had sought a flag meeting, which took place on Monday, but remained inconclusive.
At Demchok, the Chinese wrecked up construction of an irrigation canal citing that the Indian Army is using the construction of the canal – National rural employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) work to create supporting infrastructure for military purpose along the LAC.
On Wednesday, a “low-level” flag meeting was held between the two armies at Chushul. India is learnt to have escalated its concerns to their Chinese counterparts. “We had asked the Chinese side to come back after the flag meeting on Monday remained inconclusive. As a result, a low-level flag meeting, meaning one involving lower ranking officers, was held at about 5.30 pm. The Indian side raised its concerns with the Chinese side. The meeting took place in Chushul. No further details of the meeting are available,” sources said.
The flag meetings are normally held by officers of a rank equivalent to a Brigadier. But Wednesday meeting is believed to have been held between officers of the rank below that of a Brigadier-equivalent.
It may be noted that a similar face-off between the troops of the two countries had also taken place at Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) area of Ladakh last year. The two sides have signed a Protocol in 2005 on “Modalities for the Implementation of Confidence Building Measures in the Military Field Along the Line of Actual Control in the India-China Border Areas”, which is believed to have been reminded by the Indian side during the flag meetings.

Sun Pharma signs pact with Merck; stock gainsSun Pharma signs pact with Merck; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.18AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Tildrakizumab is currently…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals moved higher in a weak market after the company announced an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with Merck.
Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of US $80 million.
Tildrakizumab is currently being evaluated in Phase 3 registration trials for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma.
Upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialization of the approved product.
At 09:45 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 810, up 2.23 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 812.10 and a low of Rs 800.50 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scots start voting in independence referendumScotland votes in independence referendum to seal the United Kingdom's fate
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.29PM IST
"Scotland's future must be in Scotland's hands," Salmond said in Perth, a city in eastern Scotland 460 miles (740 km) north of London.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scots began voting in an independence referendum on Thursday that will decide the fate of the United Kingdom , after opinion polls showed hundreds of thousands of them were still agonizing over whether to stay with the 307-year union or back secession.
In the final hours before polling stations opened, leaders of both sides urged Scots to seize the reins of history in a vote that has divided families, friends and lovers but also electrified this country of 5.3 million.
From the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the toughest city estates of Glasgow, voters are being asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
"This is an historic day for Scotland. I've waited all my life for this. It's time to break with England. 'Yes' to independence," said a businessman who gave his name as Ron and was the first person to vote at Edinburgh's Waverley Court.
As he spoke, a couple of workers hurrying by in the morning mist and drizzle shouted "Vote No!"
Five surveys - from pollsters YouGov, Panelbase, Survation, Opinium and ICM - showed support for independence at 48 percent, compared with 52 percent for the union.
An Ipsos MORI poll showed it even closer at 49 per cent to 51 per cent, while a second Survation poll, conducted by phone, showed unionists at 53 per cent and separatists at 47 per cent.
Page 1 of 3

Xi-Modi meeting begins in Delhi; border issues  economic engagement on the agendaComments
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday committed to resolve the border dispute with India at an early date to improve peace and cooperation between both countries.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said after summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,"he said.
Since the border is not demarcated there will be certain incidents, Xi said, adding that both sides are capable of effectively managing the situation  through border-related mechanisms so that they do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
Modi in his one-on-one meeting with the visiting Chinese president said India was "seriously concerned" about the repeated incursions along the border.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese president.
The latest incident India was referring to was the  fresh incursion by the Chinese army in Chumar area, even as talks were on between both the leaders.
Watch: Xi gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
As many as 1000 soldiers of  the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA)  reportedly encroached 500 metres into the Chumar area. The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads, Rebos, had pitched their tents is also continuing.
India also expressed concern over China's policy of issuing stapled visas to Indian citizens from Arunachal and at the dispute over trans-border rivers.
President Xi also said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) - a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
 
China promises $20 billion investment
Xi promised to invest $20 billion in infrastructure and manufacturing projects in India over the next 5 years. 12 agreements were signed in the meeting between both leaders including on projects to set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and speeding up the existing rail network in the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore sector.
China also agreed to give Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - greater access to Chinese markets. This will help India reduce the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Both sides pledged to improve people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The year 2015 will be celebrated as a 'Visit India' year in China and 2016 will be celebrated as 'Visit China' year in India.
.
 
Earlier while talking to newspersons after a ceremonial welcome at the Rashtrapati Bhawan President Xi Jinping urged both countries to pursue developmental goals together."For both our countries development is top priority. We share the same developmental goals, same developmental philosphies," he said. 
Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping presented with a model of 'charkha'/ spinning wheel at Rajghat pic.twitter.com/IwYHlSPiIL
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 18, 2014
"We are the two largest developing economies, and two biggest markets. In an increasingly multipolar world our strategic and economic ties are important. Together we can bring prosperity to 2.5 billion people of Asia and opportunities to rest of the world,"he added.
President Xi  spoke to reporters after  a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhawan . Later the Chinese president along with his wife Peng Liyuan, paid tributes at the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat.
(With inputs from Jayanth Jacob in Delhi and agencies)

Dollar jumps as traders mull FedS&P 500 hits record high after Fed update
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09cb2c2e-3ee3-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple to launch new iPad  OS X Yosemite on October 21Sep 18, 2014, 12.25 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Apple to launch new iPad, OS X Yosemite on October 21
The company plans to unveil the sixth generation of its iPad and the third edition of the iPad mini, as well as its operating system OS X Yosemite, which has undergone a complete visual overhaul, the Internet news website said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Apple to launch new iPad, OS X Yosemite on October 21
The company plans to unveil the sixth generation of its iPad and the third edition of the iPad mini, as well as its operating system OS X Yosemite, which has undergone a complete visual overhaul, the Internet news website said.
Post your opinion here
 
Apple is set to launch two new iPads and release the next version of its Mac operating system at its next event on October 21, a Daily Dot report said, citing sources familiar with the matter.
The company plans to unveil the sixth generation of its iPad and the third edition of the iPad mini, as well as its operating system OS X Yosemite, which has undergone a complete visual overhaul, the Internet news website said.
Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman for Apple, declined to comment.
Also read: Apple on the brink of another 'super cycle'
The iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while the new version of the iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch screen, Bloomberg earlier reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
A Bloomberg report said the Cupertino, California-based company will launch its next generation of iPads around mid-October as Apple prepares for the holiday season by boosting its product lineup.
Apple sold 13.3 million iPads in the quarter ended June, falling short of analysts' projections for more than 14 million.
Apple also unveiled its Apple Watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay" last week.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer pharma  Tata Steel  Ambuja Cements: Sanju Verma08:00 am
Sanju Verma, CEO at Violet Arc Global Managers told CNBC-TV18, "The whole debate between cylicals and defensives is passé because in a typical bull market everything moves up. Yesterday, we snapped two days of losses and the advance-decline was so comforting at 2:1 and the pharma sector participating and so were Tata Steel  and Tata Power Company ."
"I think there is a lot of consolidation and event driven triggers that will pan out going forward. I am not saying this because Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  and Lupin  have signed a deal with Merck but more importantly I think now is the time to separate men from the boys. So, while I am negative on a Sun Pharma which I think still has an FDA import alert looming over its Halol plant where things seem to have died down for the time being. Equally I think despite the heady and gravity defined run that Lupin has seen, if you are talking of a Rs 69 earnings per share (EPS) which is what I expect them to do in FY16, at shy of Rs 1400 this stock is available just about 20 times which is still a discount to some of these sector biggies," she said.
"I also like Dr Reddy's Laboratories  and Lupin because I think both Dr Reddy’s and Lupin are mirror images of each other. Dr Reddy’s is a USD 8 billion plus market cap company, Lupin is a USD 9 billion market cap company, both have lean balance sheets, established R&D capabilities and diversified geographical market presence. However, given a choice from biggies, I would stick to Lupin because of a 30 percent earnings growth in FY16 over FY15 whereas in the case of Dr Reddy’s you will have to have a FY17 view because the core earnings growth over the next two years for Dr Reddy’s is not going to be more than 10-12 percent. So, if patience is not a virtue that you have then you are better off buying Lupin."
"Perhaps somebody with a greater risk appetite can also look at Wockhardt  which I think has come out brilliantly after being in the corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) cell. They have had a successful CDR exercise and things are looking up for them now. Most people seem to forget that this is perhaps the only pharma company which as an a return on equity (ROE) and return on Capital (ROC) both in excess of 50 percent and despite all their debt problems which are things of the past, it still has an interest cover of nine times which I think is as good as it gets."
She further said, "Pharma is a space that I like and within cyclicals it will have to be metals where I like Tata Steel and within the cement space it would have to be Ambuja Cements . Tata Steel is getting its act together. In the last AGM they announced a USD 7 billion refinancing package out of which USD 5.5 billion worth of loans will get refinanced in FY15 alone. If you are talking about USD 5.5 billion, close Rs 33,000-35,000 crore of loan being refinanced, even if they save something like 35-40 basis points by way of financing or interest cost, the addition to the bottomline can be phenomenal."
"For the quarter ended March 2013 Tata Steel had a loss of Rs 6700 crore and today here we are with the company actually going from strength to strength. They reported a Rs 1000 crore plus profit after tax (PAT) in Q4 FY14 and that momentum continues in FY16 as well."
"Tata Steel is a great story and Rs 650-700 is a target that one can easily look at because even at current levels at Rs 500 the stock is trading at less than 10 times price to earnings and less that 6.5 times EV/EBITDA which has been its historical EV/EBITDA multiple. The stock still gives you an ROE of 18 percent whereas Steel Authority of India 's (SAIL) ROE is just about 8-9 percent, Sesa Sterlite 's ROE is just about 8 percent, JSW Steel 's ROE is just about 10-11 percent. So, this is a highly efficient company and given that the European operations have managed to get their act together the best is still ahead of us," she said.
RELATED NEWS

Remain bearish on gold crude: Nirmal BangLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Remain bearish on gold & crude: Nirmal Bang
Watch the interview of Kunal Shah of Nirmal Bang Commodities with Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about the current trend in commodities markets.
Post your opinion here

Alibaba  Softbank Likely To Fund SnapdealAlibaba  Softbank Likely To Fund Snapdeal
Xi Jinping hopes to take China s strategic partnership with India to  higher planeXi Jinping hopes to take China s strategic partnership with India to  higher plane
1 000 Chinese troops enter India while Modi  Xi talk business1 000 Chinese troops enter India while Modi  Xi talk business
Scottish referendum on independence commencesScottish referendum on independence commences
Coromandel International up 1.7%; allots equity sharesCoromandel International up 1.7%; allots equity shares
Director resigns from Jubilant Industries LtdDirector resigns from Jubilant Industries Ltd
Stay or go Scotland votes on independence from BritainStay or go? Scotland votes on independence from Britain
PTI
Reuters Voters enter a polling station to place their votes during the referendum on Scottish independence in Pitlochry, Scotland on September 18, 2014.
Edinburgh, Sept 18:  
Scotland began voting today on whether to become independent from Britain in a referendum which has electrified the nation, dominating debate in homes and pubs from Edinburgh to the Highlands.
While the outcome looks too close to call, the pro-independence camp has seen support surge in recent weeks as the “No” side’s long-term lead in the opinion polls shrivelled away.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime,” Scotland’s pro-independence First Minister Alex Salmond told a cheering crowd of supporters in Perth at a final rally yesterday.
“It’s the greatest, most empowering moment that any of us will ever have,” he said, as supporters waved Scottish flags and chanted “Yes we can!”
British Prime Minister David Cameron has pleaded with Scots to vote in favour of staying in “our home” and has warned that the break-up would be a “painful divorce” full of economic uncertainty.
If Scots vote “Yes”, it would end a union dating back to 1707, could force Cameron to resign and might raise serious questions about Britain’s status on the international stage.
It is being closely watched in other parts of the world with strong separatist movements, particularly in the Spanish region of Catalonia where many are now also clamouring for a vote.
World financial markets have been volatile for days on uncertainty over the outcome.
And US President Barack Obama, leader of Britain’s closest ally, weighed in yesterday saying he hoped the UK would remain “strong, robust, united”.
A record turnout of around 80 per cent is expected in the referendum after 97 per cent of people eligible to vote registered, almost 4.3 million people.
Polling stations close at 2100 GMT and results are likely to emerge in the early hours of Friday.
At a polling station in Edinburgh West, one of 2,600 places where votes will be cast across the country, people arrived almost as soon as the booths opened at 0600 GMT.
“It’s a very special day, one in a lifetime,” said presiding officer Peter Macvean.
Questions over whether an independent Scotland could be a member of the European Union and how long this would take to negotiate have surfaced repeatedly.
Scotland’s Parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Volvo August truck shipments fall 8%Volvo August truck shipments fall 8%
Reuters
Tweet
STOCKHOLM, Sept 18:  
World number two truck maker Volvo's truck shipments fell 8 per cent year-on-year in August, the company said on Thursday, below market expectations and hurt by a weak market in Europe.
The mean forecast in a Reuters poll of analysts was for shipments at the maker of Volvo, Mack, UD Trucks and Renault trucks to fall 1.5 per cent.
Gothenburg-based Volvo said deliveries in its top market, Europe, fell 19 per cent while they were up 22 percent in North America. Deliveries in Asia fell 6 per cent while they decreased 42 per cent in South America.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Tibetans protest outside Hyderabad HouseTibetans protest outside Hyderabad House
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Tibetan protestors breached the security cordon created for the visiting Chinese President, Xi Jinping. They also managed to reach the back entrance of Hyderabad House where Indian Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi and the visiting dignitary were holding delegation-level talks.
Shouting slogans of 'we want justice', the protestors tried to forcibly enter the Hyderabad House but were blocked by a large contingent of Delhi police.
The Indian and International media contingent, which was waiting on the lawns of Hyderabad House to proceed to the room where the two leaders were to make media statements, were prevented by the security personnel from viewing the protest. The protestors were eventually removed from the spot.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Sensex inches towards 27 000 powered by heavyweightsSensex up over 400 points powered by heavyweights
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 01:16 PM IST
Markets edged higher in early noon trades on the back of positive global cues, heading for a second straight session of gains after hitting a nearly 2-1/2 week low on Tuesday.  At 1315 hrs, the Sensex was up 425 points at 27,057 and the Nifty edged higher by126 points to trade at 8,102.
Buying was visible in the broader markets with both the mid and smallcap indices up nearly 2% each, outperforming the BSE benchmark index which gained over 1%.
The rupee improved marginally and was trading at 61 as compared to the previous close of 60.92/93. Almost all Asian currencies fall against USD.
Sectors & Stocks
All the sectoral indices were in green with the Realty index leading gains up over 4%.
Real estate companies rallied on reports that the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2013 is likely to come up for consideration in Rajya Sabha in the forthcoming Winter Session. Unitech, Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL), Indiabulls Real Estate, Oberoi Realty, DLF, D B Realty and Anant Raj Industries were up 4-11%
Power, Oil & Gas, Metal, Health Care, Capital Goods, Consumer Durables, Bankex and Auto indices surged between 1-3%.
Infosys, M&M and HUL down 0.5-0.8% were the only names in red among Sensex-30.
Among the ones leading gains were HDFC, Dr Reddys, Wipro, BHEL, Tata Motors, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Hindalco up 2-3%.
Sun Pharma gained over 2% after the drug maker said it has entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment
National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) has surged 6% to Rs 642, extending its previous day’s rally on NSE, on back of heavy volumes.
8K Miles Software Services was locked in upper circuit at Rs 389, extending its previous day’s 8% rally on BSE, after Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought nearly two percentage points stake in the internet software and services provider through open market.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1997 stocks advanced while 688 stocks declined.
Global Markets
Asian markets were largely in green after the U.S. Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time."
Hang Seng down 1% along with Kospi and Straits Times down 0.7% and 0.04% were the only exceptions in today's trade.

With the WPI reaching a five year low  should Raghuram Rajan cut lending rates in the next policy reviewwith the wpi reaching a five year low  should raghuram rajan cut lending rates in the next policy review
Previous Poll | Is there enough appetite in the markets for the governments proposed sale of shares in 3 PSUsprevious poll | is there enough appetite in the markets for the governments proposed sale of shares in 3 psus
India-US partnership: $1 trillion by the year 2030India-US partnership: $1 trillion by 2030?
Sep 17, 2014, 03.09AM IST
(Instead of a slow and steady…)
By Seema Sirohi
For India and the United States, it's the "vision thing" in the famous words of George Bush Sr. It was a visionary breakthrough that brought the Indo-US Civil Nuclear Agreement, demolishing a huge wall of restrictions and denials around India.
For a thousand flowers of the economic partnership to bloom, an equally expansive vision must takeover. Prime Minister Narendra Modi says he wants to unleash India's inner economic beast and serve his restless young voters. President Barack Obama, too, came in with a promise of "nation building" at home.
The two projects can mesh but the private sectors in both countries need to pick up the ball. When Obama and Modi sit down for a private dinner later this month, unhindered by celebrity invitees and ball gowns, they should discuss how to tap this potential.
According to a new report, "India-US Partnership: $1 Trillion by 2030" released in Washington by Gateway House in time for Modi's much-anticipated visit, the two countries can raise their economic partnership to a whole new level if they move "dramatically out of their comfort zones" and tap new ideas, skills and sources.
Well, that seems obvious. Doesn't every report in essence encourage newthink? But this has helpful granular detail and a road map. The big idea is to follow the model the US has with Mexico, Israel and South Korea.
None of the three is a G-7 member, yet each has deep economic ties with the US and "a consistency in policy and collaboration" that is absent in the India-US partnership.
Instead of a slow and steady gradualism, how about "disruptive innovation" and morphed business models? A "hockey stick" growth curve typical of startups instead of the normal plod upwards? The nuclear deal didn't materialise because of inside-the-box thinking.
Yet, the conventional narrative remains: India has a large middle class to which American companies can sell. And Indian companies can be the back-office for US corporations.
The US focus is on market access and India's on H1-B visas. This ignores the growing capabilities of Indian companies, their global presence and new expertise.
The Tatas and Mahindras are today multinational players. They make and sell in America. And while at it, a change in attitude can help too. On the Indian side, please note that not every American is out to exploit India.
Acknowledge that all knowledge doesn't reside in the Indian gene and new technologies were unknown in Vedic times. The Pushpak was not an early Dreamliner. Learn from the Chinese how to learn from others.
FYI, the selfsatisfied attitude of the Indian business community is seen as a negative. For the Americans: Indians are not here to steal your jobs and immigrants are not enemies. You can learn a lot about life in general and low-cost innovation in particular from the Indians.
Take tips on conserving energy, water, even your finances from an average Indian and start a domestic revolution. You will sound a lot more credible on climate change if you turn off the lights at night in your malls, offices and maintain human temperatures in your buildings instead of Arctic ones.
The report recommends four broad areas each for the two sides to consider: India should create a surge of talented people in critical areas, build a "Silicon Swadesh" to support homegrown innovation, ramps to the base of the pyramid where the poor are and take advantage of next generation technologies.
The Americans should keep the doors open for Indian professionals, follow Indian models of low-cost innovation, serve the global Indian and finally marry the Americans making clean-burning stoves and cheap water filters to the billions in India.
The real value of the report by Nish Acharya, a former director of innovation and entrepreneurship in the Obama Administration, lies in the homework he has done and his real-life experience working in both countries.
As an example of the "surge," think of the Tatas and United Technologies working on complex defence systems, Gilead Pharmaceuticals and Indian generic companies bringing affordable medicine to Indians.
A real next generation technology collaboration could be vertical farming - take inspiration from "Green Sense Farms" in Indiana which uses LED-lit greenhouse, and drip irrigation to give comparable yields with just 1 per cent of the land and water as traditional farming. That's some food for thought for the Obama-Modi dinner.
The writer is a Washington-based analyst.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US says it wants India to have good relations with China tooUS says it wants India to have good relations with China too
IANS Sep 16, 2014, 08.16PM IST
Tags:
afghanistan
("And I think that we want…)
WASHINGTON: Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India, the US says it has a very broad relationship with India and wants New Delhi to have good relationships with all the countries in the region, including China.
"We're all looking forward to welcoming Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi to Washington," State Department spokesperson Marie Harf told foreign media Monday when asked how the US viewed Xi's India visit ahead of Modi's upcoming US trip.
Modi will have summit meetings with President Barack Obama Sep 29 and 30 and would have "a number of meetings, I'm sure, with my colleagues at the State Department as well", she said.
"Our relationship with India really is a very broad one where we talk about a whole range of topics," Harf said when asked by a Chinese correspondent about US expectations about the bilateral meeting between Obama and Modi.
"And I think that we want India to have good relationships with all the countries in the region, including China ," she said.
"This is a broad relationship we have with India in a whole host of areas: certainly security," she said.
"I'm sure we'll talk a lot about security issues - environmental issues, energy issues, economic issues."
"And in a lot of these areas we have overlapping interests," Harf said.
"So we certainly are welcoming the prime minister to Washington, have a full agenda, which I think we'll probably flesh out a little bit more as we get closer to his visit."
"But suffice to say I think we will touch on a number of topics" including " Afghanistan , which obviously is important to a lot of people, but to the Indians. And I think that will certainly be a topic of conversation."
FEATURED ARTICLES

70-year-old man held for sending love letters to married womanComments
A 70-year-old retired sales tax officer has landed in police custody for allegedly sending love letters to a married woman in Bulandshahr.
The accused, identified as Shree Charan Lal Rawat, used to send letters in the name of a teenage boy who lived in the woman’s neighbourhood in Bihari Nagar, Sasni Gate area. The accused also belongs to the same locality. However, Rawat was identified with the help of the footage of CCTV cameras installed at the head post office in Aligarh from where he posted the letters. To confirm his involvement in the incident, his handwriting was also matched with that in the letters.
It is alleged he had been regularly sending love letters to the woman and in one letter, had even threatened to kill her husband.
Sources said the victim woman was married to a man in Bulandshahr one-and-half years back. After a few months of marriage, a letter reached her in-laws’ house. It contained such objectionable remarks that not only the woman but also her in-laws became worried. It also carried some threats for the woman’s husband.
Six such letters reached their house. The last letter came on September 12 which had some facts which only a person close to the woman’s family could have known.
All the letters had been sent in the name of a 15-year-old neighbour of the woman.
The woman’s in-laws lodged a complaint with the police. The Bulandshahr police acted promptly and demanded the CCTV footage of the head post office in Aligarh from where the accused used to post letters.
The footage clearly revealed the involvement of Rawat who belonged to the same area.
SO (Sasni Gate) told HT, "During interrogation, the retired officer confessed to his crime. The complaint has been received and a case has been registered."

South Africa joins sukuk bond rushSouth Africa joins sukuk bond rush
By Elaine Moore, Andrew England and Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c468e00-3e73-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil slips on scepticism over Opec cutsOil slips on scepticism over Opec cuts
By Neil Hume and Anjli Raval
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd44fa92-3e86-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quikr raises Rs 365 cr  valued at Rs 1 800 crQuikr raises Rs 365 cr, valued at Rs 1,800 cr
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Online classifieds platform Quikr has raised $60 million (Rs 365 crore) in the latest round of funding, led by Tiger Global Management. This valued the venture at Rs 1,708-1,830 crore.
The company has said the funds raised will be used to invest in product development and expansion of its fast-growing mobile business. “The explosive growth in mobile internet is fundamentally reshaping the Indian classified internet market, and we are well positioned to be at the fore of this growth,” said Pranay Chulet, founder and chief executive of Quikr.
In the previous round of funding in March, Quikr was valued at about Rs 1,525 crore. At that time, the company had raised Rs 550 crore in an investment round led by Swedish investment firm Investment Kinnevik.
RAISING THE MOOLAH QUICKER
The funds raised will be used to invest in product development and expansion of its fast-growing mobile business
The company had raised Rs 550 crore in March
Existing investors such as Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay participated in the latest funding round
So far, Quikr has raised about Rs 1,300 crore, through eight rounds.
Existing investors such as Kinnevik, Matrix Partners India, Nokia Growth Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Omidyar Network, Warburg Pincus and eBay participated in the latest funding round.
Tiger Global Management, which has investments across e-commerce and internet companies such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Flipkart, Makemytrip and Justdial, is a new investor.
“Growing rapidly, the company has become one of India’s top classifieds players, with a deep understanding of the local market,” said Lee Fixel, partner, Tiger Global Management.
Quikr records 30 million unique users a month and is present across 940 cities in India. It operates in 10 categories, including mobile phones, household goods, cars, real estate, jobs, services and education.

State Street trader told to stay awayState Street asks top forex trader to stay away from office
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2cfc68b8-3e9b-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Unilever comments spark share price fallUnilever comments spark share price fall
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1160ffa6-3e87-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Building on Atal  Modi to move on China border talksPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan at the Sabarmati river front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:03 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:01 am
Invoking former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee’s visit to China in 2003, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to convey to Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday his government’s decision to continue with the Special Representatives’ talks on the border dispute .
Top government sources told The Indian Express that the decision to appoint a new Special Representative (SR) from the Indian side has been taken and may be announced “soon”. Significantly, the Chinese Special Representative on border talks , State Councillor Yang Jiechi, is accompanying Xi on his visit. With 17 rounds of border talks having been held since 2003, the approval of the SR mechanism is seen as a significant step forward.
While there was no official word about Modi and Xi’s 22-minute meeting at Hyatt in Ahmedabad and their conversation over dinner at the Sabarmati riverfront, sources said the effort from both sides was to seize the “once-in-a-decade” opportunity of a Chinese President’s visit to give renewed thrust to border negotiations. This is only the third presidential visit in the last three decades — after Hu Jintao in 2006 and Jiang Zemin in 1996.
To keep the atmosphere warm and conducive for “constructive” talks, South Block sources said the joint statement would not mention the “One-India” policy raised by India’s political leadership publicly in the last few weeks. In June, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised this issue with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. During her media interaction earlier this month, she said, “When China’s Foreign Minister was here, he was told, ‘If we believe in One China policy, you should also believe in One India policy’.”
Any such mention would have also meant reciprocity — a reference to One China policy, which was first dropped from a joint statement in 2010 during Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao’s visit to New Delhi.
Modi’s reiteration of the commitment to continuing with the SR-level talks is significant since it was during Vajpayee’s China visit in June 2003 that a Declaration on Principles for Relations and Comprehensive Cooperation was signed. That was the first comprehensive document on development of bilateral relations signed at the highest level between India and China.
The two sides had also agreed on a border trade protocol to add a border crossing between Sikkim and Tibet Autonomous Region — then seen as China’s official recognition of Sikkim as a part of India. It was during this meeting that SRs were appointed to explore an overall framework for boundary settlement.
In the joint statement, according to sources, the two sides are expected to express satisfaction over the work done so far by the SRs on the boundary issue continued…

Review: Devices  Apps Act Like One Under iOS 8All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Islamic State can t be defeated by air strikes alone  says Iran FMPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:15 am
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) is a dangerous phenomenon, but the terrorist organisation can not be defeated by air strikes alone, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has said.
“It’s a very dangerous phenomenon, and we all need to be aware of how to deal with this issue. It will not be eradicated through aerial bombardment, because we need new tools to deal with these new realities,” Zarif said here at an event organised by the Council on Foreign Relations, a top American think tank.
Zarif said that Iran would not hesitate in providing support to its friends, to deal with this menace. “We believe that we need to deal with this menace. This is not a threat against a singular community, nor a threat against a singular region,” he said.
“It was not confined to Syria, nor will it be confined to Iraq. It’s a global threat. “There are thousands of foreign fighters in Iraq and
Syria. And they come from all over the world. And that is why they have very little mercy for the people they occupy and they rule over,” the top Iranian diplomat said.
The Iranian Foreign Minister was also highly critical of the US-led international coalition against ISIS. “I would call (it) a coalition of repenters, because most participants in that meeting in one form or another provided support to ISIS in the course of its creation and upbringing and expansion, actually at the end of the day, creating a Frankenstein that came to haunt its creators,” he said.
Zarif said Iran has played a central role in dealing with ISIS. “I wouldn’t call it Islamic State, because it’s neither Islamic, as President Obama rightly pointed out, nor a state. It’s a terrorist organisation, a sophisticated terrorist organisation that has come to being because of a number of reasons,” he said.
The challenge of ISIS is certainly one challenge that has arisen, because of this lack of understanding of the new realities in the region, he said.

Apollo Tyres rallies over 1% on expansion plansYou are here: Home > Collections > Netherlands
Apollo Tyres rallies over 1% on expansion plans in Hungary
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 09.38AM IST
(The company's board has…)
NEW DELHI: Apollo Tyres Ltd rallied as much as 1.5 per cent in trade on Thursday after the tyre maker said that it will start rolling out products from its 475 million Euro greenfield plant in Hungary by 2017.
The company's board has approved the setting up of the facility that will have a total capacity of 5.5 million passenger car and light truck (PCLT) tyres and 6,75,000 heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) tyres per annum, said a PTI report.
At 09:30 a.m.; Apollo Tyres was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 203.85. It hit a low of Rs 201.40 and a high of Rs 204.40 in trade today.
The facility, which will come up at the new industrial zone near Gyongyoshalasz, will produce both, Apollo and Vredestein branded tyres, and will cater to the entire European market, and will complement Apollo Tyres' existing facility in the Netherlands, added the report.
Currently, Apollo Tyres has four manufacturing units in India, three in southern Africa and one in the Netherlands. The combined production capacity of all facilities put together is 1,700 tonnes per day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple iOS 8 software bug affects health appsApple iOS 8 software bug affects health apps
UBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive  stocks gain 1.6%UBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive, stock closes 2.28% higher
Indulal PM        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global financial services firm UBS has upgraded Colgate-Palmolive India to "buy" from "neutral", raising the target price to Rs 1,950 from Rs 1,800.
Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 1.6 per cent in early trade on Thursday. It closed 2.28 per cent higher on the BSE.
UBS said it is "positive about the brand" as urban consumers buy oral care products. It added that Colgate-Palmolive "has been ahead of the competition in the last one to two years."
The recent upgrade of Colgate-Palmolive India comes after Credit Suisse raised its outlook on the stock to "outperform" from "underperform".
(Reuters)

Sensex jumps 300 points  Nifty regains 8 000-markStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

India ships in 50% more Iranian oil in Janua...India ships in 50% more Iranian oil in January-August
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 11.48AM IST
0
Share More
India shipped in 273,500 bpd of Iranian oil in August, up 30 per cent from the previous month and about 81-per cent higher than a year ago.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Indian imports of Iranian oil rose by nearly half to 271,000 barrels per day (bpd) in January-August from a year ago, when refineries cut purchases due to worries about insurance coverage for processing crude from Tehran, data from trade sources shows.
World powers and Iran are working to resolve a decade-old dispute over the OPEC nation's nuclear programme, with an interim deal that eases some sanctions on the country extended by four months to late November.
India, the Islamic state's top client after China, had boosted imports in the first quarter of this year to make up for the cuts in 2013 and to hit its target of importing 220,000 bpd from Iran in the fiscal year to March 31.
India shipped in 273,500 bpd of Iranian oil in August, up 30 per cent from the previous month and about 81-per cent higher than a year ago, the data showed.
Shipments in August were bolstered as Indian Oil Corp. , the country's biggest refiner, bought Iranian oil after a two-month gap, shipping in nearly 2 million barrels.
State-run IOC is not a regular buyer of Iranian oil as it has a deal to buy only 24,000-25,000 bpd, or about 9 million barrels, from the country in 2014/2015.
In August, IOC also received its first cargo of Caspian Sea oil from Kazakhstan, the data showed, joining private refiners Essar Oil and Reliance Industries in buying the grade.
Essar was Iran's top Indian client in August, followed by Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd, the data showed. Essar and MRPL are the regular buyer of Iranian oil.
Chennai Petroleum Corp, Hindustan Petroleum Corp
and Bharat Petroleum Corp have halted Iranian oil imports since 2013/14 due to worries over whether their insurance policies would cover refining the cargoes.
But other refiners have stepped up purchases drawn to discounts offered by Tehran, risking possible disputes with insurers in the case of an accident.
MAINTENANCE
Under the interim agreement with world powers, Iran's total crude exports were to be held at just above 1 million barrels per day (bpd), after surging as much as 40 per cent above that level in the early part of the year.
Iranian oil's share of India's total crude imports rose to 7.1 per cent in the first eight months of the year compared with 4.6 per cent last year, the data indicated.
Overall, India took in 14 per cent less crude in August than a year ago, the data showed, as HPCL-Mittal Energy did not ship oil during the month due to the closure of its 180,000 bpd Bathinda refinery in northern India for maintenance.
The refinery is expected to resume operations by the end of this month, said a source with direct knowledge of the matter. He declined to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with media.
India's total crude imports for the January-August period fell nearly 3 per cent, the data showed.
Latin American oil's share of India's overall imports rose slightly to nearly 20 per cent in the first eight months of 2014, while Africa's increased to about 16 per cent, the data showed.
Purchases from the Middle East accounted for about 60 per cent of overall intake during the period, down from 64 per cent a year ago.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

NBCC surges 14%; returns 500% in one year; stock s trading at cheap valuations: analystconstruction
(On Wed, the stock surged…)
MUMBAI: Investors, who put in money in state-owned construction firm National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) a year ago, are laughing their way to the bank. NBCC shares have soared five-fold in the past one year, making it one of the best performers among public sector companies.
Today, the stock surged about 14% in intraday trade.
On Wednesday, the stock surged almost Rs 96, or 19%, to close at Rs 611, surpassing its consensus target price by analysts of Rs 539 per share. At the start of the sharp upswing in the stock a few months ago, a few leading names of Dalal Street had lapped up the stock.
Veteran broker Ramesh Damani, who had recommended the stock earlier, said he liked the stock because it was trading at cheap valuations and the company has strong earnings visibility. "NBCC enjoys negative working capital, cash rich balance sheet and has a strong order book at about Rs 17,000 crore, 4.2 times its FY14 revenues," said Damani. "The stock could go up further as visibility of future earnings is high given the huge opportunity size in the business," he said.
Brokers said the lower outstanding shares have also aided the surge in the stock. As on June 30, 2014, the government held 90% of the equity while institutions held 2%.
The company achieved 'Navratna' status in June 2014. Since then the stock has exactly doubled. The Navratna status will allow NBCC to partner with firms in the foreign markets and will also give more autonomy in investment decisions of up to Rs 1,000 crore.
Analysts said the order that NBCC secured to develop the Waqf properties has been noted by investors. The total area under Waqf properties all over India is estimated at about 6 lakh acres and many of these properties are on prime land. "This development is a big positive for the company as Waqf properties have a huge potential of generating considerable returns over the years," said Dipen Shah, head of research, Kotak Securities . NBCC is one of the very few public sector companies engaged in the three verticals of project management consultancy, engineering, procurement and construction EPC and real estate development business.
"Since most of government agencies don't have an extended project execution arm to undertake various civil construction projects, NBCC is in a sweet spot, given its execution abilities," said Vinod Nair, head of equity research, Geojit BNP Paribas. "A real estate business with huge land bank, large re-development projects on the anvil, healthy financials backed by growth in business and margins make a case for an excellent investment," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  China may talk on border rows  railwaysFive issues that are likely to dominate Indo-China talks
Reuters     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 13:57 IST
Chinese President XI Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India on Wednesday as the two Asian giants take steps to boost commercial ties.
China has pledged to invest billions of dollars in Indian railways, industrial parks and roads, but ties between the nuclear-armed nations have long been held back by distrust, mostly over their contested border.
Here are some facts about India-China relations and issues likely to come up for discussion:
BORDER DISPUTE
China beat India in a brief border war in 1962 and relations have remained sour over their still-disputed 3,500-km (2,200-mile) frontier.
India has reported a rise in incursions by Chinese troops in recent years, charges China denies. Modi is expected to take a tougher stance with neighbouring countries, including China.
In the first such signal, Modi's government eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along the border to boost defence preparedness and close the gap on China's superior transport network.
VISAS
China often refuses to stamp visas on Indian passports from disputed territories and instead staples them to the page, a practice that infuriates India.
China has refused to issue visas to Indians from Arunachal Pradesh state, where the two countries fought the 1962 war, saying they do not need permission to travel to China. China claims the whole of Arunachal Pradesh, which it calls "South Tibet".
In 2012, India started stamping its own map on visas it issues to holders of new Chinese passports that contain a map depicting disputed territory within China's borders.
The visa issue is likely to be on the agenda during Xi's visit.
TRADE TIES
China is India's largest trading partner, with two-way trade at about $66 billion last year. However, $51 billion of that came from Chinese exports.
India hopes new investments from China will partly help offset its trade deficit. China plans to invest about $7 billion in two industrial parks in western India, media reported this month.
India will also ask its neighbour to set up manufacturing units for exports as it seeks to revive its economy,
RAILWAYS
India has the world's fourth-longest rail network but has added only 11,000 km of track since independence in 1947. China, in comparison, added 14,000 km of track in the five years to 2011.
China is expected to pledge billions of dollars of investment in India's rail network that can help reform the now-decrepit British-built system.
NUCLEAR TIES
In 2013, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said the two countries would cooperate in civil nuclear energy. Leaders of the two energy-starved countries may discuss the possibility of a civil nuclear cooperation agreement, Indian officials said.
China has committed $6.5 billion to finance the construction of a major nuclear power project in Karachi, the financial hub of neighbouring Pakistan, India's traditional foe. But Beijing might make a push to supply India with its new-generation reactors, The Hindu newspaper said.

China August coal output falls marginallyChina August coal output falls marginally
Reuters
Tweet
SHANGHAI, Sept 18:  
China's August coal production fell 0.98 per cent from a year ago to 302 million tonnes, according to a trade website that cited data from the National Bureau of Statistics.
Total output in the first eight months of 2014 stood at 2.55 billion tonnes, down 1.4 per cent from a year ago, according to according to website Coalstudy.com.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

India s gold imports seen up  premiums to double on festive buyingIndia's gold imports seen up, premiums to double on festive buying
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI, Sept 18:  
India's monthly gold imports are set to rise by as much 50 per cent from current levels while premiums could almost double as the country gears up for a surge in demand ahead of the year-end festivities and wedding season, industry sources said.
More purchases by the world's No.2 gold consumer after China could help support global bullion prices, which are mired near an 8-1/2-month low of $1,216.01 per ounce amid fears a faster hike in U.S. interest rates would dent its appeal as a hedge against inflation.
"Gold imports are expected to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month in the coming months as against a monthly average of 50-60 tonnes," said Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association.
Indians traditionally believe that buying and giving gold on holy days brings good fortune, a sentiment that drives up demand ahead of festivals, and this year there is the added lure of weak prices, traders said.
Gold futures in the country are trading at 26,734 rupees ($437.58) per 10 grams, down over 10 percent on the year.
Gold sales are expected to rise by 15 per cent to 20 per cent this festive season from year-ago levels, said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Next month Indians will celebrate Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, when buying gold is considered auspicious, followed by the festival of lights Diwali and then the wedding season that will extend into early next year.
But the stronger demand could squeeze supplies in the domestic market and push up local prices.
"In the short-term, gold prices are expected to rise to 28,500 rupees per 10 grams," said Kothari.
Indian gold premiums to the global benchmark are also expected to jump to about $12-$15 an ounce, from the current $7-$10 an ounce, industry officials said.
Total 2014 imports are, however, likely to fall to about 700-750 tonnes from 900 tonnes a year ago because of thin arrivals earlier this year, said Kothari, helping to keep a lid on the country's current account deficit.
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 per cent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
Jewellery forms a big part of Indian gold demand, accounting for about 75 percent of the total in the second quarter, World Gold Council data showed. India's investment demand for gold slumped 67 per cent on year in the June quarter.
"The likely rise in demand is not expected to hurt the country's deficit because gold imports are under control and international prices are also lower," said Kothari.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Cut VAT to 2%  TN textile mills tell govtCut VAT to 2%, TN textile mills tell govt
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 18:  
The Southern India Mills’ Association has appealed to the State Government to bring down the VAT rate from 5 per cent to 2 per cent
Association representatives had met the State Finance Minister and Secretary in this regard recently.
“We were told that our request would be considered on a trial basis initially before regularising it,'' SIMA Chairman T Rajkumar said, at the inaugural session of the 7th CEO Conference at The Residency this morning.
The association is gearing up to conduct TexFair 2015 and the second edition of SIMA Farm to Finish between January 9 and 12 at the Codissia Trade Fair Complex here.
Over 70 per cent of the stalls for the ensuing fair have already been booked, the SIMA Chief said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Swavalamban pension scheme: Govt targets 80 lakh subscribers by FY15What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

India imports 50% more Iranian oil in Jan-Aug: SourcesIran oil imports jump 50 per cent in Jan-Aug, say trade sources
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 13:58 IST
Picture for representation only.(Source: Reuters)
Indian imports of Iranian oil rose by nearly half to 271,000 barrels per day (bpd) in January-August from a year ago, when refineries cut purchases due to worries about insurance coverage for processing crude from Tehran, data from trade sources shows.
World powers and Iran are working to resolve a decade-old dispute over the OPEC nation's nuclear programme, with an interim deal that eases some sanctions on the country extended by four months to late November.
India, the Islamic state's top client after China, had boosted imports in the first quarter of this year to make up for the cuts in 2013 and to hit its target of importing 220,000 bpd from Iran in the fiscal year to March 31.
India shipped in 273,500 bpd of Iranian oil in August, up 30 per cent from the previous month and about 81-per cent higher than a year ago, the data showed.
Shipments in August were bolstered as Indian Oil, the country's biggest refiner, bought Iranian oil after a two-month gap, shipping in nearly 2 million barrels.
State-run IOC is not a regular buyer of Iranian oil as it has a deal to buy only 24,000-25,000 bpd, or about 9 million barrels, from the country in 2014/2015.
In August, IOC also received its first cargo of Caspian Sea oil from Kazakhstan, the data showed, joining private refiners Essar Oil and Reliance Industries in buying the grade.
Essar was Iran's top Indian client in August, followed by Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, the data showed. Essar and MRPL are the regular buyer of Iranian oil.
Chennai Petroleum, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum have halted Iranian oil imports since 2013/14 due to worries over whether their insurance policies would cover refining the cargoes.
But other refiners have stepped up purchases drawn to discounts offered by Tehran, risking possible disputes with insurers in the case of an accident.
MAINTENANCE
Under the interim agreement with world powers, Iran's total crude exports were to be held at just above 1 million barrels per day, after surging as much as 40 per cent above that level in the early part of the year.
Iranian oil's share of India's total crude imports rose to 7.1 per cent in the first eight months of the year compared with 4.6 per cent last year, the data indicated.
Overall, India took in 14 per cent less crude in August than a year ago, the data showed, as HPCL-Mittal Energy did not ship oil during the month due to the closure of its 180,000 bpd Bathinda refinery in northern India for maintenance.
The refinery is expected to resume operations by the end of this month, said a source with direct knowledge of the matter. He declined to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with media.
India's total crude imports for the January-August period fell nearly 3 per cent, the data showed.
Latin American oil's share of India's overall imports rose slightly to nearly 20 per cent in the first eight months of 2014, while Africa's increased to about 16 per cent, the data showed.
Purchases from the Middle East accounted for about 60 per cent of overall intake during the period, down from 64 per cent a year ago.
(Reuters)

Sensex crosses 27 000  Nifty regains 8 000-markStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

India imports 50% more Iranian oil in Jan-AugIran oil imports jump 50 per cent in Jan-Aug, say trade sources
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 13:58 IST
Picture for representation only.(Source: Reuters)
Indian imports of Iranian oil rose by nearly half to 271,000 barrels per day (bpd) in January-August from a year ago, when refineries cut purchases due to worries about insurance coverage for processing crude from Tehran, data from trade sources shows.
World powers and Iran are working to resolve a decade-old dispute over the OPEC nation's nuclear programme, with an interim deal that eases some sanctions on the country extended by four months to late November.
India, the Islamic state's top client after China, had boosted imports in the first quarter of this year to make up for the cuts in 2013 and to hit its target of importing 220,000 bpd from Iran in the fiscal year to March 31.
India shipped in 273,500 bpd of Iranian oil in August, up 30 per cent from the previous month and about 81-per cent higher than a year ago, the data showed.
Shipments in August were bolstered as Indian Oil, the country's biggest refiner, bought Iranian oil after a two-month gap, shipping in nearly 2 million barrels.
State-run IOC is not a regular buyer of Iranian oil as it has a deal to buy only 24,000-25,000 bpd, or about 9 million barrels, from the country in 2014/2015.
In August, IOC also received its first cargo of Caspian Sea oil from Kazakhstan, the data showed, joining private refiners Essar Oil and Reliance Industries in buying the grade.
Essar was Iran's top Indian client in August, followed by Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, the data showed. Essar and MRPL are the regular buyer of Iranian oil.
Chennai Petroleum, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum have halted Iranian oil imports since 2013/14 due to worries over whether their insurance policies would cover refining the cargoes.
But other refiners have stepped up purchases drawn to discounts offered by Tehran, risking possible disputes with insurers in the case of an accident.
MAINTENANCE
Under the interim agreement with world powers, Iran's total crude exports were to be held at just above 1 million barrels per day, after surging as much as 40 per cent above that level in the early part of the year.
Iranian oil's share of India's total crude imports rose to 7.1 per cent in the first eight months of the year compared with 4.6 per cent last year, the data indicated.
Overall, India took in 14 per cent less crude in August than a year ago, the data showed, as HPCL-Mittal Energy did not ship oil during the month due to the closure of its 180,000 bpd Bathinda refinery in northern India for maintenance.
The refinery is expected to resume operations by the end of this month, said a source with direct knowledge of the matter. He declined to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with media.
India's total crude imports for the January-August period fell nearly 3 per cent, the data showed.
Latin American oil's share of India's overall imports rose slightly to nearly 20 per cent in the first eight months of 2014, while Africa's increased to about 16 per cent, the data showed.
Purchases from the Middle East accounted for about 60 per cent of overall intake during the period, down from 64 per cent a year ago.
(Reuters)

Wont reveal source of Ranjit Sinha visitors logbook  NGO tellsSCPrint
Averse to taking cognisance of the controversial visitors' logbook at CBI director's house, the court had ordered for disclosure of the whistleblower's identity. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:12 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 1:37 pm
NGO CPIL informed the Supreme Court on Thursday that it won’t disclose the identity of the whistleblower, who leaked the visitors’ logbook at CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence and other pertinent CBI documents .
Filing an affidavit in repose to the court’s query on Monday, CPIL,  a petitioner in the 2G scam cases,  said it has passed a resolution deciding not to reveal who leaked the damning documents against Sinha .
Averse to taking cognisance of the controversial visitors’ logbook at CBI director’s house, the court had ordered for disclosure of the whistleblower’s identity.
Turning down an argument that the revelation of the whistleblower was not relevant, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and S A Bobde held that informing the court about the whistleblower was imperative in view of the Supreme Court Rules, which obligated every person filing an affidvait to disclose the source of information.
“We want to know about the authenticity of the whistleblower. It has serious consequences on reputation of persons and also on the (2G) trial court. Give us the source of infortmation. How did all this information get leaked out is important. We have to satisfy ourselves first,” it told advocate Prashant Bhushan, arguing for NGO CPIL.
CPIL had filed an affidavit in the court, seeking removal of Sinha for allegedly compromising investigations into 2G and Coal block cases.
Bhushan had handed over the original visitors’ logbook at Sinha’s Delhi residence, which purportedly showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and Coal block cases among others. He had claimed two unidentified persons had visited his house and gave him the document.
The court had fixed the matter for Monday next.

Migration still on the rise as job opportunities shrink inKeralaPrint
Written by Shalini Langer | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:09 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 1:17 pm
The Kerala Migration Survey-2014 has found that flow of Keralites to abroad still continues mainly because of the state’s inability to provide suitable jobs for the increasing number of educated youths. Apart from this, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still strong among the state’s youth.
The study was conducted by Prof K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.
“Kerala is not able to create enough jobs suitable for an increasingly larger number of youngsters with a secondary or higher level of education. As long as the employment conditions in Kerala (among the educated youths) does not improve, more of the Kerala youngsters could be expected to try their luck abroad,” said the study.
Besides, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still very strong among the Kerala youngsters. This is an important positive factor in their decision to emigrate instead of working in the state.
The sample size of the survey was 14,575 households distributed across Kerala. The reference point in the study is taken as March 1, 2014, which is three years after the previous study in 2011.
The number of Kerala emigrants as estimated by the migration survey in 2014 is 23.63 lakhs. The corresponding number was 22.81 lakhs in 2011, 21.93 lakhs in 2008, 18.38 lakhs in 2003 and 13.62 lakhs in 1998. These numbers indicate that emigration from Kerala has been increasing since 1998. Between 2011 and 2014, the total number of emigrants from Kerala increased by about 81,000.
The report said remittances to Kerala have continued to grow ever since Keralites started migrating to the Gulf region. Total remittances to Kerala during the 12-month period ending in March 1, 2014 were Rs 72,680 crores.
This amount is about 46 percent higher than the remittances in 2011. These numbers indicate that the rate of growth of remittances has accelerated in recent years in spite of the slowing down of the annual increase of emigration from the state since 2008.
The total of all the household remittances in Kerala during the 12 month period prior to 1st March 2014 was Rs 15,129 crores. The corresponding remittance in 2008 was Rs 12, 511 crores.
Out of the total remittances of Rs 15,129 crores, Rs 7029 crores were received by the Muslim community alone. This amounts to about 46.5 percent of the total remittances. This percentage is higher than the per cent of Muslim emigrants which was only 43.5 percent.
In the total population of Kerala, Muslim population is only about 26.5 percent and Muslim households are only 21.8 percent of the total households in the state. According to both per capita-wise and continued…

Four sentenced to life for 2010 Darjeeling couple murdercasePrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:02 pm
Four persons were convicted and awarded life imprisonment by a fast-track court in Bangalore on Wednesday for the killing of a couple from Darjeeling in South East Bangalore in February 2010.
The convicted men are Santosh Chatri, 34, Pradeep Chatri 25, Preetam Tamang, 28, all natives of Darjeeling and Vivek alias Bikas, 22, of Assam. All four were awarded rigorous imprisonment for life and were slapped with fines of Rs 8,000 each for robbing the couple following the murders.
They were found guilty of murdering Amrith Ray, 28, and his wife Janaki, 23, who had moved to Bangalore following their marriage in Darjeeling. Ray was working as an office assistant with a private firm and his wife was a domestic servant.
The police probe into the case revealed that Ray and his wife were killed after one of the four killers, Pradeep Chhatri, who was a friend of the couple gained the impression that Ray was very rich after he bought a car and expressed interest in buying a property in the upmarket south east part of Bangalore.
Pradeep Chatri, who was the ‘Rakhi brother’ of Ray’s wife Janaki ganged up with the others to kill Ray and loot his wealth.
The four who visited Ray’s house on February 8, 2010, killed him while he was dropping them back home in his new car. They dumped the body near the Agara Lake and returned to Ray’s house and asked his wife Janaki to provide Ray’s driving license claiming that he had been stopped by the police.
When Janaki opened the cupboard to search for the license the foursome noticed that the couple had no money or jewels in their possession. The gang, according to the police, then murdered Janaki from fear that she would identify them when the murder of Ray was discovered.
The incident came to light on the following day on February 9, 2010, and police initially registered two separate cases of murder before linking the cases.
A police team lead by inspector LY Rajesh cracked the cases within a month of the murders and arrested the accused.

Hours before Modi-Jinping meet  Tibetans protest outside HyderabadHousePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:01 pm
Scores of Tibetans Thursday staged a vociferous protest and clashed with police outside Hyderabad House, the venue for the bilateral talks between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The protesters reached Gate No 3 of the building around 11:45 AM and started shouting anti-China slogans.
The police tried to pacify them but they did not relent and eventually clashed with the police as they were stopped from approaching the gate. Some of the protesters were also detained by the police.
A group of Tibetans also held a protest at Dhaula Kuan and were forcefully removed from the spot.
Yesterday, ten Tibetans were detained after they staged a protest outside Chinese Embassy here against the visit of the Chinese President.
Xi is on a three-day visit to India.

India s gold imports seen up on festive demand |  Yellow metal to bottom out in 2015India's gold imports seen up, premiums to double on festive buying
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.53PM IST
0
Share More
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 per cent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: India's monthly gold imports are set to rise by as much 50 percent from current levels while premiums could almost double as the country gears up for a surge in demand ahead of the year-end festivities and wedding season, industry sources said.
More purchases by the world's No.2 gold consumer after China could help support global bullion prices, which are mired near an 8-1/2-month low of $1,216.01 per ounce amid fears a faster hike in U.S. interest rates would dent its appeal as a hedge against inflation.
"Gold imports are expected to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month in the coming months as against a monthly average of 50-60 tonnes," said Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association.
Gold futures in the country are trading at 26,734 rupees ($437.58) per 10 grams, down over 10 percent on the year.
Gold sales are expected to rise by 15 percent to 20 percent this festive season from year-ago levels, said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation .
Next month nation will celebrate Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, when buying gold is considered auspicious, followed by the festival of lights Diwali and then the wedding season that will extend into early next year.
But the stronger demand could squeeze supplies in the domestic market and push up local prices.
"In the short-term, gold prices are expected to rise to 28,500 rupees per 10 grams," said Kothari.
Indian gold premiums to the global benchmark are also expected to jump to about $12-$15 an ounce, from the current $7-$10 an ounce, industry officials said.
Total 2014 imports are, however, likely to fall to about 700-750 tonnes from 900 tonnes a year ago because of thin arrivals earlier this year, said Kothari, helping to keep a lid on the country's current account deficit.
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 percent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
Jewellery forms a big part of Indian gold demand, accounting for about 75 percent of the total in the second quarter, World Gold Council data showed. India's investment demand for gold slumped 67 percent on year in the June quarter.
"The likely rise in demand is not expected to hurt the country's deficit because gold imports are under control and international prices are also lower," said Kothari.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Saradha scam: CBI to grill Trinamool MP  CPI...CBI
("I cannot visit the CBI office…)
KOLKATA: Probing the multi-crore Saradha scam , the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has now summoned for questioning Trinamool Congress MP Suvendu Adhikari and CPI-M leader Rabin Deb , an official said Thursda
"They have been summoned for questioning regarding the Saradha scam," the CBI official said.
Adhikari, Lok Sabha member from West Bengal's Tamluk in East Midnapore district, however, denied having any information about the agency calling him for questioning.
"I am yet to receive any communication from the CBI," Adhikari told IANS.
Rabin Deb, CPI-M state committee member, confirmed getting a call from the agency.
"I cannot visit the CBI office today (Thursday) because of prior commitments. I will appear before them in a day or two," Deb told IANS.
While suspended Trinamool Rajya Sabha member Kunal Ghosh is already behind bars and the CBI has secured his custody multiple times, the agency has arrested party leader and former director general of the state armed police Rajat Majumdar and grilled Srinjoy Bose, another MP from the party.
Ghosh, in a tell-all video shot before his eventual arrest, had alleged the complicity of several of his party leaders, including Adhikari.
The Tamluk MP subsequently had filed a defamation suit against Ghosh which is now pending before a court.
Beside Majumdar, the CBI has arrested East Bengal Football club official Debabrata Sarkar, city businessman Sandhir Agarwal and Assamese singer Sadananda Gogoi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt targetting 80L under Jan-Dhan pension s...Financial inclusion
(PFRDA Chairman said the…)
NEW DELHI: Government is targeting about 80 lakh subscribers under its Swavalambam pension scheme, a part of the ambitious financial inclusion Jan-Dhan Yojana , by the end of this fiscal year, the PFRDA Chairman said today.
"It is already part and parcel of the Jan-Dhan scheme. The Swavalamban product is already there. We have right now about 30 lakh subscribers under the Swavalamban scheme.
"... we are targeting 80 lakh subscribers by the end of this fiscal year," Chairman of the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) R V Verma said on the sidelines of Skoch Summit here.
He said the pension scheme is specially targeted towards the lowest segment of the population.
Verma said the banking industry is working in close co-ordination with the PFRDA and the Ministry of Finance to cover more people under the scheme.
Earlier during his address on the 'Skoch : Minimum Government, Maximum Governance' summit, Verma said: "The mission mode form of financial inclusion is to be a game changer. It needs to be given a mission mode format or else it will not work."
He said the products under Jan-Dhan scheme should be available to a larger section and should be economically viable.
There is also a need for the deepening of the financial sector so that the benefits reaches a larger section of the society, he said.
"Banks have to really go down. Products should be affordable and it should be provided to them at the least cost," Verma said.
However, he said, there are few challenges in this regard.
"It is a financial sector intervention so it should be reform oriented and should be commercially viable, socially acceptable and sustainable. We are incentivising the beneficiaries and trying to generate more wealth," he said.
He said the last-mile connectivity could be a reality with this new form of financial inclusion and there is no alternative but to have robust and sturdy Information Technology (IT) enabled process to make it a success.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC raps police for issuing FIRs against schoolsUpdated: September 18, 2014 13:12 IST
HC raps police for issuing FIRs against schools
Krishnaprasad
Tweet
The Karnataka High Court on Wednesday restrained the police from filing charge sheets against principals/heads of schools following First Information Reports (FIRs) registered against them for not implementing financially viable safety norms for schools issued by the city police after the rape of a six-year-old student at a private school. Making it clear that the principals/heads of schools cannot be treated like criminals, the court pulled up the police for exercising their authority of registering criminal cases without making any effort to shake hands with the school authorities and holding meetings with them for ensuring that safety norms are effectively implemented.
Directing the police to a “course correction” and adopt consultations through handshakes with the managements of the schools, the court said that FIRs could be registered against the schools only as a last resort, when schools fail to implement safety norms despite many opportunities.
Justice A.N. Venugopala Gowda issued the directions while hearing the petitions filed by the Karnataka Private School Joint Action Committee and others, who had described some of the norms as “impractical” while seeking direction to the police for holding meetings with them on difficulties faced to enforce the norms.
The court said it was impossible to implement safety norms at one ago, and that the police should have enforced norms in a phased manner.
Clarifying that the aim of the court was to see that safety of the students, parents, particularly women on the school campus, Justice Gowda asked when the government could not enforce norms in schools run by it, how could private schools achieve the task within a short period.

Angel expects Indian Rupee to trade mixedAngel expects Indian Rupee to trade mixed
Gujarat Industries Power Company announces change in directorateGujarat Industries Power Company announces change in directorate
Expect topline growth of 20% in FY15: V-Guard IndustriesExpect topline growth of 20% in FY15: V-Guard Industries
Scotland starts voting in independence referendumScotland starts voting in independence referendum
Volvo truck shipments fall 8 per cent year-on-yearVolvo truck shipments fall 8 per cent year-on-year
Sensex trades 320 points higher; L&T  Hero MotoCorp gainSensex trades 320 points higher; L&T  Hero MotoCorp gain
China s first lady visits Tagore International SchoolChina s first lady visits Tagore International School
Xi-Modi meeting underway in Delhi; border issues  economic engagement top the agendaXi-Modi meeting underway in Delhi; border issues  economic engagement top the agenda
Infosys inks deal with China s Huawei for cloud-based projectsInfosys partners with China's Huawei for cloud-based projects
Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
India's Infosys Ltd said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys, the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Air France pilots strike enters fourth dayAir France pilots strike enters fourth day
Reuters
Tweet
PARIS, Sept 18:  
A pilots strike at Air France stretched into its fourth day on Thursday, with the two sides still at odds in a dispute over cost cuts that has forced the airline to cancel nearly 60 per cent of its flights.
The pilots are carrying out a week-long strike over Air France's plans to expand the low-cost operations of its Transavia brand by setting up foreign bases as it seeks to fight back against fierce competition from budget carriers.
Air France-KLM Chief Executive Alexandre de Juniac said just 42 per cent of flights would operate as pilots and management prepared for a new round of negotiations later on Thursday.
"I am asking the pilots: come on board with us," Juniac told RMC radio. "Negotiations are not over, we are starting again this afternoon."
Air France is trying to boost its earnings by expanding Transavia but says that in doing so it is not trying to replace Air France.
The SNPL national pilots' union has said its members are worried the company will abandon Transavia's development in France, blaming them, and focus on its expansion elsewhere in Europe, moving jobs outside the country.
Unions have said they would announce on Friday whether or not they will prolong the strike beyond this week.
Juniac said he had told pilots there would be a strict separation between Transavia's French and European branches, with the latter not allowed to land in French cities where the former was operating.
In each hub where Transavia operates, pilots will work under local employment terms, which entail higher wages and more favourable conditions in France than in, say, Portugal.
The dispute highlights discrepancies in wages, labour conditions and welfare coverage between European countries which are theoretically part of a single market for goods and services, but in fact compete with each other for jobs.
Juniac has estimated the strike is costing the company 10 million to 15 million euros ($12.9-$19.3 million) per day.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Syndicate Bank staff association golden jubilee meet from SaturdaySyndicate Bank staff association golden jubilee meet from Saturday
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 18:  
The Union Minister for Railways, Sadananda Gowda, will inaugurate the two-day golden jubilee conference of the Syndicate Bank Staff Association in Bangalore on Saturday.
The association is an affiliate of the National Organisation of Bank Workers and the Bharathiya Mazdoor Sangh.
The golden jubilee conference will be a landmark in the history of trade movement in the bank, said KS Bhat, Assistant Secretary of the association.
Lakshma Reddy, All-India Vice-President of the Bharathiya Mazdoor Sangh, will be the chief guest at the inaugural event.
Association leaders Mohan Kumtakar and PP Singh as well as Founder General Secretary Y S Mohammed Ali, will lead various deliberations.
More than 500 selected delegates representing 40 regions comprising more than 3,000 branches across the country will attend the conference, Bhat said.
The conference will deliberate on issues such as long-pending wage revision, refusal to post female employees at a place of their convenience, non-regularisation of last-grade staff, non-compliance of guidelines with respect to industrial relations, increase in workload, and opening of branches without providing basic infrastructure.
The conference will also place on record its views on matters such as bifurcation of the post of Chairman and Managing Director at the bank as well as selection procedures for the board of directors.
It also intends to seriously take up discussions on the role played by the Workmen Director during the last four decades, Bhat said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex soars over 400 points  crosses 27K levelBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty rise most in 4 mths on US Fed booster shot, China ties
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
 

Time for English devolutionSeptember 17, 2014 1:44 pm
The time is ripe for English devolution
By John Redwood
©AFP
The three parties’ offer of more devolved powers to Scotland may well help secure a No vote in the referendum . It also means a period of constitutional change will follow the outcome of the vote either way. As someone who thinks we are better together, I hope it works.
The UK constitution was left unbalanced by the last Labour government. They expelled most of the hereditary peers from the Lords but otherwise left the unelected House largely unreformed. They gave substantial devolution to Scotland, less devolution to Northern Ireland and Wales, and nothing to England. They decided not to answer the so-called West Lothian question : why should Scottish MPs vote on English matters such as health and education, which they cannot determine for their own constituencies?
More
Matthew Goodwin What Ukip’s win means for 2015
England decided to put up with the injustice in the interests of the union. Today there is a new mood abroad. While the majority of us would like Scotland to stay in the UK, a large majority of us in England now want devolution for our country too.
The easiest way to rebalance the UK would be to grant an English parliament identical powers to those granted to Scotland. We could either have an English parliament at Westminster, formed from the MPs elected from English constituencies, or work towards an entirely new parliament with additional politicians.
This way of sorting out the issue does not appeal to some in the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties, who rely on non-English MPs to give them more weight in parliament. They have come up with other proposals. But all now agree that there is an English problem.
Labour favours going back to the proposals for elected regional governments in England, which it tried to establish when it was last in office. Its 2004 referendum on an elected assembly in the North East hit the buffers when the electorate rejected it by an overwhelming majority. I doubt the answer would be much different today.
While the latest devolution proposals to Scotland include giving away important tax setting powers, it is difficult to see why anyone would want to increase the fragmentation by wanting different income tax and capital tax rates in the northeast and northwest of England. If Scotland is to set her own tax rates, surely England needs to do the same for itself, but for the country as a whole?
I do not think Scottish MPs at Westminster should vote on English matters in future
The Liberal Democrats and some others say now the time has come to give devolution to English cities . Why not let Manchester and Leeds control more of their own money and policies? That may well be a good idea, though it is interesting that a majority of the places offered a more powerful elected mayor have turned it down in local referendums. It does not deal with the problems created by more Scottish devolution.
Why should Liverpool have devolution but Wokingham or Clacton or the rural Cotswolds not enjoy the same? Do we really want each different local authority area with devolved powers to be setting different rates of capital gains tax and inheritance tax, as these are some of the powers the Liberal Democrats wish to give to the Scottish parliament?
The three main parties have announced a tight timetable for settling the UK, assuming the Scots agree we are better together. As an MP representing an English constituency I will be happy to help them deliver their promise, on the understanding that we deal with the problem of England at the same time.
What has emerged from the Scottish referendum is the idea of a federal state, with much greater power being exercised in the constituent nations of the union. So be it. What is fair for Scotland now also has to be fair for England. I do not think Scottish MPs at Westminster should vote on English matters in future. We should give English MPs the facilities to govern England in the way the Scottish parliament will govern Scotland.
The writer is the Conservative MP for Wokingham
Related Topics

The 10 greatest trades ever madeSep 10, 2014, 09.13 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The 10 greatest trades ever made
Throughout financial history, traders have countless times engaged in a battle of wit, guts and luck, putting their precious money on a trade in the hope they would outsmart the person taking its other end.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The 10 greatest trades ever made
Throughout financial history, traders have countless times engaged in a battle of wit, guts and luck, putting their precious money on a trade in the hope they would outsmart the person taking its other end.
Post your opinion here
Nazim Khan
moneycontrol.com
Throughout financial history, traders have countless times engaged in a battle of wit, guts and luck, putting their precious money on a trade in the hope they would outsmart the person taking its other end.
But a few have done so in a way that etched their names in history not just because it made them staggering amounts of money but also because their trades were breath-taking in their scope, nerve-wracking in their execution and thrilling in their results.
With that, we put together a list (in order of when it took place) of the 10 greatest trades ever made.
Jesse Livermore’s bet against the market in 1929
One of the most famous traders ever, Livermore made millions of dollars in 1907 after he bet that US stocks would following a liquidity crisis.
He then proceeded to lose most of that fortune in the following years but made up for it after he noticed a bubble forming in stocks in 1929.
His rationale was that the mania in stocks would give way soon as the amount that people were borrowing to invest in the stock market was larger had became dangerously high.
His short bet paid off handsomely and his payoff was about USD 100 million, which would be several billions today, adjusted for inflation.
But given his temptation to continually take outsized risks, Livermore went on to lose his entire fortune again and later committed suicide.
His experiences are chronicled in the popular book Reminiscences of a Stock Operator.
Paul Tudor Jones bet against the market in 1987
After the Dow Jones had moved up from 777 to 2700 in a matter of a few years, Paul Tudor Jones, then a 32-year-old hedge fund manager, thought the rally had run enough.
Jones believed that the derivatives boom of the 80s had resulted in traders writing instruments without realizing the risks they carried and it had reached a point “that when stocks started to go down it was going to create more selling because the people who had written these derivatives would be forced to sell on every down-tick.”
Jones shorted the market that soon went down on what is now known as Black Monday, when the Nasdaq pummeled 22 percent in a single day.
The bet resulted in a USD 100 million payoff for Tudor, enough for him to reportedly buy every available copy of a documentary later made on him because apparently he didn’t want his trade secrets revealed or because he didn’t like how he looked in it.
Stanley Druckenmiller’s bet on the mark
In 1989, while working as a manager with George Soros’ Quantum hedge fund, Stanley Druckenmiller, dubbed as a low-profile alter ego of the billionaire investor, believed the perceived difficulties in the German re-unification had depressed the German mark to extreme levels.
Druckenmiller first bet several million dollars that it would rise but later upped it to 2 billlion on Soros’ advice. After Germany unified, the marks rose resulting in a huge payoff for the Quantum fund.
George Soros’ 1992 bet against the pound
In 1992, Soros felt that UK government’s reluctance to raise interest rates in the face of high inflation would force it to devalue the pound.
Soros sold short more than 10 billion pounds and when his hunch played out as he expected, emerged richer by a billion pounds. The trade led him to be labeled as the “man who broke the Bank of England”.
John Templeton’s bet against dotcom stocks
The mutual fund pioneer was known to be a daring risk taker (using borrowed money, he purchased every single NYSE stock trading under $1 during World War II) and, at the height of the dotcom bubble, went on to short every IT stock that would complete six months of listing (after the mandatory lock-in period for company executives would expire).
The bet made about USD 80 million for Templeton a few years before he passed away, sealing forever his reputation as an ace contrarian and a legend of the investing world.
Jim Chanos bet against Enron
After an intensive research, Jim Chanos came to the conclusion that Enron’s aggressive accounting practices and a flawed business model would result in the energy giant going bust.
Chanos shorted the stock all the way till it collapsed to zero.
Andrew Hall's bet on oil
In the early 2000s, legendary commodity trader Andrew Hall was convinced crude oil was poised to enter into a multi-year bull market.
When offered an unusual but a highly risky contract that would result in huge payoffs for him only if oil prices were to cross USD 100 a barrel by 2008 (oil was at around USD 25 in 2003), he took it.
The rest is history.
John Paulson’s bet against US property market
Then a little-known hedge fund manager, John Paulson was convinced that the United States mega property boom between 2003 and 2006 was set to end in tears thanks to a highly-risk subprime lending and the creation of complex derivatives.
Paulson bought credit default swaps, an insurance-like product that pays off during times of crises, on a number of financial institutions and in the process made about USD 15 billion for his fund, and several billion for himself.
Kyle Bass’ bet against US property market
Following the same strategy as Paulson’s, Bass too shorted the US subprime market the same way that resulted in billions of dollars of payoff for him too.
David Tepper’s bet on banks
After the financial crisis unwound, hedge fund star David Tepper bet the US government would do everything to not let marquee banks such as Bank of America and Citi collapse.
Consequently, at the depth of the stock market lows in early 2009, he purchased depressed financial stocks that later bounced back, resulting in a personal payoff for him to the tune of USD 4 billion.
RELATED NEWS

Typhoon Kalmaegi breaks opens new monsoon frontTyphoon Kalmaegi breaks opens new monsoon front
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 16:  
Western and southern parts of flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir could witness rain or thundershowers during the next week or even longer, though not strictly monsoon-related.
Impromptu rain
For instance, there were two cyclonic circulations doing the rounds over Punjab and Haryana-west Uttar Pradesh which are capable of setting of impromptu rain from residual moisture available in the air.
Only exception
This was the only exception to an otherwise pattern of what looks like the withdrawal of the monsoon from the rest of north-west and western parts.
But towards the south and east, the Bay of Bengal has tossed up the latest in the series of low-pressure areas under a gentle but unmistakable nudge from the South China Sea to its east.
It may be recalled that an upper-level atmospheric wave that oversaw the vigorous monsoon over the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal had transited last week to the South China Sea/West Pacific.
What it managed to come up with from the West Pacific was a ‘low’-turned-depression-turned typhoon Kalmaegi that has hit Hong Kong already and is heading towards the southwest coast of China.
The west-southwest track of Kalmaegi sent in a pulse into the Bay of Bengal that ultimately concentrated into a low-pressure area on Tuesday.
‘Low’ in bay
The run-up to the initiation of the ‘low’ saw the East Coast from Odisha to Tamil Nadu being lashed by thundershowers over the past 24 hours.
According to the US National Centres for Environmental Prediction, the eastern coast and adjoining peninsular India may witness thundershowers over the next three to four days.
Hit-or-miss thunderstorms are also expected to line up to the rest of adjoining central India right up to west Madhya Pradesh, interior Maharashtra and Karnataka.
But the south Andhra Pradesh coast and adjoining north Tamil Nadu coast (including Chennai) might witness enhanced activity over the next couple of days.
Parts of the North-eastern States may also see scaling up of rainfall as Typhoon Kalmaegi makes a landfall over southwest China, not far from the rugged terrain from the international border.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Turkey considers Isis buffer zoneSeptember 16, 2014 5:08 pm
Turkey considers buffer zone with Syria and Iraq to contain Isis
By Piotr Zalewski in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c0d4ec0-3da6-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan rues missing  political will  despite  solutions being clearE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Catch them young: 5 banking secrets your children should knowPrint
Money may not be ‘everything’ but earning, having and saving money is definitely one of the most important things to feel secure in life.
With the aim to make people aware about this and get them into the habit of saving money, learning about banks and their functioning, early in life, proves very helpful.  
Saving money is a habit that should be taught about right from childhood so that children value the importance of money, something that they will need for all of their adult life.
Here we put together some banking lessons for your children that would help them to understand the money banking system better and faster:
Lesson 1: Let them know the value of money
One of the first things that you should let your children know is that money has to be earned after putting in a lot of effort. It is not something that simply grows on trees.
You have to make them understand, preferably by showing them that money is earned by putting in hard physical and mental efforts.
Tipping your child for every small job done and saving the earnings made in a piggy bank would be the first lesson in money banking learnt.  
With passing time, you can also explain how basic everyday amenities require money.
Lesson 2: Budget plan
Once the child has reached a certain age, say 10 years, you can provide him/her with a certain amount as pocket money. However, make sure that isn’t a large amount, and ask him/her to work within that.
Having budgets and plans for expenditure is a habit that has to be started in childhood itself.
Lesson 3: Save more
When your child stubbornly insists for buying a new dress or toy that he or she has taken fancy to, don’t give in. Gently, with a smile, ask her/him to save money for buying it.
In most cases, one will find that your kid gets excited about the very idea of building a large kitty just by saving money. One simply needs to encourage that tendency.
Lesson 4: The need of investment
From piggy bank experience, children do learn about the benefits of saving money at a very tender age, but the importance of investing it has to be demonstrated before he or she will take fancy to the very idea.
By asking your child to ‘lend/loan’ you some money his/her piggy bank and you returning it back with a certain ‘interest’ after, say a month, would definitely surprise him/her. Savings made to work, to earn extra money, would prove to be one of the most important banking lessons learnt as a child.
Lesson 5: Borrowing or taking loans
A child needs to learn that people don’t give your their money for nothing. Each time your child takes or demands more money than the pocket money he or she is entitled to, make her/him aware that it will have to be returned with some ‘interest’.
On experiencing that his/her piggy bank savings have dropped after returning the money borrowed/loaned, would teach the child an important lesson that extra money has to be paid when you borrow it from others.
 
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Emami declares Rs 4/share interim dividend for FY15Emami declares 400 per cent interim dividend for FY15
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 17:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
FMCG firm Emami on Wednesday approved a 400 per cent interim dividend for its shareholders for the 2014-15 fiscal.
The Kolkata-based company's board, which met on wednesday, recommended an interim dividend of 400 per cent or Rs 4 per share for FY15, Emami said in a statement.
"The Board of Directors has declared this interim dividend in view of the continuing strong financial performance by the company," Emami Director Mohan Goenka said.
The consolidated net sales of the company grew by over 25 per cent during the first quarter of FY15 with 27 per cent growth in EBIDTA, he added.
"Our power brands continue to perform strongly, impacting market sentiments positively and enhancing shareholder value. Our new launches also continue to perform well, meeting our expectations," Emami Director Harsha V Agarwal said.
Shares of Emami closed at Rs 704.10 per scrip on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Wednesday, down 1.33 per cent from its previous close.

Amul in talks with Galactika to enter Russian marketAmul in talks with Galactika to enter Russian market
Tomojit Basu
R. S. Sodhi, Managing Director of GCMMF
Exports to take off within 3 months after completion of ongoing inspection
New Delhi, September 17:  
Russia’s decision to ban import of food products from the West has paved the way for India’s largest dairy cooperative, Amul, to make inroads into that country’s market.
Earlier this month, Amul had entered into discussions to partner with Galactika Group to export dairy products to Russia. Currently at the inspection stage, once sealed, the partnership will make Amul the first Indian dairy manufacturer to enter the sanctions-hit market.
“We have just entered into discussions with Galactika, a big and modern player, about them importing Amul products because of the sanctions. It’s a new market for us as there are no Indian dairies there currently,” said RS Sodhi, Managing Director, Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), told BusinessLine. GCMMF owns the Amul brand.
Sodhi expects exports to take off within three months after the completion of inspections.
“We need our products and plants to be approved by the Russian authorities. An Indian delegation will visit Russia as well to smoothen out the process. It will take time, about two or three months at least, and I don’t foresee any problems,” he said, refraining from putting a figure on the revenues the company hopes to earn.
Reports from Russia indicate that Galactika has a 3 per cent share in the country’s dairy market and is part of FoodLine Holding, which is among Russia’s largest dairy product distributors. While export volumes are yet to be decided, a bilateral meeting organised by the export inspection agency has already been held in New Delhi.
Sodhi felt that Russia’s fresh milk shortage opens up avenues for other dairy companies to enter the market.
“Russia represents a huge market because they are deficit in milk by about 20 per cent. It’s a big opportunity not just for Amul but also other Indian dairy companies,” he said.
Amul, which exports to various parts of the world including Caribbean, Gulf and African countries and the US, is looking to export both finished products and dairy ingredients. Exports are likely to include cheese, butter and milk powder.
Russia banned food imports from the European Union, the US, Norway, Australia and Canada, in August in response to Western sanctions. Among the products listed were dairy products, fruits and vegetables, meat and fish.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Monsoon readying to withdraw from North-WestMonsoon readying to withdraw from North-West
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, September 17:  
The India Met Department has announced that conditions are becoming favourable for the withdrawal of the monsoon from parts of northwest India.
The process may begin during the rest of this week to end a roller-coaster ride of the monsoon that has run up a deficit of 11 per cent as on date.
Rains withdraw
There is not much scope for a drastic change in the deficit situation even while not ignoring the low-pressure area in the Bay of Bengal and potential rain for parts of peninsular India.
The US Climate Prediction Centre agrees with this view, and sees the rains having already withdrawn from north-west except the western half of Jammu and Kashmir and adjoining Punjab. It also suggests that most of the gains from the ‘low’ in the Bay would pan out over peninsular India during the very last week of the month (starting Wednesday next, September 24). Till then, rains or thundershowers are seen lashing parts of the eastern coast covering mainly Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu and the adjoining interior.
Heading north
Meanwhile, other models suggested that the ‘low’ may not cross the peninsular coast but retreat back to the outer seas and chug towards Odisha-Gangetic West Bengal coast.
It would merely leave the field clear for the monsoon to withdraw from central India, especially Madhya Pradesh, in what looks like a process loaded with some intent of haste. Spins away
In this manner, the rains got dragged well into October. Meanwhile, India Met Office said on Wednesday that the ‘low’ in the Bay has already spun away north into the west-central basin off north Andhra Pradesh-south Odisha. Heavy rain is forecast for Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Odisha, coastal Andhra Pradesh and the North-eastern States over the next three days.
Rains will grow in intensity over the north-east from the weekend, indicating the track of the ‘low.’ Thundershowers are forecast for West Bengal, Sikkim, Odisha, Telangana, Rayalaseema, coastal Andhra Pradesh into early next week.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

IndiGo Inks $2.6-Billion Deal With China BankYou are here: Home Corporates
IndiGo Signs $2.6 Billion Aircraft Finance Deal with China Lender
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 15:51 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
IndiGo has signed a $2.6 billion deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Under the memorandum of understanding, ICBC will provide IndiGo, India's largest airline by market share, with financing for the planes through either a sale and lease back or commercial lending deal, the statement quoted IndiGo President Aditya Ghosh as saying.
The announcement comes on the day Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India, where the two countries are expected to sign trade and investment deals worth billions of dollars.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Wells Fargo eases lending requirementsWells Fargo eases lending requirements for apartment purchases
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/637fcb08-3d08-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google turns to soft power in EuropeThe big stick behind Google’s soft power approach to Europe
By Murad Ahmed in London and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5c3052-3e5f-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Airways to come up with better offer for JetLite pilotsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Digital ad revenue share to double in five years: PwCDigital ad revenue share to double in five years: PwC
Surajeet Das Gupta, Urvi Malvania & Viveat Susan Pinto | New Delhi/Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:57 AM IST
The internet's share in total advertising revenue is expected to double from eight per cent in 2013 to 16 per cent in 2018, according to a report by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC).
Online advertising, an estimated Rs 2,900 crore in 2013, will jump three times to about Rs 10,000 crore in five years, growing at a compound annual rate of 28 per cent. In 2011, only four per cent of Indian advertising revenue went digital.
For the first time, Indians paid Rs 25,200 crore to access the internet in 2013, higher than the Rs 22,300 crore the print medium earned in subscription and advertising, according to the study. In 2012, they spent Rs 17,100 crore for net access, while the print media made Rs 21,000 crore from subscription and advertising.
The revenue contribution of internet access to the total revenue of the media & entertainment industry has gone up from 18 per cent in 2012 to 22 per cent in 2013, while that of the print medium fell from 22 per cent in 2012 to 20 per cent in 2013.
 
The study projects that while television will continue to be the largest revenue contributor in 2018, with a 37 per cent share, internet access will become the undisputed number two, with a 29 per cent share of revenue. The print medium will be relegated to a poor number-three, with only a 14 per cent share of the total revenue.
Smita Jha, leader of the entertainment & media practice, PwC India, explained that unlike in the West, the shift of advertising online would be gradual in India. In the US, revenue from digital advertising exceeded print advertising long ago and is closing in on television.
In India, the print medium is continuing to grow, so its advertising revenue is expected to grow at seven per cent annually over the next five years, while television advertising revenue will grow at over 12 per cent. But with internet advertising going faster, its share in total advertising revenue should hit 16 per cent by 2018. Television will maintain a 40 per cent share and print advertising will move down to 34 per cent.
Media planners said advertisers were increasingly turning online but the difference in rates between the digital and traditional media was still too high. "Digital advertising is unlikely to replace print and TV advertising in India. Yes, digital advertising is growing. But you have to bear in mind that India is the only market in the world where print advertising is also growing. And print and TV will continue to be critical media vehicles in India," said Sam Balsara, chairman & managing director of Madison Group.
"The reason we continue to use TV advertising aggressively is because consumers believe a brand built on TV is trustworthy. While digital is growing, I do not think the importance of a medium like TV will diminish," said Kunal Bahl, co-founder of Snapdeal.

FinMin finalises premium payment for life cover under Jan Dhan YojanaFinMin finalises premium payment for life cover under Jan Dhan Yojana
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The finance ministry, in consultation with the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has finalised the arrangement for payment of premium towards life insurance cover under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
It has been decided to set aside Rs 50 crore from the Social Security Fund, managed by LIC and worth about Rs 1,800 crore, sources said.
This would be a revolving fund and LIC would manage it, sources said, adding that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to approve the arrangement soon.
A Social Security Fund (SSF) was set up in 1988-89 for providing social security through group insurance schemes to the weaker and vulnerable sections of society. The SSF is administered by LIC for meeting insurance requirements of the segment.
Under the Jan Dhan Yojana,  anyone who opens an account before January 26, 2015, would get Rs 30,000 life insurance cover. This benefit was added by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he launched the scheme on August 28.
Under the scheme, banks have opened 30.2 million accounts as of September 8, 2014, and mobilised about Rs 1,500 crore. Of the total accounts opened, 18.9 million are in rural areas and 11.3 million are in urban areas.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the scheme so far which works out to Rs 495 per account.
In order to spread financial inclusion, banks have been asked to open 75 million accounts by January 26.
The scheme envisages to provide one account to 150 million unbanked households across the country in the first phase. For this, banks have been asked to set up camps from 8 AM to 8 PM on every Saturday to facilitate the opening of accounts.
Two helplines — 1800-180-111 and 1800-110-001 — have been set up to answer queries related to the scheme.
The new scheme, sources said, is a significant improvement over the UPA's financial inclusion programme. The earlier scheme had no focus on households and no emphasis was given on urban financial inclusion, according to some experts. Besides, they maintained there was a cumbersome Know Your Customer (KYC) formality, restricting account opening.
Other deficiencies cited include lack of credit disbursement and 47 per cent of business correspondents being untraceable, resulting in inactive accounts.
The new scheme, sources said, has tried to address all the possible deficiencies and its monitoring would be done at state and district levels.
The 'mission mode' approach has been envisaged with the finance minister as head of the mission.

Scotland has to be braver to build strong banksScotland has to be braver to build strong banks
By John Gapper
The mechanisms the country will need as an independent entity take courage and a lot of time
On Thursday, Scotland may set out on the bumpy path to independence from the rest of the UK. Its banking system is likely to work only if it is braver and more far-sighted than Alex Salmond, the Scottish National party leader, during the campaign.
There is no inherent reason for Scotland to lack well-regulated banks that offer a solid foundation for its economy, despite the short- and medium-term disruption. Unlike other breakaway countries, its people are very experienced at running them. Most banks would be foreign-owned, at least at first, but that is not a disaster.
More
Two sides of Virgin
But Scotland’s banks would remain fragile if the country clung to Mr Salmond’s timidity. There is little support for a currency union in the rest of the UK; and trying to retain the pound with an arrangement such as a currency board, as he has mooted, would undermine the banks’ foundations.
Scotland would have to take the plunge by creating its own currency and giving its people the incentive they would otherwise lack to keep their money in domestic banks backed by its own central bank and deposit insurance. If it resisted, it would suffer from deposit flight and weak institutions.
Scotland’s problem – that its banking sector is too large in relation to its economy for investors to believe it could handle a financial crisis – is being solved for it. If there is a Yes vote, Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds plan to redomicile their holding companies in London to retain Bank of England support.
Mr Salmond has railed against the leaking of their plans but the banks have done him a favour by being honest. An independent Scotland could not support a banking sector 12 times the size of its gross domestic product, and it would not have to. It would lose some jobs, but it would shed a severe liability.
More video
Scotland does not need a huge banking sector, bloated by the reckless growth globally and in the UK of RBS and Bank of Scotland before the 2008 financial crisis. It gains from being an international centre for asset management and insurance but its economy requires only modest-sized banks.
In this context, sterling is a trap. Mr Salmond claims he could cajole or blackmail (by threatening to repudiate Scotland’s public debt) the remaining UK into a currency union but that is deeply implausible. If the SNP kept the pound, it could do so only with a mechanism that made lending treacherous.
First, its banks would lack a lender of last resort. Scotland would re-run its experiment in “free banking”, which operated between the 1707 Act of Union between England and Scotland and the Scottish Bank Notes Act of 1854. Instead of the banks’ liabilities being underwritten by a central bank, they would need to retain more capital themselves.
This worked for a time in the 18th century’s common currency zone – despite bank collapses – winning praise from Adam Smith, the economist, among others. But it would be a sizeable risk and force Scottish banks to have more capital, squeezing their lending capacity.
Second, it would be too easy for Scots to deposit money in UK banks rather than Scottish ones. Both would take the currency and UK banks would offer central bank support and established deposit insurance. Scotland intends to create its own deposit scheme, but that would be new and untested.
RBS and Lloyds announced their moves amid pressure to head off deposit flight, and the problem would worsen after independence. Scottish banks and the Scottish subsidiaries of UK banks would be severely constrained by the double bind of higher capital requirements and flighty deposits.
Banks in an independent Scotland would need an independent currency to solve the capital and deposit problems. That would give them the backing of a central bank, easing their demand for surplus capital, and reassuring both their investors and depositors about their underlying strength.
A new currency would also put a barrier in the way of money being diverted to UK banks operating in sterling. Most Scots would hold cash in domestic banks because there would be no easy alternative (unless and until Scotland joined the euro), just as domestic banks are favoured the world over.
It sounds simple but would be far from simple in practice, which is why Mr Salmond and the SNP have tried to stamp out the currency debate during the campaign. All loans and savings would have to be redenominated and financial institutions – from its government and central bank to banks themselves – would need to establish credibility.
There are many pitfalls to creating a new currency and banking system. Banks in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, for example, grew too fast and were hit by crises after leaving the former Soviet Union. It has taken 25 years for them and their regulators to adapt.
Scotland, though, has an advantage. The Baltic countries had not tried it before but the Scots are old banking hands. Bank of Scotland, although it went astray, is nearly as old as the Bank of England, and HSBC was founded and run by Scots expatriates.
It knows how to build strong banks, all right, but that takes time and requires real independence.

Corporate tax avoidanceA first blow against corporate tax avoidance
The reform package approved by OECD states is a promising start
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecfc6c6c-3e50-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland  guns and politicsScotland, guns, politics and the companies that do not speak up
By Michael Skapinker
It is striking when businesses keep quiet on certain issues given their lobbying at other times
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89106d6e-3cc2-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

3  Real Money  Tips to Read Before You Buy a Car3 ‘Real Money’ Tips to Read Before You Buy a Car
 
By ABC News
Sep 17, 2014 5:30pm
The Smiths of Atlanta have a full house, four young children going in four different directions and just one car to get them where they need to go.
Maria Smith, a stay-at-home mother, said the family’s car – a 2006 Honda Odyssey – had 160,000 miles on the odometer.
“We drive everywhere,” she told ABC News. “We travel a lot.”
She and husband Cedric Smith, an IT specialist, said they were in the market for a safe, used car but did not want to be taken for a spin.
“Buying a car was one of the most stressful experiences ever,” she said. “I mean, honestly, I’ve been putting it off for a long time because I just, I hate the idea of it.”
Tricia Whitlock of the popular tech blog Hypepotamus said consumers could put the brakes on car-buying stress by following her simple tips.
1. Find out what others are paying for the exact same car, new or used, with apps like True Car , and use the information to negotiate at the dealership.
2. Know when to buy. Good times are the end of the month or the end of the year. And avoid Saturdays.
“You’re much better going in the middle of the month, picking a car that’s right for you and then going back at the end of the month when those sales guys are going to be hitting their quotas,” Whitlock said.
3. Buy online. If you want to avoid the middleman when buying a used car, and save thousands of dollars, consider purchasing a car at an online dealership like Carvana . Carvana does a 150-point inspection on its used cars so there are no surprises for the consumers.

US warns of further insider chargesUS warns of further insider trading charges
By Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ac65c00-3ead-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US approves plan to arm Syrian rebelsUS approves plan to arm Syrian rebels
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b26e9968-3eb8-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mediobanca returns to profitMediobanca returns to profit
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ccba5faa-3e7c-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The (obscene) cost of hedge fundsReddit
Part of the No Alternative: the zombie hedge fund industry series
Two-thirds of all hedge funds ever to report to a database are dead and defunct, yet their investment record lives on and the industry is hungry for fees...

Rupee plunges  tracks dollar s gains overseasRupee trims losses as shares gain
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 02:10 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 61.01 vs previous close of 60.92/93. Strong gains in shares capped the losses.
 
The Indian unit earlier hit an intra-day session low 61.2050.
 
The Nifty is up 1.47%.
 
Asia forex is down after dovish Fed comments.
 

Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: reportAlibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: report
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 09:33 AM IST
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is in talks with online retailer Snapdeal to enter India, the Economic Times reported on Thursday, citing two people aware of the development.
Alibaba, whose shares are set to debut on the US market on Friday in what could be the world's largest ever initial public offering, has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, the daily reported.
Snapdeal, in which Ratan Tata, the former chairman of salt-to-steel Tata conglomerate, holds a stake, is also attracting attention from Japan's largest e-commerce company Rakuten Inc and telecommunications firm SoftBank Corp, the report said, citing investment banking sources.
Snapdeal spokeswoman said the company does not comment on speculation, while Alibaba was not available for immediate comment when reached by Reuters.
Alibaba increased the price range on its initial public offering to $66 to $68 on Monday, reflecting strong demand from investors for the year's most anticipated debut.

PowerYourTrade subscription rate to go up from Oct 1PowerYourTrade Offers to You
Power Calls
Get trading calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Multi Baggers
Our experts panel will help you to get you those life-changing stocks, tomorrow's bluechips today. Find hidden gems that will gain steadily, and safely here.
Commodity Calls
Get commodity calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Heard on the Street
Our correspondents bring news to your computer screens and mobile phones. Get the buzz here before anyone hears of it.
Stock Signs
Our Research department tracks the market through the hours to unearth stocks poised to move.
Market Outlook
Read where the experts see the market levels moving in the near term.
© 2014 PowerYourTrade.com India. All Rights Reserved.
A Web18 Venture.

Rupee Weakens to Over 1-Month Low on Broad Dollar RallyThe rupee was trading at 61.19 vs previous close of 60.92/93. Asian currencies fell versus the US dollar.
At its day's low, the rupee fell to 61.21
The Fed renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time." But some investors spooked after the Fed indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
The dollar index was up 0.37 per cent, highest in four years.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 10:50 (IST)

Tiger Global leads $60 mn investment in QuikrE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5 things to know about Adil Zainulbhai  Modi s latest team member5 things to know about Adil Zainulbhai, Modi's latest team member
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:15 AM IST
Continuing his efforts to fortify the 'Made in India' brand, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hand-picked former McKinsey India chief Adil Zainulbhai to head the Quality Council of India. The agency is an autonomous body charged with becoming one of the world’s top quality facilitation, accreditation and surveillance organisations. The Council is mandated with continuously improving the climate, systems, processes and skills for quality in areas like education, healthcare, environment, infrastructure, governance and social sectors.
ALSO READ:  Modi picks former McKinsey India chief to head quality council
 
Zainulbhai’s appointment sends out the message that the government is serious about improving the reputation and image of India-made products. The appointment is in keeping with Modi's call to make "Made in India" a recognised and trusted brand globally.
When asked by US News on India's position 10 years from now, Zainulbhai said  if we have 10 to 15 years of 7 to 8 percent growth, we will take another 300 million people out of poverty. We will have raised people's living standards dramatically. Most of our industries will be five times the size that they are today. 
 
He is now being offered a chance to take India there.
Through a career in consulting, Zainulbhai has advised CEOs of many companies but consultants are also notorious for not shining a light on themselves since their business model is based on discretion and confidentiality. 
 
But here are here are 5 things you must know about Adil Zainulbhai, India’s newest head of Quality.
 
1) Adil Zainulbhai is a mechanical Engineer from the 1977 batch of IIT-Bombay and a post-graduate from Harvard Business School – he is currently President of HBS’s alumni association in India. He rubbed shoulders with Meg Whitman of eBay and Jeff Skilling of Enron fame during his HBS days – and many others during his long career at McKinsey & Co. In his downtime, when he is not trying out the latest gizmo, he can be found sailing or skiing with his family. 
 
2) Zainulbhai retired from McKinsey India as its chairman after 34 years with the legendary consulting firm, 24 of which were in the US. Zainulbhai joined McKinsey in 1979 straight out of HBS; he set up the Minneapolis, Minnesota, office and later led the McKinsey office in the US capital of Washington D.C., helping clients across sectors as diverse as telecommunications, consumer electronics, energy, banking, infrastructure, and healthcare.. 
 
3) Zainulbhai returned to head the India office out of Mumbai in 2004, and is still a senior advisor to the firm, counselling CEOs of some of India’s largest companies across sectors. According to the McKinsey website, he has helped several companies become global leaders and helped leading MNCs build large profitable business in India. 
 
4) He is also deeply concerned with strengthening India’s public sector and contributing to the nation’s development, and works closely with senior government leaders to drive growth and raise living standards. In that sense, his latest appointment is a formal extension of what he has already been doing in as a private citizen.  A strong believer in technology, Zainulbhai said in an interview to The Diplomat that technology can help leapfrog developments in key social sectors such as education, healthcare, and financial inclusion. 
 
5) Like many of his global peers, Zainulbhai is also involved with a number of non-profits, providing them with his mentorship and advice. He serves on the boards of such high-profile organisations as American India Foundation – which was famously founded by Indian American business leaders at the behest of then President Bill Clinton in the aftermath of the 2001 Gujarat earthquake – the CII National Council, Saifee Hospital and the Saifee Burhani Upliftment Trust, which is redeveloping Mumbai’s Bhendi Bazaar. 
 
He also serves on the advisory boards of the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, the Wockhardt Foundation, and the Health Management Research Institute, as well as on the global advisory board of the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago. 
 

Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus include default kill switchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple iOS 8 review: Android can t compete with iOS  evolving unity28
2
New York: The scores of new features in Apple's software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.
ALSO SEE Apple's HealthKit gets bitten by a bug before iOS 8 launch
Google's Android software can't compete with iOS' evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables. Apple knows what goes into the few products it makes and can break down the walls between them.
The scores of new features in Apple's software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
#ios 8 #ios review #apple #operating system
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features. The new software will also come with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come out Friday.
Here's a look at those "unity" features - and why iOS 8 is worth installing:
You can start tasks on one device and finish on another.
Let's say you're typing an email reply on your iPhone when you realize the message will be quite lengthy. You can pick up your iPad and finish there. With the upcoming Yosemite update for Mac computers, liking coming next month, you'll be able to use the Mac's physical keyboard, too.
Picking up a task on a second device is easy. Just slide up the small app icon on that device's lock screen, be it an iPhone or an iPad. On Macs with Yosemite, click the icon on the bottom left.
For now, this capability is limited to a handful of apps, including Apple's Maps, Calendar, Mail, Messages and the Safari Web browser. And when you try to open a Web page on a second device, you still have to scroll down to where you were. With Maps, on the other hand, it takes me to the location I was viewing on the other device.
This feature, known as Handoff, will be more useful once outside developers take advantage of it. LG and Samsung have offered similar integration of their phones and tablets, but neither does it as extensively.
You'll be able to use your iPad or Mac to send texts or make phone calls.
Currently, you can send text-like messages from iPads and Macs with the Messages app, but the recipient also needs Messages. That excludes Android users. With iOS 8, those iPad and Mac messages will get relayed through the iPhone, so you can reach any other phone. The texting capabilities won't be coming until next month, though.
What you can do now is use the iPad and the Mac to make and receive calls. The devices have to be on the same Wi-Fi network, so this won't help if you left your phone at work. But it's useful if the phone is charging in another room. Call quality was about what I'd expect from a speakerphone.
You'll be able to do more without switching from app to app.
If a text message comes in as you're browsing the Web, you can pull down the notification and reply right there. You don't need to leave the Web browser and launch Messages first. You can also delete an email or accept a calendar invite that way.
There are some limitations, though: You get only one reply for text messages. You then have to wait for another message to come in or open the full app. With email, you can mark a message as read or delete it, but you can't reply. Like Handoff, this will be more useful once more apps take advantage of it and let you do more.
Meanwhile, if you're chatting with a bunch of friends, you can see their locations (as long as they've shared it) without having to leave Messages to open a separate Find My Friends app.
Members of the same households can share calendars and music more easily.
You pick up to five family members to join your network, for a total of six. These need to be people you trust, as they'll be using your credit card to make purchases. You can require approval for purchases, such as for kids' accounts.
Family members will be able to share each other's books, music, video and apps, so Mom, Dad and Junior won't need to buy separate copies of the "Frozen" movie. A family calendar and a shared photo album also get set up. The individual still gets to decide which photos and videos show up there for other family members to see.
And there's more ...
The walls between Apple apps and third-party apps are breaking down. For example, outside developers will be able to use Apple's fingerprint authentication system with iOS 8. Before, it was limited to a few Apple services.
Beyond these "unity" features, owners of the new iPhones will be able to pay for goods simply by holding their device near a credit card terminal at retail stores. All iOS 8 users get quicker ways to type messages and reach favourite and recent contacts.
Although you don't need to rush out to upgrade your devices right away, it'll eventually be worthwhile to do so, especially if you have a recent device or multiple Apple devices. While last year's iOS 7 offered cosmetic changes and new gesture controls, this year's update comes with plenty of new functionality.
48

Microsoft launches Universal Mobile Keyboard; compatible with iPad  iPhone  Android and Windows devicesSep 18, 2014 at  10:31am IST
Microsoft launches Universal Mobile Keyboard; compatible with iPad, iPhone, Android and Windows devices
39
0
New Delhi: Microsoft has announced the launch of a new Universal Mobile Keyboard that works with iPad, iPhone, Android devices and Windows tablets. The new Mobile Keyboard has an OS switch that lets you change from one operating system to another while maintaining a fully functional keyboard.
The keyboard features a chiclet-style keyset to make typing easier for you. According to Microsoft, the Universal Mobile Keyboard has been built with portability in mind.
"It's easy and quick to set up, especially on the go. Simply open the protective cover and the keyboard automatically turns on, and connects using Bluetooth. Shut the cover, and it instantly turns off," explains Microsoft in a blog post.
The new Mobile Keyboard has an OS switch that lets you change from one operating system to another.
The cover has an integrated stand that can be detached. The Universal Mobile Keyboard will be available from October 2014 at $79.95.
14

BSE Sensex recovers from initial losses; Sun Pharma  Hero MotoCorp leadBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty rise most in 4 mths on US Fed booster shot, China ties
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
 

Modern slavery  in Malaysia electronics factories: SurveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Crompton up 2%  Citi advises buy on potential asset saleSep 18, 2014, 11.55 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Crompton up 2%, Citi advises buy on potential asset sale
"A potential sale could value the business at higher valuations than what the broader market is prepared to accord to the business based on near-term EPS (deflated by losses in international subsidiaries)," said Citi.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crompton up 2%, Citi advises buy on potential asset sale
"A potential sale could value the business at higher valuations than what the broader market is prepared to accord to the business based on near-term EPS (deflated by losses in international subsidiaries)," said Citi.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to buy shares of  Crompton Greaves on Thursday after Citi advises buying the stock (with a target price of Rs 234) on the basis of potential asset sale though the business recovery is yet to happen. The stock rallied as much as 1.8 percent in addition to 4 percent upside in previous session.
The company board, on July 17, proposed to demerge its consumer products business unit into a separate listed company.
The board believes that such a demerger will create better growth opportunities for its two large but significantly different businesses - power, industrial and automation which is a B2B business, and the consumer products business which is B2C. It also believes that this will create a more flexible capital structure for the two businesses to grow independently, allow them to pursue more ambitious strategic goals and, thus, create further value for existing shareholders.
Besides the demerger, the media report last year indicated potential sale of the power and industrial business by the company. "A potential sale could value the business at higher valuations than what the broader market is prepared to accord to the business based on near-term EPS (deflated by losses in international subsidiaries)," said Citi.
In August, CNBC-TV18 had reported that the company sold 35 acres of factory land in Kanjurmarg to Runwal Group for Rs 1,015 crore but later on the company clarified saying the news was speculative. "No agreement for sale of Kanjur land has been approved by the board," said the company.
According to the brokerage, if the press reports are true, it could help reduce consolidated net debt of Rs 1,580 crore end FY14 and also help boost earnings per share through lower interest costs.
However, Citi reduced FY15-16E EPS by 4-24 percent on slower than expected recovery in its business. The brokerage adjusted target price marginally to Rs 234 as it increased multiple to 23x (22x) to bring it on par with target P/E multiple of 23x March 16E for Voltas.
According to the report, there are no signs of business recovery yet.
"We have sat through five quarters of more or less similar consolidated profits (Rs 58.4 crore to Rs 64 crore) and EBITDA margins (4.6-5 percent) waiting for the international business to recover. Nothing has changed, other than the goalposts of improvement, which have progressively been moved forward by the management. Beyond what management guides, we wonder if one can predict when or what quantum of recovery is likely to happen," it explained.
For the quarter ended June 2014, the company had reported a profit of Rs 64 crore (against Rs 60 crore Y-o-Y) on revenue of Rs 3,441.5 crore (Rs 3,194.8 crore in the year-ago period).
At 11:40 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 218.15, up Rs 2.60, or 1.21 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

INOX Leisure up 5.5% on likely Satyam Cineplexes mergerSep 18, 2014, 02.14 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
INOX Leisure up 5.5% on likely Satyam Cineplexes merger
INOX Leisure had bought Satyam earlier this year for Rs 182 crore in order to expand its presence and compete with market leader PVR Cinemas.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
INOX Leisure up 5.5% on likely Satyam Cineplexes merger
INOX Leisure had bought Satyam earlier this year for Rs 182 crore in order to expand its presence and compete with market leader PVR Cinemas.
Post your opinion here
Read more at: http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/buzzing-stocks/crompton2-citi-advises-buypotential-asset-sale_1182301.html?utm_source=ref_article
Moneycontrol Bureau
Read more at: http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/buzzing-stocks/crompton2-citi-advises-buypotential-asset-sale_1182301.html?utm_source=ref_article
Shares of multiplex operator  INOX Leisure Limited rallied as much as 5.5 percent on Thursday on news that the company is mulling a merger with its wholly-owned subsidiary Satyam Cineplexes Limited (Satyam).
INOX Leisure had bought Satyam earlier this year for Rs 182 crore in order to expand its presence and compete with market leader  PVR Cinemas.
With this acquisition, INOX Leisure increased its screen count to 358, with 91 multiplexes across 50 cities.
The INOX Leisure board will be meeting on September 25 to decide on the merger.
Deepak Asher, president and director- INOX Leisure (in an interview to CNBC-TV18) said that the merger with Satyam makes sense so that they can enjoy combined benefits of the revenue.
“Satyam is amongst the best properties in the multiplex industry and our own average ticket price on a blended basis has witnessed a significant growth because of Satyam ticket prices being almost the highest in the industry, so all that is a positive,” he further added.
At 11:50 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 169.95, up Rs 6.90, or 4.23 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Ritika Dange

As Modi  Jinping meet in Delhi  Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory in LadakhSep 18, 2014 at 11:35am IST
As Modi, Jinping meet in Delhi, Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory in Ladakh
56
1
Leh/New Delhi: Heightening tension, the Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours on Thursday, hours before the summit meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Both the armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other.
The entire issue started on Sunday when Indian troops detected a construction activity being undertaken by the Chinese side well within the Indian territory in Chumar area, official sources said, adding the army stopped the activity and increased its strength. The two sides have held two flag meetings so far which included a marathon discussion yesterday that continued for several hours and remained inconclusive.
The Chinese side had pushed in more troops on Wednesday morning as well, the sources said, adding the number of People's Liberation Army personnel stood at nearly 500 with an equal matcher from the Indian side as well. Chumar, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with the Chinese side making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area.
The Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area.
#chinese incursion #india #china #ladakh
The PLA has been making repeated bids to claim Chumar as part of Chinese territory but has been thwarted every time by the Indian army.
The sources said the Chinese side were also carrying out defence work on their side. Under the agreement between the two sides, any country indulging in defence construction has to inform the other sides.
Meanwhile, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads - Rebos - had pitched their tents continued. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
121

Crude oil price of Indian basket rises 0.8%Crude oil price of Indian basket rises 0.8%
SBI could be the first mover in lowering deposit ratesSBI could be the first mover in lowering deposit rates
Radhika Merwin
While banks may have enough leeway now to tweak deposit rates, most may wait until the RBI’s policy announcement due by the month-end to tweak rates.
September 16, 2014:  
Deposit rates that have been ruling high for the last year or so may finally start heading down. Or so it seems after India’s largest bank — SBI — revised its rates down by 25 basis points for deposits in the one-three-year category effective September 18. Deposits for this tenure will now fetch 8.75 per cent — most banks on an average offer 9 per cent for similar deposits.
Heading down?
So, with the largest bank cutting its deposit rates, are other banks likely to follow suit as well? Many feel that an easier liquidity situation coupled with slowing credit growth may see others cut rates too.
On an average, deposit rates have been increased by 30 basis points across all tenures by all banks in the last one year. The Reserve Bank of India increased the key repo rate by 75 basis points between May 2013 and now. Banks have thus kept both lending as well deposit rates up in the last one year.
Deposit rates are a function of a bank’s cost of funds, liquidity situation and lending opportunities. If a bank has ample liquidity it may have enough headroom to bring down cost of funds by lowering deposit rates. Credit growth too, matters when deciding rates. If a bank has enough lending opportunities to deploy its funds, it may be able to pay better rates for its deposits. On the other hand, in a slowing credit growth scenario, banks would prefer to shed high cost deposits, to keep margins intact.
Credit growth in the banking system has fallen to 10.9 per cent recently, the lowest in a long time. Over the last two years of prolonged slowdown, credit growth for banks has slipped substantially. In 2012-13 and 2013-14 credit growth dipped to 13-14 per cent from 17-20 per cent in earlier years.
Banks have, hence, found it difficult to sustain margins. For one, they have not been able to pass on rate hikes by the RBI to customers in the form of higher lending rates. The average base rate (to which all lending rates are linked) for banks has only gone up by 5 basis points in 2013-14. However, given the tight liquidity scenario last year, banks kept deposit rates high to prevent flight of deposits. Average deposit rates went up by 30 basis points during the same period.
Given that now the liquidity situation for banks has improved substantially over the last year and credit growth is still languishing, banks may finally start to cut rates on deposits.
“Liquidity has been reasonably good for our bank for sometime now and corporate credit has not picked up in a big way. There is no point paying for deposits which cannot be deployed in profitable lending activities,” says K R Kamath, Chairman and Managing Director of Punjab National Bank.
While banks may have enough leeway now to tweak deposit rates, most may wait until the RBI’s policy announcement due by the month-end to tweak rates.
“We will hold rates maybe till policy and then take a call. For now, we are doing away with our bulk deposit rates for one year, which was marginally (5 basis points) higher,” adds Kamath.
Mixed signals
But there are others who believe that it may be early days yet to expect a widespread rate cut and that it would depend on individual banks’ asset liability situation (ALM).
“While SBI has cut rates for 1-3 year deposits, it has also raised its deposit rate for the 180 days to 210 days' bucket. The signal is quite mixed and one should not read too much from this action,” says Dr Rupa Rege Nitsure, Chief Economist, Bank of Baroda.
“The intent could be to pave the way for concessions on retail loans in the upcoming festive season. So far as Bank of Baroda is concerned, we do not have pressure of excess liquidity as we have consciously and in significant manner reduced our dependence on high cost, preferential rate deposits since the beginning of the current financial year. Hence, we intend to maintain ‘status quo’ on interest rates.”
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

MNS cut to size in Lok Sabha polls  Raj Thackeray maintains silence on poll strategyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India  says reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ultrasound as good as CT scan for initial diagnosis of kidney stones: studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NASA s Maven spacecraft reaches Mars this weekendE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Realty shares rally; CNX Realty index surges over 4%Realty shares rally; CNX Realty index surges over 4%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:06 PM IST
Shares of real estate companies have rallied by up to 11% on the bourses on reports that the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2013 is likely to come up for consideration in Rajya Sabha in the forthcoming Winter Session.
Unitech, Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL), Indiabulls Real Estate, Oberoi Realty, DLF, D B Realty and Anant Raj Industries are up 4-11% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The NSE CNX Realty index, a gauge of real estate companies, has rallied 4.3% compared to 1.2% rise in benchmark CNX Nifty at 1200 hours.
The Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Ministry has called a meeting of all concerned on September 19 to discuss the issue, a PTI report suggests. The bill is crucial for paving way for construction of a large number of affordable houses and is slated to come up in the Rajya Sabha during the Winter Session of Parliament, it adds.
Among individual stocks, Unitech has surged 11% to Rs 25.90 on NSE. The stock opened at Rs 22.90 and touched a high of Rs 25.90 so far. A combined 70 million shares already changed hands on the counter till noon deals against an average 50 million shares that were traded daily in past two weeks on NSE and BSE. HDIL and Indiabulls Real Estate surged 7% to Rs 91.70 and Rs 69.05 respectively. DB Realty, DLF and Oberoi Realty are up 4% each.

US solar and wind start to outshine gasUS solar and wind start to outshine gas
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8627a7a-3e82-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee hits day s low of 61.20 | Crude nears $98You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee plunges 25 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had ended 13 paise…)
MUMBAI: The rupee fell by 25 paise to 61.17 against the US currency in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar against other currencies in global market after the US Fed stating it would keep its easy-money policy, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
The rupee had ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the greenback in yesterday's trade following sustained dollar selling by exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 118.09 points, or 0.44 per cent, to 26,513.20 in early trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Worst Border Face-off as Jinping Meets Modi; Incursion Issue on the TableWorst Border Face-off as Jinping Meets Modi; Incursion Issue on the Table
Apple Inc s iOS 8 upgrade for iPhones  iPads: Should you do it nowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dollar-adjusted Sensex still 20% from all time highsDollar-adjusted Sensex still 20% from all time highs
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:44 PM IST
The The S&P BSE Dollex 30, an index which looks at Sensex returns adjusted for changes in the dollar exchange rate, is currently at 3,626.08.
The highest level for the index was 4,365. It will need to gain another 738.92 points or more than 20% to reach its previous all time highs. The Sensex has been touching new all-time highs repeatedly. It crossed the 27,000 mark earlier in the month.
The difference between the two indices is because of the difference in exchange rates during the two times. The going rate for a dollar during January 2008 was around the Rs 40. This is now near Rs 61, a 50% difference.
While a falling rupee erodes the gains of existing foreign investors, it makes Indian stocks cheaper for fresh money.
Foreign institutional investors or FIIs(now called Foreign Portfolio Investors or FPIs) have been net buyers in Indian equities by over Rs 84,000 crore in this calendar year.  These foreign flows are expected to continue to be strong, according to Karvy Stock Broking's 'India Equity:Diwali Strategy' note
"The revival in global risk appetite has resulted in fresh FII inflows into emerging market equities with India turning out to be a big beneficiary. India has been one of the top performing equity markets since January this year with fresh equity inflows of 12.5 billion dollars. We expect the remaining months of this fiscal to witness similar amount of inflows," it said.

Besides liquidity  global markets will take cues from growth: Abhay LaijawalaBesides liquidity, markets will take cues from growth: Abhay Laijawala
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 10:48 PM IST
 
With the US Federal Reserve suggesting there was “considerable time” before a rate increase, the markets saw a relief rally on Thursday. Abhay Laijawala, managing director and head of research at Deutsche Equities India, tells Puneet Wadhwa he expects investors differentiating between emerging markets, in terms of markets that will better weather the US Fed’s exit from its quantitative easing (QE) programme. India, he says, will stand out, given the significant improvement in external vulnerability indicators. Edited excerpts:
What do you think of the outcome of the meeting of the US Fed’s Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC)? When is the US Fed likely to raise rates?
Relative to areas on which the Street was generally concerned, we see the FOMC’s statement of “considerable time” as an indication the Fed will be on a hold mode. And, it has said the economy is expanding at a moderate pace and labour market conditions improving somewhat. At the same time, it has added there is significant underutilisation of labour resources. So, broadly, the policy is status quo, with some degree of hawkishness, though only at the margin.
What explains the mixed reactions across Asian markets?
Hong Kong could have been weak due to China-related factors. We have generally seen Chinese markets being soft. Following the Fed meeting, we have seen yields on US 10-year bonds rise a tad. Before the policy announcement, these were at 2.59 per cent and closed marginally higher at 2.61 per cent, indicating the reaction of bond markets was muted.
Also, the dollar showed some signs of strengthening, rising to 1.28 against the euro. The movement might also be a consequence of fear over what happens in Scotland on Thursday. I am surprised no one in India is giving much cognisance to the Scottish referendum, which could be an event of global macro risks, in case Scotland opts for independence.
We have seen Europe consider QE measures, even as the US prepares to wind down its bond purchase programme. What are the implications of this for the global economy and markets?
We are seeing very interesting trends. The US is withdrawing from QE, but given the weakness and continuing deflation-related concerns in Europe, prospects of an ECB (European Central Bank) QE remain high. But more than QE and its implications, we need to assess what is happening to global growth. Equity markets, apart from infusion of liquidity (Europe can potentially offset tighter liquidity conditions elsewhere), will take cues from what happens to global growth. As far as global growth is concerned, we remain very positive on the US, and remain at the margin on Europe. That is, we still expect growth in Europe this year at 0.8 per cent.
China’s central bank is said to be injecting 500 billion yuan ($81 billion) into the five biggest state-owned banks in that country. How should one interpret this?
China is only infusing liquidity into its banking system. This doesn’t change anything for India.
How will flows into emerging markets pan out through the next 6-12 months?
With the strengthening of the US economy, flows into emerging markets will probably be impacted. Through the next 6-12 months, we see investors differentiating between emerging markets, in terms of markets that will be able to weather the US Fed’s QE exit better. Therefore, investors will look out for macroeconomic fundamentals and the relative external vulnerabilities of the individual emerging markets.
Which emerging markets will be able to manage this better and which will be at risk?
We believe India will stand out as this trend plays out, given the significant improvements in the external vulnerability indicators — the current account deficit and the relative stability of the rupee. In addition, through the last two-three months, consensus GDP (gross domestic product) growth estimates for many emerging markets have been cut, but those for India have been scaled up. Recently, the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) released an assessment of global economic growth in which it slashed the growth forecasts of most economies, India being an exception.
How does India appear as an investment destination? Will foreign institutional investors be willing to put in more money?
Investors will primarily consider how the earnings cycle pans out. So, considering earnings expectations for FY15 and FY16, between 15-18 per cent consensus earnings, seen rising to about 20 per cent through the December quarter, we believe investors will continue to pump in money.
What are the other triggers for Indian markets?
The macro economy, as well as how the government moves towards big-bang reforms. At this point, we are watching developments unfold in New Delhi; investors are watching what the government is doing. The government is taking proactive measures to move things on the ground. But the markets will need to see action on reforms such as a rise in the FDI (foreign direct investment) cap in insurance, the rationalisation of fuel prices and other second-generation reforms such as constructive progress on GST (goods and services tax).
Do you think this has become a ‘sell-on-rise’ market rather than a buy-on-dips one?
We continue to have a very positive view of the markets. We have a December-end target of 28,000 on the BSE Sensex.
By when do you expect the Reserve Bank of India to alter its policy stance?
Looking at the projected inflation till the end of 2015, it appears there won’t be room to cut rates in a sustainable and credible manner for another year.
How do you see key macro variables such as the rupee and inflation pan out through the next 6-12 months?
We expect the rupee to be at 60-62 against the dollar. We believe India will embark on an East Asian model, under which the rupee will stay weaker for a long duration. While we don’t expect the rupee to depreciate, we don’t expect any significant appreciation, too.
How so valuations seem? What’s your market/portfolio strategy amid this backdrop?
The market is trading at 16 times the one-year forward earnings, which doesn’t appear stretched, given the support of 16-17 per cent earnings growth (compounded annual growth) over FY15-16.
In terms of our portfolio strategy, we like consumer discretionary, banks (private and select public sector ones) and oil & gas companies, particularly those that will benefit from subsidy rationalisation.
Does this factor in geopolitical risks?
The Scottish referendum will be out of the way soon. So, the locus of geopolitical risks will again shift to what happens in Iraq and how the US deals with the Islamic State. During the worst of the crisis, if oil prices stay range-bound around the $100/barrel mark, we see a reasonably low probability of these events leading to any major spurt in oil prices. That’s because demand estimates have been scaled down by the International Energy Association (IEA). At the beginning of the year, the IEA had pegged global demand at 1.3 million barrels a day, which was slashed to about 0.9 million barrels a day last week. Second, there are positive supply-related responses, including shale gas increase in the US.

Di Bella Coffee begins second innings in IndiaDi Bella Coffee brews second stint in India
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 08:38 PM IST
A year after snapping ties with local partner Sachin Sabharwal, Di Bella Coffee, one of Australia’s leading cafe chains, has begun its second innings in India. Phillip Di Bella, founder of Di Bella Coffee, told Business Standard the company’s parent, Espresso Enterprises, had acquired five per cent stake in a company called AL Global Group, which was licensed to set up stores in India, West Asia, the UK, the EU and Africa. “This company has seven stores, four in Mumbai and three in Hyderabad, which were transferred from the erstwhile joint venture between Sachin Sabharwal and me,” Di Bella said. “We are launching a new store in Mumbai and re-launching two existing stores in the city. By the end of this year, we will add another seven stores, mostly in Mumbai.”
Last year, Di Bella had terminated the licence agreement with joint venture company Di Bella India, claiming Sabharwal had violated the deal by selling his stake (amounting to 70 per cent) to third-party members without notifying him or the parent company. Subsequently, the matter was settled out of court. The 39-year-old Di Bella, ranked among Australia’s youngest millionaires, didn’t indicate who his Indian partner was this time. He said he planned to set up 100-150 stores through the next three years, adding he aimed to expand into Delhi and Hyderabad, too.
“By the end of this year, our headquarters-cum-training-centre will be set up in Mumbai. We are also contemplating a roasting facility in the city by next year.”
To set up new stores and a corporate office this year, AL Global will initially invest Rs 24-25 crore. Further investment would depend on the need for capital, Di Bella said, declining to indicate when the company was likely to break-even.
The Queensland-headquartered Di Bella Coffee already has operations in New Zealand and China and is set to launch stores in Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines in the next few months.
India, Di Bella says, is a key market for his company, as there is a large population aged 20-40 here; this group, he says, frequents cafes and is willing to spend time and money at such locations. “What they want is a good coffee experience at a reasonable price. That is what we will strive to do here.”
Positioned as a premium brand, Di Bella will charge Rs 119 for a large cup of cappuccino and Rs 99 for a medium cup. The prices of rival Starbucks are similar.
“We are not in a race to set up a huge number of stores. Our game plan is to ensure our outlets are profitable, based on the location and ambience we provide,” Di Bella says.
Besides standalone stores, he is targeting outlets at large corporate campuses and foyers of buildings and educational institutes. The move is aimed at reducing real estate costs and ensuring a captive audience.
In recent months, companies such as Barista and Costa Coffee have seen some stress sue to high rentals and other costs.
While Barista recently saw a change in ownership, the UK-based Costa Coffee, whose franchise operations are managed by Devyani International in India, is said to be scouting for new partners.

Apollo Hospitals: Extending reach  eyeing higher marginsApollo Hospitals eyeing higher margins
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 09:35 PM IST
Apollo Hospitals’ stock continued its gains on Thursday after Wednesday’s announcement about acquiring 320 outlets of Hetero Med Solutions (HMS) for Rs 146 crore. The acquisition will not only give Apollo’s pan-India network a wider footprint but aid its margins, as the firm could seek higher discounts from suppliers and sell more of its private-label products.
HMS had annual revenue of Rs 160 crore, or Rs 50 lakh a store. Given its scale and experience, Apollo could turn around the operations that saw a small loss of Rs 4 crore at operating level. Apollo’s 1,632 outlets generated Rs 1,364 crore or Rs 84 lakh a store with operating profit of Rs 45 crore.
While the pharmacy segment generates 35 per cent of Apollo’s revenues, it contributes only five per cent to operating profits. The lower margins are from the newer stores with average margins of below one per cent, compared to the mature portfolio margins of five per cent.
However, margins for both non-mature and mature stores have consistently been improving since FY13. While mature store margins have improved 110 basis points to 5.1 per cent in the June quarter, non-mature store margins are at 0.3 per cent. Addition of new stores and higher same-store sales have meant that revenues have been growing at a robust pace with June quarter revenues up 27 per cent year-on-year to Rs 386 crore.
CRISIL Research expects a 21 per cent growth during FY14-16 driven by the addition of 100 stores a year and a 14 per cent growth in same-store sales. By FY17, Ebitda margins are expected to improve to five per cent.
In the hospitals business, while the operational units have delivered healthy growth, new hospital launch has been slow, impacting occupancy ratio that was under 70 per cent in the June quarter.
Average revenue per bed has increased to Rs 25,000 from Rs 23,500 a year ago. Analysts expect 650 bed additions annually over the next two years, which will boost the current capacity of 6,000 beds. New additions and higher occupancies at the existing hospitals could improve healthcare revenues (Rs 2,800 crore currently) by 16 per cent annually. Apollo’s profitability would be driven by this segment as margins at 24 per cent are higher than the pharmacy business.
Given the Bloomberg consensus target price of Rs 1,129 and current price of Rs 1,150, there seems limited upsides for the stock, which has gained over 13 per cent since August.
Over 90% of the target price for the stock is attributed to the core healthcare services segment.

Four sentenced to life for 2010 Darjeeling couple murder casePrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:02 pm
Four persons were convicted and awarded life imprisonment by a fast-track court in Bangalore on Wednesday for the killing of a couple from Darjeeling in South East Bangalore in February 2010.
The convicted men are Santosh Chatri, 34, Pradeep Chatri 25, Preetam Tamang, 28, all natives of Darjeeling and Vivek alias Bikas, 22, of Assam. All four were awarded rigorous imprisonment for life and were slapped with fines of Rs 8,000 each for robbing the couple following the murders.
They were found guilty of murdering Amrith Ray, 28, and his wife Janaki, 23, who had moved to Bangalore following their marriage in Darjeeling. Ray was working as an office assistant with a private firm and his wife was a domestic servant.
The police probe into the case revealed that Ray and his wife were killed after one of the four killers, Pradeep Chhatri, who was a friend of the couple gained the impression that Ray was very rich after he bought a car and expressed interest in buying a property in the upmarket south east part of Bangalore.
Pradeep Chatri, who was the ‘Rakhi brother’ of Ray’s wife Janaki ganged up with the others to kill Ray and loot his wealth.
The four who visited Ray’s house on February 8, 2010, killed him while he was dropping them back home in his new car. They dumped the body near the Agara Lake and returned to Ray’s house and asked his wife Janaki to provide Ray’s driving license claiming that he had been stopped by the police.
When Janaki opened the cupboard to search for the license the foursome noticed that the couple had no money or jewels in their possession. The gang, according to the police, then murdered Janaki from fear that she would identify them when the murder of Ray was discovered.
The incident came to light on the following day on February 9, 2010, and police initially registered two separate cases of murder before linking the cases.
A police team lead by inspector LY Rajesh cracked the cases within a month of the murders and arrested the accused.

Scotland starts voting in independence refer...Scotland votes in independence referendum to seal the United Kingdom's fate
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.29PM IST
"Scotland's future must be in Scotland's hands," Salmond said in Perth, a city in eastern Scotland 460 miles (740 km) north of London.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scots began voting in an independence referendum on Thursday that will decide the fate of the United Kingdom , after opinion polls showed hundreds of thousands of them were still agonizing over whether to stay with the 307-year union or back secession.
In the final hours before polling stations opened, leaders of both sides urged Scots to seize the reins of history in a vote that has divided families, friends and lovers but also electrified this country of 5.3 million.
From the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the toughest city estates of Glasgow, voters are being asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
"This is an historic day for Scotland. I've waited all my life for this. It's time to break with England. 'Yes' to independence," said a businessman who gave his name as Ron and was the first person to vote at Edinburgh's Waverley Court.
As he spoke, a couple of workers hurrying by in the morning mist and drizzle shouted "Vote No!"
Five surveys - from pollsters YouGov, Panelbase, Survation, Opinium and ICM - showed support for independence at 48 percent, compared with 52 percent for the union.
An Ipsos MORI poll showed it even closer at 49 per cent to 51 per cent, while a second Survation poll, conducted by phone, showed unionists at 53 per cent and separatists at 47 per cent.
Page 1 of 3

China s First Lady Peng Liyuan visits Tagore International schoolChina's First Lady Peng Liyuan visits Tagore International school
CNN-IBN | Sep 18, 2014 at 12:08pm
China's First Lady Peng Liyuan on Thursday met the students of the Tagore International School in the national capital. Students sang a song in Mandarin for the first lady. They also performed a classical dance rendition of Tagore's poem.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

In numbers: The impact of subsidy on India s oil cosIn numbers: The impact of subsidy on India s oil cos
Kirloskar Brothers incorporates subsidiaryWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Ericsson CEO says around 1 000 staff to leave as firm quits modemsEricsson CEO says around 1,000 staff to leave as firm quits modems
Reuters
Tweet
STOCKHOLM, Sept 18:  
Top mobile telecoms gear maker Ericsson's decision to quit the modems business will mean around 1,000 staff will have to leave the company, its chief executive said on Thursday.
The business, which Ericsson took sole ownership of from joint venture partner STMicroelectronics a year ago, employs around 1,600, some of whom will be transferred to research and development within radio networks, Ericsson said.
"This of course means a large part of staff will have to leave Ericsson," Chief Executive Hans Vestberg told Reuters, adding roughly 1,000 people would have to leave, although it was too early to give an exact figure.
In total, Ericsson employed slightly more than 115,000 at the end of the second quarter.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

NGO refuses to reveal name of whistleblower in court claiming risk to lifeNGO refuses to reveal name of whistleblower in court claiming risk to life
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
NGO CPIL, which levelled allegations against the CBI Director in the Supreme Court, has refused to reveal the name of the whistleblower who provided it documents against the top cop.
The life of the whistleblower will be in danger if his/ her name is revealed, the NGO has told the Supreme Court.
Allegations against the CBI Director can be verified by examining the documents and guards who had manned his official residence, the NGO tells the apex court.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Fed effect: Sensex spurts 382 points; realty  consumer durables steal the showSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

With Neeraj Singhal in jail  debt-laden Bhushan Steel to explore Rs 2 500 crore asset sale  stay afloatWith Neeraj Singhal in jail, debt-laden Bhushan Steel to explore Rs 2,500 crore asset sale
Subhash Narayan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 14:51  IST
Sep 18 2014, 14:51  IST
 

Amazon launches new Kindle in India for Rs 5 999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex up over 400 points powered by heavyweightsSensex up over 400 points powered by heavyweights
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 01:16 PM IST
Markets edged higher in early noon trades on the back of positive global cues, heading for a second straight session of gains after hitting a nearly 2-1/2 week low on Tuesday.  At 1315 hrs, the Sensex was up 425 points at 27,057 and the Nifty edged higher by126 points to trade at 8,102.
Buying was visible in the broader markets with both the mid and smallcap indices up nearly 2% each, outperforming the BSE benchmark index which gained over 1%.
The rupee improved marginally and was trading at 61 as compared to the previous close of 60.92/93. Almost all Asian currencies fall against USD.
Sectors & Stocks
All the sectoral indices were in green with the Realty index leading gains up over 4%.
Real estate companies rallied on reports that the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2013 is likely to come up for consideration in Rajya Sabha in the forthcoming Winter Session. Unitech, Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL), Indiabulls Real Estate, Oberoi Realty, DLF, D B Realty and Anant Raj Industries were up 4-11%
Power, Oil & Gas, Metal, Health Care, Capital Goods, Consumer Durables, Bankex and Auto indices surged between 1-3%.
Infosys, M&M and HUL down 0.5-0.8% were the only names in red among Sensex-30.
Among the ones leading gains were HDFC, Dr Reddys, Wipro, BHEL, Tata Motors, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Hindalco up 2-3%.
Sun Pharma gained over 2% after the drug maker said it has entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment
National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) has surged 6% to Rs 642, extending its previous day’s rally on NSE, on back of heavy volumes.
8K Miles Software Services was locked in upper circuit at Rs 389, extending its previous day’s 8% rally on BSE, after Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought nearly two percentage points stake in the internet software and services provider through open market.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1997 stocks advanced while 688 stocks declined.
Global Markets
Asian markets were largely in green after the U.S. Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time."
Hang Seng down 1% along with Kospi and Straits Times down 0.7% and 0.04% were the only exceptions in today's trade.

Snowman Logistics hits upper circuit for fourth straight daySnowman Logistics extends rally post listing
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 01:18 PM IST
Snowman Logistics has locked in upper circuit  of 5% at Rs 90.15 on BSE, extending its over 80% rally since listing on the bourses on September 12, 2014.
At 1320 hours, a combined 773,000 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for around 900,000 shares on NSE and BSE.
Shares of Snowman Logistics, the country's largest cold storage warehousing chain, is currently trading at 90% premium against its issue price of Rs 47 a share. It soared 70% at stock market debut on last Friday.
One of India's ace investors, Radhakishen Damani and Reliance Mutual Fund had collectively purchased 5.97 million shares representing 3.58% stake of Snowman Logistics on the listing day.
 

S&P warns Sony it could be cut to junkAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Japans falling exports defy yen declineJapan imports fall as fragility persists
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/472a83bc-3ecf-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5 issues that Indo-China talks may focus onFive issues that are likely to dominate Indo-China talks
Reuters     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 13:57 IST
Chinese President XI Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India on Wednesday as the two Asian giants take steps to boost commercial ties.
China has pledged to invest billions of dollars in Indian railways, industrial parks and roads, but ties between the nuclear-armed nations have long been held back by distrust, mostly over their contested border.
Here are some facts about India-China relations and issues likely to come up for discussion:
BORDER DISPUTE
China beat India in a brief border war in 1962 and relations have remained sour over their still-disputed 3,500-km (2,200-mile) frontier.
India has reported a rise in incursions by Chinese troops in recent years, charges China denies. Modi is expected to take a tougher stance with neighbouring countries, including China.
In the first such signal, Modi's government eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along the border to boost defence preparedness and close the gap on China's superior transport network.
VISAS
China often refuses to stamp visas on Indian passports from disputed territories and instead staples them to the page, a practice that infuriates India.
China has refused to issue visas to Indians from Arunachal Pradesh state, where the two countries fought the 1962 war, saying they do not need permission to travel to China. China claims the whole of Arunachal Pradesh, which it calls "South Tibet".
In 2012, India started stamping its own map on visas it issues to holders of new Chinese passports that contain a map depicting disputed territory within China's borders.
The visa issue is likely to be on the agenda during Xi's visit.
TRADE TIES
China is India's largest trading partner, with two-way trade at about $66 billion last year. However, $51 billion of that came from Chinese exports.
India hopes new investments from China will partly help offset its trade deficit. China plans to invest about $7 billion in two industrial parks in western India, media reported this month.
India will also ask its neighbour to set up manufacturing units for exports as it seeks to revive its economy,
RAILWAYS
India has the world's fourth-longest rail network but has added only 11,000 km of track since independence in 1947. China, in comparison, added 14,000 km of track in the five years to 2011.
China is expected to pledge billions of dollars of investment in India's rail network that can help reform the now-decrepit British-built system.
NUCLEAR TIES
In 2013, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said the two countries would cooperate in civil nuclear energy. Leaders of the two energy-starved countries may discuss the possibility of a civil nuclear cooperation agreement, Indian officials said.
China has committed $6.5 billion to finance the construction of a major nuclear power project in Karachi, the financial hub of neighbouring Pakistan, India's traditional foe. But Beijing might make a push to supply India with its new-generation reactors, The Hindu newspaper said.

Sensex rises more than 400 pointsStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

Iranian oil imports jump 50 per cent in Jan-AugIran oil imports jump 50 per cent in Jan-Aug, say trade sources
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 13:58 IST
Picture for representation only.(Source: Reuters)
Indian imports of Iranian oil rose by nearly half to 271,000 barrels per day (bpd) in January-August from a year ago, when refineries cut purchases due to worries about insurance coverage for processing crude from Tehran, data from trade sources shows.
World powers and Iran are working to resolve a decade-old dispute over the OPEC nation's nuclear programme, with an interim deal that eases some sanctions on the country extended by four months to late November.
India, the Islamic state's top client after China, had boosted imports in the first quarter of this year to make up for the cuts in 2013 and to hit its target of importing 220,000 bpd from Iran in the fiscal year to March 31.
India shipped in 273,500 bpd of Iranian oil in August, up 30 per cent from the previous month and about 81-per cent higher than a year ago, the data showed.
Shipments in August were bolstered as Indian Oil, the country's biggest refiner, bought Iranian oil after a two-month gap, shipping in nearly 2 million barrels.
State-run IOC is not a regular buyer of Iranian oil as it has a deal to buy only 24,000-25,000 bpd, or about 9 million barrels, from the country in 2014/2015.
In August, IOC also received its first cargo of Caspian Sea oil from Kazakhstan, the data showed, joining private refiners Essar Oil and Reliance Industries in buying the grade.
Essar was Iran's top Indian client in August, followed by Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, the data showed. Essar and MRPL are the regular buyer of Iranian oil.
Chennai Petroleum, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum have halted Iranian oil imports since 2013/14 due to worries over whether their insurance policies would cover refining the cargoes.
But other refiners have stepped up purchases drawn to discounts offered by Tehran, risking possible disputes with insurers in the case of an accident.
MAINTENANCE
Under the interim agreement with world powers, Iran's total crude exports were to be held at just above 1 million barrels per day, after surging as much as 40 per cent above that level in the early part of the year.
Iranian oil's share of India's total crude imports rose to 7.1 per cent in the first eight months of the year compared with 4.6 per cent last year, the data indicated.
Overall, India took in 14 per cent less crude in August than a year ago, the data showed, as HPCL-Mittal Energy did not ship oil during the month due to the closure of its 180,000 bpd Bathinda refinery in northern India for maintenance.
The refinery is expected to resume operations by the end of this month, said a source with direct knowledge of the matter. He declined to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with media.
India's total crude imports for the January-August period fell nearly 3 per cent, the data showed.
Latin American oil's share of India's overall imports rose slightly to nearly 20 per cent in the first eight months of 2014, while Africa's increased to about 16 per cent, the data showed.
Purchases from the Middle East accounted for about 60 per cent of overall intake during the period, down from 64 per cent a year ago.
(Reuters)

Border standoff casts shadow on China Xi s visit to IndiaBorder standoff casts shadow on Xi Jinping's visit to India
Frank Jack Daniel     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 14:22 IST
PM Narendra Modi with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan (Photo: Reuters)
Indian and Chinese soldiers faced off on a Himalayan plateau on Thursday, dampening the bonhomie around a rare visit by China's President Xi Jingping to New Delhi and a reminder of problems underlying growing commercial ties.
A meeting between brigadier-level army officials in the Ladakh plateau in the western Himalayas on Monday did not result in soldiers retreating from positions held for more than a week in a dispute over construction in the border region.
"There is an ongoing situation," an official at the army headquarters in Delhi said.
Both countries lay claim to vast tracts of territory and after two decades of talks are no closer to a resolution of a border dispute over which they went to war in 1962.
Foreign ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said the new friction on the border had featured in talks between Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who met in New Delhi on Thursday.
"Let me assure you all these issues have been raised and issues of concern, including recent events, will continue to be discussed," he said in response to a question about the stand-off.
India and China are ramping up commercial ties and opening up the way for Chinese investment in Indian infrastructure, including railways and industrial parks , with billions of dollars of investment pledges likely during Xi's trip.
Speaking at a welcoming ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Xi emphasised the enormous potential of the world's two largest emerging powers working more closely together but acknowledged a need to "deepen mutual understanding".
"During this visit I hope to work with the Indian leadership to be strong advocates of China-India relations and to take our strategic and cooperative partnership for peace and prosperity to a higher plain," Xi told reporters after being met by a guard of honour.
Modi is keen on Chinese investment to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour. He is also seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China.
M.D. Nalapat, who heads the department of geopolitics at the Manipal University, said India's new government saw that working with China was 90 per cent upside, and should not be undermined by the two countries differences.
"Modi is looking at an opportunity, and will not sacrifice it because of the 10 per cent threat, Nalapat said in an article written for the Gateway House think tank.
"China needs India - as a market, as a source of trained manpower, and as a friendly neighbour. I believe that Xi has the ability to break through the negativism about India.
Even as images of Xi shaking hands with Indian ministers were broadcast, TV commentary focused on the border tension, and raked up sensitivities about China's support for India's arch-rival, Pakistan.
Another irritant for China is the presence in India of exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, who has lived in the north of the country since fleeing a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. A government of exiled Tibetans and tens of thousands of refugees are also based in India.
In one sign that India wanted the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a dangerous separatist seeking an independent Tibet, to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip .
About 20 supporters of a free Tibet, mainly women, protested within a few metres of the building in New Delhi where Modi and Xi were holding talks, waving Tibetan flags and shouting "We want justice." Police detained them after a few minutes.
Several other small pro-Tibet protests broke out across the city.
Speaking in Mumbai, the Dalai Lama said Xi should use his visit to learn from the Indian experience of democratic rule, and learn democratic practices.
"I think the Chinese president should learn some of India's experience," he said in a speech. "Democratic rule, rule of law, and free media."
(Reuters)

Wont reveal source of Ranjit Sinha visitors logbook  NGO tells SCPrint
Averse to taking cognisance of the controversial visitors' logbook at CBI director's house, the court had ordered for disclosure of the whistleblower's identity. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:12 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 1:37 pm
NGO CPIL informed the Supreme Court on Thursday that it won’t disclose the identity of the whistleblower, who leaked the visitors’ logbook at CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence and other pertinent CBI documents .
Filing an affidavit in repose to the court’s query on Monday, CPIL,  a petitioner in the 2G scam cases,  said it has passed a resolution deciding not to reveal who leaked the damning documents against Sinha .
Averse to taking cognisance of the controversial visitors’ logbook at CBI director’s house, the court had ordered for disclosure of the whistleblower’s identity.
Turning down an argument that the revelation of the whistleblower was not relevant, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and S A Bobde held that informing the court about the whistleblower was imperative in view of the Supreme Court Rules, which obligated every person filing an affidvait to disclose the source of information.
“We want to know about the authenticity of the whistleblower. It has serious consequences on reputation of persons and also on the (2G) trial court. Give us the source of infortmation. How did all this information get leaked out is important. We have to satisfy ourselves first,” it told advocate Prashant Bhushan, arguing for NGO CPIL.
CPIL had filed an affidavit in the court, seeking removal of Sinha for allegedly compromising investigations into 2G and Coal block cases.
Bhushan had handed over the original visitors’ logbook at Sinha’s Delhi residence, which purportedly showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and Coal block cases among others. He had claimed two unidentified persons had visited his house and gave him the document.
The court had fixed the matter for Monday next.

Migration still on the rise as job opportunities shrink in KeralaPrint
Written by Shalini Langer | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:09 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 1:17 pm
The Kerala Migration Survey-2014 has found that flow of Keralites to abroad still continues mainly because of the state’s inability to provide suitable jobs for the increasing number of educated youths. Apart from this, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still strong among the state’s youth.
The study was conducted by Prof K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
The increase in migration in the latest survey was contrary to the forecast in the previous survey in 2011 that migration would decline within three to four years.
“Kerala is not able to create enough jobs suitable for an increasingly larger number of youngsters with a secondary or higher level of education. As long as the employment conditions in Kerala (among the educated youths) does not improve, more of the Kerala youngsters could be expected to try their luck abroad,” said the study.
Besides, the glamour associated with Gulf emigration is still very strong among the Kerala youngsters. This is an important positive factor in their decision to emigrate instead of working in the state.
The sample size of the survey was 14,575 households distributed across Kerala. The reference point in the study is taken as March 1, 2014, which is three years after the previous study in 2011.
The number of Kerala emigrants as estimated by the migration survey in 2014 is 23.63 lakhs. The corresponding number was 22.81 lakhs in 2011, 21.93 lakhs in 2008, 18.38 lakhs in 2003 and 13.62 lakhs in 1998. These numbers indicate that emigration from Kerala has been increasing since 1998. Between 2011 and 2014, the total number of emigrants from Kerala increased by about 81,000.
The report said remittances to Kerala have continued to grow ever since Keralites started migrating to the Gulf region. Total remittances to Kerala during the 12-month period ending in March 1, 2014 were Rs 72,680 crores.
This amount is about 46 percent higher than the remittances in 2011. These numbers indicate that the rate of growth of remittances has accelerated in recent years in spite of the slowing down of the annual increase of emigration from the state since 2008.
The total of all the household remittances in Kerala during the 12 month period prior to 1st March 2014 was Rs 15,129 crores. The corresponding remittance in 2008 was Rs 12, 511 crores.
Out of the total remittances of Rs 15,129 crores, Rs 7029 crores were received by the Muslim community alone. This amounts to about 46.5 percent of the total remittances. This percentage is higher than the per cent of Muslim emigrants which was only 43.5 percent.
In the total population of Kerala, Muslim population is only about 26.5 percent and Muslim households are only 21.8 percent of the total households in the state. According to both per capita-wise and continued…

Upgrade to Apple iOS 8 operating system right now or waitUpgrade to Apple iOS 8 software now or wait?
By AP | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.04AM IST
Even for newer devices, some apps might not be fully functional at first. Dropbox, for instance, says there's a problem with a camera backup feature. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Apple's iOS 8 software update for iPhones and iPads is worth getting but not necessarily right away.
Those with an older device, such as an iPhone 4s or an iPad 2 , might want to wait to see whether others have difficulties using iOS 8 with slower processors. Some of the new features won't be available on those three-year-old devices anyway. It might be time to get a new phone or tablet instead.
Even for newer devices, some apps might not be fully functional at first. Dropbox , for instance, says there's a problem with a camera backup feature. Specialized apps you have for work might also be affected.
And a new feature for tracking health and fitness data isn't working because of a software bug, so Apple has been removing affected apps from its app store. Apple says it hopes to fix the problem by the end of the month.
Meanwhile, some Mac integration features from the past might not work until Yosemite comes out. That is especially true if you activate Apple's new storage service, iCloud Drive. Even if you get iOS 8, you might want to wait on activating iCloud Drive on your device. Your phone or tablet will warn you before you activate it.
Once you upgrade, it's very difficult to go back.
And when you do, be sure to back up your photos and other data first.

$ hits 6-year peak; euro skids to a 14-month lowDollar soars to 6-year peak on yen after Fed, Tokyo stocks cheer
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 09.16AM IST
0
Share More
The hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SYDNEY/TOKYO: Japanese shares jumped on Thursday after the dollar vaulted to a six-year peak on the yen as the Federal Reserve's outlook for rising rates underlined the diverging path between the United states and the rest of the rich world.
In other regional share markets, the reception was mixed, with MSCI's index of ex-Japan Asian shares falling to 12-week lows, on the spectre of rising US rates and slower economic growth in China.
The euro skidded to a 14-month trough while gold hit an eight-month low as the dollar swept higher across the board, a move that many investors have been itching to wager on all year.
Indeed, the hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
The reaction also overshadowed a surprisingly soft reading on US inflation, even as Fed Chair Janet Yellen emphasised that policy would be highly dependent on how the economy actually performed in coming months.
"Overall, we feel that the forward guidance from the Fed is consistent with policy normalisation in 2015," said Dylan Eades , an economist at ANZ.
"Whilst the timing of the first rate rise is data dependent, we continue to expect that the FOMC will begin the normalisation process in March next year."
Futures markets still lean more towards a move in June. But whatever the timing, US rates do seem certain to be heading higher while central banks in the euro zone and Japan remain committed to super-easy monetary policy.
That stark contrast sent the euro sinking as far as $1.2834 , depths last visited in July 2013. Measured against a basket of currencies, the dollar climbed to 84.753, the highest in 14 months.
The dollar also flew to 108.69 yen, its highest since September 2008 and up from 107.00 before the Fed statement.
A weaker yen is generally viewed as positive for Japanese exports and company earnings, helping lift the Nikkei 0.9 per cent to its best since January.
The broad Topix index climbed 1 per cent to tread ground not visited since July, 2008.
The yen's fall was timely as Reuters' latest poll of Japanese manufacturers showed confidence dropping by the most in two years in September as a tax increase hit the economy harder than expected.
SCOTTISH VOTE STILL TO COME
Elsewhere in Asia, the reaction in equities was more guarded as the prospect of rising US yields could attract funds away from emerging markets.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.9 per cent, having fallen nine sessions in the past 10 days.
Many emerging shares were bruised earlier this year by speculation of an sooner start to US rate hikes but analysts say their correction may soon come to an end.
"Even though the Fed will finish its bond buying, it is not going to raise rates any time soon. I doubt that emerging markets will enter a bear market," said Yukino Yamada, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities .
Indeed, Wall Street seemed to find some relief in the very fact that the Fed would not be hiking for a few months at least.
After whipsawing in a wide range, the Dow settled 0.15 per cent higher, while the S&P 500 gained 0.13 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.21 per cent.
Bond investors reacted with more calm than those in currency markets, and nudged yields on the benchmark 10-year note up a modest 2 basis points to 2.62 per cent.
Still, a rise in two-year yields to 0.57 per cent widened their premium over German debt to 63 basis points, the fattest margin since early 2007.
With the Fed out of the way, the next big test for markets will be the referendum on Scotland's independence later Thursday.
The latest opinion poll by Survation showed support for staying in the United Kingdom is at 53 per cent, giving sterling a mild lift. The pound was at $1.6264, having been as low as $1.6052 earlier in the month.
In commodities, the rise of the dollar was a dead weight on prices. Gold was down at $1,220.86 an ounce having touched an eight-month trough.
Oil prices were further pressured by a government report showing crude stocks rose sharply in the United States last week.
Brent crude and US crude were both down 0.5 per cent on Thursday at $98.47 a barrel and $93.94 respectively.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Delhi: 2 arrested for gang-raping woman in moving carComments
A 24-year-old woman was allegedly drugged and gang-raped by two men in a moving car on Tuesday night.
Police said they arrested two men who are reportedly known to the victim. A medical examination of the woman confirmed sexual assault.
Police sources said the victim is allegedly an associate of a high-profile woman pimp who had recently filed a case of gang rape against four men at the Hauz Khas police station.
A police officer said the crime came to light at about 2am when an auto-rickshaw driver spotted the woman wandering near the Nehru Place flyover in an intoxicated condition.
As she looked dishevelled and was not able to speak properly, the three-wheeler driver suspected the woman might have been sexually assaulted. He immediately called the police control room to report the matter.
A PCR van reached the spot and rushed the woman to AIIMS. After she regained consciousness, the police recorded her statement. The woman accused two men of drugging and raping her in a moving car.
On her statement, a case of drugging and rape was registered at the Kalkaji police station. The woman said she lives in east Delhi. Her father, who died some years ago, was employed with the Delhi Police.
“On Tuesday evening, she went to the two suspects for some work. They took her along in their car and offered her a cold drink laced with sedatives. When she started feeling drowsy, the two men raped her,” said the officer, quoting the woman’s complaint.
“They dropped her at Nehru Place where she was walking and later noticed by the auto-rickshaw driver,” he added.

BEPS: Big Change For Indian Tax LandscapeBEPS: Big Change For Indian Tax Landscape
RBI eases norms for equity shares issuance under FDIRBI eases norms for equity shares issuance under FDI
Messaging app Haptik raises $1 million from Kalaari CapitalMessaging app Haptik raises $1 million from Kalaari Capital
Rupee falls on dollar s gains against currencies overseasRupee falls on dollar s gains against currencies overseas
Chinese President visits RajghatChinese President visits Rajghat
Delhi woman gang-raped in moving car; two arrestedDelhi woman gang-raped in moving car; two arrested
Alibaba speculated to enter Indian markets in association with SnapdealAlibaba speculated to enter Indian markets in association with Snapdeal
Hong Kong shares resume fall as China economic worries prevailHong Kong shares resume fall as China economic worries prevail
Reuters
Tweet
HONG KONG, Sept 18:  
Hong Kong shares finished lower on Thursday after weak Chinese housing data heightened concerns of a deepening downtrend in the property sector that is weighing on the broader economy.
China's new home prices fell in August for a fourth straight month and declines spread to a record number of cities.
The Hang Seng Index ended 0.9 per cent down at 24,168.72 points after it snapped an eight-day decline on Wednesday by rising 1 per cent. The China Enterprises Index of the leading offshore Chinese listings in Hong Kong also slid 0.9 per cent.
Property stocks were some of the heaviest hit. China Resources Land sank 2.8 per cent, a leading percentage loser on the Hang Seng, and China Overseas Land & Investment shed 1.8 per cent.
China Mobile declined 1.2 per cent to a three-week closing low, while China Unicom skidded 1.7 per cent. Telcos have been under pressure since a Tuesday report on the 21st Century Business Herald said Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is not likely to enter the mainland market this year.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Parsvnath transfers development rightsParsvnath transfers development rights of Gurgaon project
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Parsvnath Developers has transferred the development rights held by it in the township project on Sohna Road, Gurgaon, to Supertech Ltd.
In a filing to the stock exchange, Parsvnath said it has also transferred its shareholding in Honey Builders with whom the company held joint development rights in the project to Supertech.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

China s fledgling shale gas sectorChina's fledgling shale gas sector
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Sept 18:  
By the end of July, China had tapped 500 billion cubic metres (bcm) of proven, probable and possible shale gas reserves, with the bulk of the work done by the country's top two energy firms, according to the Ministry of Land and Resources (MLR).
The ministry, the main government agency behind the shale gas push, said China could pump 40-60 bcm of shale gas by 2020, or one-fifth of the country's total natural gas output, "if proper measures are taken".
That is more optimistic than the National Energy Administration, with a goal of 30 bcm.
Companies have spent 20 billion yuan ($3.26 billion) and drilled 400 wells, with breakthroughs made mostly in Sichuan basin in the southwest and Ordos basin in the north, the ministry said in its in-house newspaper on Thursday.
China, believed to hold the world's largest resources of shale gas, hopes to replicate the production success of the United States but faces huge technological and environmental challenges due to its more complex geology and scarce water.
The government, led by the MLR, wants to broaden competition in the sector and has held two shale gas auctions, but so far 90 percent of the tapped reserves are from Sinopec Corp and PetroChina.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Tata Housing inks pact with Maldives govt to complete Male projectTata Housing inks pact with Maldives govt to complete Male project
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Tata Housing said it has signed an addendum agreement with the Maldives Government for completion of residential projects in Malé, Maldives.
The agreement for the project was signed in May 2010 between the Government of Mohamed Nasheed and Apex Realty to develop luxury holiday villas and premium apartments under the brand ‘La Grande’.
Apex Realty Pvt Ltd is a joint venture between Tata Housing Development and SG 18 Realty.
With the revised agreement, the company will resume work on the Gaakoshi and Arabiyya sites.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Triumph Motorcycles launches Thunderbird LT priced at Rs 15.75 lakhHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Triumph Motorcycles launches Thunderbird LT priced at Rs 15.75 lakh
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Triumph Motorcycles India on Thursday launched its premium classic cruiser bike Thunderbird LT priced at Rs 15.75 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi).
The new bike will further strengthen the cruiser line-up from the company and join the Thunderbird Storm Rocket III Roadster.
"The last 10 months have been extraordinary for Triumph Motorcycles in India. The run has been nothing less than brilliant, with eight dealerships successfully selling over 835 motorcycles," Vimal Sumbly, Managing Director, Triumph Motorcycles India, said here at the launch.
Powered by the 1699cc parallel twin engine, the Thunderbird will deliver a torque-rich performance for minimum gear-shifting and optimum highway cruising, the company said.
The eight-valve engine produces 94PS at 5400rpm and 151 Nm of torque at 3550rpm, it added.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Infosys partners with China s Huawei for cloud-based projectsInfosys partners with China's Huawei for cloud-based projects
Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
India's Infosys Ltd said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys, the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Lex vs Gapper on Scotland s banking futureShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Lex vs Gapper on Scotland's banking future
Sep 17, 2014 : In the event of a Yes vote, the Scottish National party would want to continue its currency union. Lex's Oliver Ralph and FT's associate editor John Gapper debate whether an independent Scotland could develop its own successful finance and banking sector under the sterling.

Corporate bond ratings do not discern risk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fb43b0a-3ead-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After beheading Foley  Sotloff and Haines  IS parades British aid worker Alan HeningAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

Wall Street  Actress Relists Malibu Estatewall street  actress relists malibu estate
US authorities seek info on pricing: RanbaxyUS authorities seek information on pricing data: Ranbaxy
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 22:06 IST
Generic drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said on Wednesday that federal authorities in the United States had sought details on how it reports pricing data for some products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
The company, which has agreed to be acquired by rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, said it had received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and that it would fully cooperate with the investigation.
"The CID is a request for documents and information, and is not an allegation of wrongdoing or demand for compensation," the company said in a statement.
Last year, Ranbaxy pleaded guilty to felony charges related to drug safety and agreed to pay $500 million in civil and criminal fines under a settlement agreement with the DOJ.
(Reuters)

Air India suspends pilot  10 cabin crew membersAir India suspends pilot, ten cabin crew members for indiscipline
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 17, 2014  | 22:47 IST
Taking its crew to task for lack of discipline, Air India on Wednesday suspended a pilot and ten cabin crew members for delaying some recent flights, including an international service, by not reporting for duty on time.
The suspensions were carried out after repeated complaints of various nature, including careless handling of passengers or flight delays caused by delayed arrival of crew members, Air India officials said.
The suspension orders were issued this afternoon after carrying out inquiries into each case of indiscipline, they told PTI in New Delhi.
The national carrier's Newark-Mumbai flight AI-144 had a delayed departure of over two hours on September 14 as the pilot failed to arrive at the airport on time, the officials, requesting anonymity, said.
Without disclosing the total number of flights or passengers affected by such behaviour of the crew members, the officials said there were complaints regarding improper behaviour of some crew members or improper handling of passenger complaints.
Some crew members were also found to be perpetually late while reporting for duty, thus delaying the flights, the officials said, adding disciplinary action was being taken to check any inconvenience to passengers and instill a sense of responsibility amongst the crew.

 Funds Rate Hike Timing to be Data-Dependent: YellenWashington: The following are highlights of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's remarks at a press conference on Wednesday following the conclusion of the US central bank's two-day policy meeting.
On interest rate path projections:
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path, and I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
"So most participants in deciding on the path ... look at, as our guidance says, how large is the gap between performance of the labor market and that associated with our maximum employment objective, how large is the gap between inflation and our 2 per cent objective, how fast will those gaps change."
"And you see in the projections very modest reductions in the size of those gaps, and modest ... very small change of a slightly faster pace at which those gaps would change. I would describe the change in the projections both for the economy and the path of rates as quite modest."
On 'considerable time' and economic data:
"The outlook hasn't changed that much from June, and the committee felt comfortable with this characterisation ..."
"I want to emphasise that there is no mechanical interpretation for what the term 'considerable time' means. As I've said repeatedly, the decisions that the committee makes about what is the appropriate time to begin to raise its target for the federal funds rate will be data-dependent."
"If the pace of progress in achieving our goals were to quicken, if it were to accelerate, it is likely the committee would begin raising its target for the federal funds rate sooner than is now anticipated, and might then raise the federal funds rate at a faster rate. And the opposite is also true, if the projections were to change ."
"I think it would not be accurate to describe the committee's guidance about the timing of the federal funds rate and when it will move above zero as being calendar-based ... I know 'considerable time' sounds like it's a calendar-concept but it is highly conditional and it's linked to the committee's assessment of the economy."
On reinvestments, Fed's shrinking balance sheet:
"I think the committee would like to feel that it has successfully begun the normalization process and that we are successfully communicating with markets about how that process will be playing out over time. And I think when the committee is comfortable that that process is established, is working well and we're comfortable with the outlook, that they will begin the process of ceasing or possibly tapering but eventually ceasing reinvestments."
"We've said that we will try to shrink our balance sheet to the lowest levels consistent with the efficient and effective implementation of policy. It could take to the end of the decade to achieve those levels."
On gap between Fed and market views for rate hike timing:
"I don't frankly think it's completely clear that there is a gap. There are different views on whether such a gap exists. To the extent that there is a gap, one reason for it could be that markets and participants have different views on the evolution of economic conditions."
"It is important for market participants to understand what our likely response or reaction is to the data, and our job is to try to communicate as clearly as we can the way in which our policy stance will depend on the data, and I promise to try to do that."
On FOMC's rate projections:
"Although FOMC participants provide a number of explanations for the federal funds rate running below its longer run normal level at (the end of 2016), many cite the residual effects of the financial crisis, which although slowly diminishing, are likely to continue to restrain household spending, constrain credit availability and depress expectations for future growth and output and incomes."
"As these factors dissipate further most participants expect the federal funds rate to move close to its longer run normal level by the end of 2017. Let me reiterate, however, that the committee's expectations for the path of the federal funds rate are contingent on the economic outlook."
On part-time workers:
"There are still too many people who want jobs but cannot find them. Too many who are working part time but would prefer full time work. And too many who are not searching for a job but would be if the labor market was stronger. As noted in the FOMC statement, a range of labour market indicators suggests that there remains significant underutilization of labour resources. The committee continues to see sufficient underlying strength in the economy to support ongoing improvement in the labour market."
"Indicators of spending and production for the third quarter suggest that economic activity is expanding at a moderate pace, and the committee continues to expect a moderate pace of growth going forward."
On Fed funds rate range:
"The FOMC now anticipates that it will continue to establish a target range, rather than a single point, for the federal funds rate when normalisation begins. The dots ... now show for each participant the midpoint for this target range."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Bug in Apple HealthKit hits iOS 8 launchBug in Apple’s HealthKit hits iOS 8 launch
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a9f0a0dc-3e9b-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

707-horsepower  muscle car  gets 22 MPG707-horsepower 'muscle car' gets 22 MPG
By Katie Lobosco   @KatieLobosco September 17, 2014: 4:36 PM ET
 
See and hear the Dodge's 707 horsepower
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Even though it's being called the "most powerful muscle car ever," the Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat is not the biggest gas guzzler out there.
The car can get an EPA rated 22 miles per gallon on the highway, the automaker announced Wednesday.
Chrysler Group unveiled the car in July. With the optional Hellcat engine, it can put out a total of 707 horsepower .
It is so powerful that it comes with two separate key fobs to start the car. A red one will enable the driver to use the Hellcat's full power potential while drivers given the black key fob will only be able to unleash up to 500 horsepower. Even with the black key, the Hellcat will still have more power than the next most powerful Challenger model which will have a 485 horsepower engine.
Inside the 'most powerful muscle car' every made
To be sure, 22 mpg is not exactly fuel efficient by today's standards. But newer muscle cars are getting better gas mileage and the Challenger SRT Hellcat's mpg is comparable to cars that have lower horsepower.
The Chevrolet Corvette Z06 puts out 650 horsepower and gets 29 miles per gallon on the highway, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. The 2015 Chevrolet Camaro gets 18 miles per gallon and can put out 420 horsepower.
The Lamborghini Aventador Roadster puts out 700 horsepower and gets 18 miles per gallon. But at $425,845, it's much more expensive than the Challenger SRT Hellcat, which starts at $59,995.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 4:36 PM ET
Most Popular

Credit-Easing Steps by Central Banks  at a GlanceAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Alibaba IPO means big payday for Jack MaAlibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 18, 2014: 5:54 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma's wallet is going to be a lot fatter after his company goes public this week in New York.
Ma is selling 12.75 million shares in Alibaba's IPO, bringing in as much as $867 million if they are priced at the top of the target range of $66 to $68 .
That's no mean way for the Chinese entrepreneur to ring in his 50th birthday, celebrated just a few days ago on Sept. 10.
Ma's remaining 7.8% stake in the company is estimated to be worth about $13 billion. The deal values Alibaba ( BABA ) itself at $163 billion, slightly bigger than Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ).
Alibaba's executive vice chairman Joe Tsai is also selling shares in the IPO that will net him as much as $289 million. His remaining stake in the company is estimated to be worth as much as $5.4 billion.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
Ma and Tsai made their fortunes by building Alibaba into a tech behemoth that does just about everything. The firm runs China's two most popular online shopping sites, Taobao and Tmall, and operates a network of services that allow consumers to process payments, buy movie tickets, get lunch delivered, or invest in a money market fund.
A former English teacher, Ma is something of an unlikely billionaire. He flunked his college entrance exams, was rejected by Harvard, and was snubbed by most people when he first started talking about building an Internet business in China.
Related: Alibaba: All you need to know
But he proved them all wrong, and Alibaba is now on the brink of what could be the biggest IPO in history.
Ma and Tsai are now putting some of their wealth towards philanthropic efforts . In April, they established two trusts funded by share options worth about 2% of the company. The funds are planned to benefit environmental, medical, education and cultural causes in China.
Also poised to win big in the Alibaba IPO is Masayoshi Son, Japan's richest man. He is CEO of telecoms group Softbank ( SFTBF ), which has seen the value of its original $20 million investment soar to about $54 billion.
Softbank doesn't plan to unload any shares in the IPO.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) will sell shares worth as much as $8.3 billion. Its remaining stake could be worth about $27 billion.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 10:13 PM ET
Most Popular

Modi raises incursions issue with Xi | Chinese Army pushes in more troopsYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi raises issue of incursions with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 10.10AM IST
Tags:
Chinese President
(Modi, who hosted a private…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping today held talks during which the Indian side conveyed its concerns over Chinese incursions as the two sides discussed all "substantive issues" having bearing on bilateral ties.
Modi and Xi held talks in restricted format and then in delegation level during which the two leaders also focused on cooperation in key areas of trade and investment.
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there yesterday, raised the issue of Chinese incursions last night as well as today, official sources said.
The issue assumes significance in the backdrop of incursions by the Chinese side in Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours today.
The Chinese side had pushed in more troops yesterday morning as well, the sources said, adding the number of People's Liberation Army personnel stood at nearly 500 with an equal matcher from the Indian side as well.
Chumar, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with the Chinese side making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area.
The stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads -- Rebos -- had pitched their tents is continuing. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Surges Nearly 400 Points to Regain 27 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Sharply Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)
(Read: US Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge )
The Sensex jumped as much as 500 points (1.9 per cent) at its day's high and regained the key 27,000 peak. The 50-share Nifty also regained 8,100 by rising 1.75 per cent. The gains were stronger in the broader markets with BSE smallcap index surging nearly 2.7 per cent. ( Track stocks )
Analysts expect the US central bank to raise short-term rates only in the middle of 2015 even though it will end its monthly bond purchases in October 2014. This is good news for emerging markets, including India, which has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of Fed's easy money policy.
Overseas investors have so far this year invested close to $30 billion in Indian debt and stocks markets. This has fuelled a record-setting rally in Indian stocks and supported the rupee.
Fed's decision also pushed the Dow Jones Average to its 16th record high this year. Low rates have been a boon to the market by helping stimulate the economy and making stocks more attractive compared with bonds.
Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy and advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher, attributed today's gains to a relief rally after the Fed reaffirmed its dovish stance. There was some sense of fear and trepidation in the markets ahead of the Fed's meeting and now the fears of sudden outflows from emerging markets have abated, he said.
All the sectoral indices on the BSE were higher today with strong buying seen particularly in realty, oil & gas and capital goods stocks. Cyclical stocks had seen some pressure ahead of the Fed meeting as investors shifted to defensives such as IT and pharma and now with the Fed event out of the way buying is back in the cyclicals, Mr Bodke added.
Among top Nifty gainers, Hero MotoCorp surged 5.8 per cent while Tata Motors, L&T, DLF, Dr Reddy's Lab, and HDFC rose over 3 per cent.
The Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27,112 while Nifty ended at 8,114, up 139 points.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Sensex surges over 400 points | Mobius: Very bullish on IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex on a roll, surges over 450 points; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(US Federal Reserve announced…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart recovery after starting the day on a muted note amid US Fed worries of interest rate hike. The index rose as much as 529 points in trade led by gains in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank , ITC and TCS.
US Federal Reserve announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month. It also made clear that record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months.
The BSE Sensex rallied as much as 401 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to bounce back and is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 2:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,103.45 up 472.16 points.
The Nifty was at 8110.70, up 135.2 points.
Most analysts hold the view that even if US Federal Reserve decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected it will be less disastrous for India than other emerging markets because macros have improved significantly.
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. Higher U.S. interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps as compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase in foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past Indian market hit the all-time high. So correction will definitely be there but not as much as we see in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1.59 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 2.5 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.06 per cent), HDFC (up 3.08 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 3.06 per cent), BHEL (up 2.9 per cent) and L&T (up 2.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 1.6 per cent), Infosys (down 0.72 per cent) and M&M (down 0.14 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 620 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1037
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 344
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 835 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 290
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 568
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 120
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2955 and a stop loss of Rs 2880
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1685 and a stop loss of Rs 1625
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 251
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 700 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 920 and a stop loss of Rs 682
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 501
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 480
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2560
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2540
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2290
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Over 2 mn displaced in India due to natural ...Over 2 million displaced in India due to natural disasters in 2013
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 01.08PM IST
Tags:
China
(China, India, the Philippines,…)
UNITED NATIONS: About 2.14 million people were displaced in India last year due to natural disasters , according to a United Nations-backed report which said the country was third after the Philippines and China to record the highest levels of displacement in 2013.
The report 'Global Estimates 2014: people displaced by disasters' said 22 million people worldwide were displaced in 2013 by disasters sparked largely by earthquakes or climate, almost three times more than by conflict in the same year.
In India, a total of 26.13 million people were displaced between 2008-2013, second only to China which had 54.25 million displacements.
Last year alone, 2.14 million people were displaced in India due to natural hazard-related events while conflict and violence displaced 64,000 people.
"Between 2008 and 2013, 80.9 per cent of displacement took place in Asia. The region accounted for the 14 largest displacements of 2013 and the five countries with the highest displacement levels: the Philippines, China, India, Bangladesh and Vietnam," the report said.
In south Asia, cyclone Mahasen forced the evacuation of around 1.1 million people in Bangladesh in May, and in October widespread monsoon season floods displaced over a million in several Indian states.
In the same month, cyclone Phailin, the strongest to hit India in 14 years, brought widespread devastation to eastern coastal areas and forced the evacuation of another million people.
The report noted that improved preparadeness including evacuations was credited with limiting the death toll to fewer than 50 people in the country.
China, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nigeria and the US had the highest numbers of people displaced by rapid onset disasters between 2008-2013.
The report by the Norwegian Refugee Council's Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre (IDMC) shows that the risk of displacement due to disasters has more than doubled over the last four decades-largely due to the growth and concentration of urban populations, particularly in vulnerable countries.
"This increasing trend will continue as more and more people live and work in hazard-prone areas. It is expected to be aggravated in the future by the impacts of climate change," Secretary-General of the Norwegian Refugee Council Jan Egeland said here yesterday.
UN Deputy Secretary-General Jan Eliasson said the report was "extremely timely" as it highlights the need for early warning systems and emergency evacuations in today's world of increasing and intensifying disasters.
"The numbers of people who need humanitarian assistance, and the cost of helping them, are skyrocketing. We need to shift our focus to prevention and preparedness in close cooperation with national partners," Eliasson said.
The report calls for action to be taken to reduce disaster risk and to help communities adapt to changing and more unpredictable weather patterns, to prevent further displacement.
According to the report, both wealthy and poorer countries are affected, although developing countries bear the brunt, accounting for more than 85 per cent of displacement.
But as in previous years the worst affected was Asia, where 19 million people, or 87.1 per cent of the global total, were displaced.
In the Philippines, typhoon Haiyan alone displaced 4.1 million people, a million more than in Africa, the Americas, Europe and Oceania combined.
Seasonal floods also caused significant displacement in sub-Saharan Africa, most notably in Niger, Chad, Sudan and South Sudan - countries with highly vulnerable populations who are also affected by conflict and drought.
Africa's population is predicted to double by 2050 therefore displacement risk is expected to increase faster than in any other region in the world.
The extent to which populations in the most developed countries are exposed to hazards also led to some of the world's largest displacements.
Typhoon Man-yi in Japan displaced 260,000 people and tornadoes in the United States state of Oklahoma 218,500.
As the world gears up to solidify a post-2015 development agenda, there will also be an opportunity to include the needs and challenges of internally displaced people in negotiations, the report said.
"As we prepare for the (Secretary-General's) climate summit next week the devastating impact of disasters and the massive displacement we see as a result, highlight the need for strong and decisive action to tackle the catastrophic threat of climate change," Eliasson added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex surges 400 pts  back at 27K | Bets on  soar as Scotland votesYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex on a roll, surges over 450 points; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(US Federal Reserve announced…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart recovery after starting the day on a muted note amid US Fed worries of interest rate hike. The index rose as much as 529 points in trade led by gains in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank , ITC and TCS.
US Federal Reserve announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month. It also made clear that record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months.
The BSE Sensex rallied as much as 401 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to bounce back and is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 2:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,103.45 up 472.16 points.
The Nifty was at 8110.70, up 135.2 points.
Most analysts hold the view that even if US Federal Reserve decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected it will be less disastrous for India than other emerging markets because macros have improved significantly.
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. Higher U.S. interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps as compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase in foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past Indian market hit the all-time high. So correction will definitely be there but not as much as we see in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1.59 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 2.5 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.06 per cent), HDFC (up 3.08 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 3.06 per cent), BHEL (up 2.9 per cent) and L&T (up 2.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 1.6 per cent), Infosys (down 0.72 per cent) and M&M (down 0.14 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 620 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1037
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 344
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 835 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 290
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 568
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 120
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2955 and a stop loss of Rs 2880
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1685 and a stop loss of Rs 1625
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 251
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 700 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 920 and a stop loss of Rs 682
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 501
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 480
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2560
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2540
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2290
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland s Top Sports Star Breaks His Silence on Votescotland s top sports star breaks his silence on vote
Gold imports to rise 50% this festive season | Prices may bottom out in 2015India's gold imports seen up, premiums to double on festive buying
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.53PM IST
0
Share More
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 per cent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: India's monthly gold imports are set to rise by as much 50 percent from current levels while premiums could almost double as the country gears up for a surge in demand ahead of the year-end festivities and wedding season, industry sources said.
More purchases by the world's No.2 gold consumer after China could help support global bullion prices, which are mired near an 8-1/2-month low of $1,216.01 per ounce amid fears a faster hike in U.S. interest rates would dent its appeal as a hedge against inflation.
"Gold imports are expected to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month in the coming months as against a monthly average of 50-60 tonnes," said Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association.
Gold futures in the country are trading at 26,734 rupees ($437.58) per 10 grams, down over 10 percent on the year.
Gold sales are expected to rise by 15 percent to 20 percent this festive season from year-ago levels, said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation .
Next month nation will celebrate Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, when buying gold is considered auspicious, followed by the festival of lights Diwali and then the wedding season that will extend into early next year.
But the stronger demand could squeeze supplies in the domestic market and push up local prices.
"In the short-term, gold prices are expected to rise to 28,500 rupees per 10 grams," said Kothari.
Indian gold premiums to the global benchmark are also expected to jump to about $12-$15 an ounce, from the current $7-$10 an ounce, industry officials said.
Total 2014 imports are, however, likely to fall to about 700-750 tonnes from 900 tonnes a year ago because of thin arrivals earlier this year, said Kothari, helping to keep a lid on the country's current account deficit.
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 percent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
Jewellery forms a big part of Indian gold demand, accounting for about 75 percent of the total in the second quarter, World Gold Council data showed. India's investment demand for gold slumped 67 percent on year in the June quarter.
"The likely rise in demand is not expected to hurt the country's deficit because gold imports are under control and international prices are also lower," said Kothari.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Infosys inks deal with Huawei for cloud-base...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys partners with Microsoft, Hitachi and Huawei on cloud, big data
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 03.49PM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Huawei and Infosys will…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest software services firm Infosys today said it has partnered China's Huawei Technologies to offer enterprise cloud, big data and communication solutions.
The announcement comes amidst visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
India has pressed its neighbour for export of IT services and promotion of tourism between the two countries.
China has committed USD 20 billion investment in India over the next five years and has agreed to provide greater market access to Indian products in farm, pharma and gems & jewellery sectors, with a view to reducing trade gap.
The Bangalore-based firm also expanded its partnership with US-based tech giant Microsoft on cloud services and with Hitachi Data Systems (HDS), a subsidiary of Japan-based Hitachi, on infrastructure and data centre solutions.
Infosys, a systems integration partner of Microsoft, will also establish a global 'centre of excellence' for Microsoft Azure Machine Learning that will train over 1,000 engineers by the end of fiscal year 2015, it said in a statement.
The firm in partnership with HDS will offer enterprises infrastructure and data centre transformation solutions and will also set up a centre of excellence for 'pay-per-use' solutions.
The IT services major said it will build a broad range of predictive analytics offerings using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning to help enterprises adopt and use advanced analytic tools and algorithms.
Infosys will accelerate its efforts to design frameworks, tools and accelerators to improve end user productivity for the digital workforce on Microsoft cloud platforms. These platforms, including Microsoft Office 365 and Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online, complement Azure solutions, it added.
Meanwhile, the firms will jointly develop IT solutions that combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and service expertise from Infosys. These solutions will target enterprise customers looking to modernise their operations by leveraging cloud infrastructure.
Both parties will build reference architectures and standardised solutions for big data platforms, on Huawei hardware infrastructure, for joint go-to-market efforts.
Infosys' Cloud Ecosystem Hub, a solution that helps firms build and manage a unified hybrid cloud environment, will be integrated with Hitachi's Unified Compute Platform (UCP) to reduce time-to-market and simplify complex migrations.
The combination will enable enterprises to move to a 100 per cent virtualised environment with management, orchestration and hypervisor integration, Infosys said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ITOPS  Europe  automation to drive IGATE s g...You are here: Home > Collections > Igate
ITOPS, Europe, automation to drive IGATE's growth strategy
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 12.59PM IST
Tags:
Ashok Vemuri
("The Fortune ranking is…)
NEW DELHI: Outsourcing solutions firm IGATE will focus on its integrated technology and operations (ITOPS) model, besides concentrating on automation and geographies like Europe to sustain its growth momentum.
Ranked among the Fortune 100 fastest growing companies in the US this year, the US-based firm in the last one year has rejigged organisational structure to strengthen capabilities, increase focus on large deals and building a team of strong professionals through on-the-job training.
"The Fortune ranking is a revalidation of what we have done in the last one year. IGATE is the only IT services firm in the list and that makes it even more special," IGATE President & CEO Ashok Vemuri told PTI.
Vemuri, who also completes a year at IGATE, added the firm's focus on monetising and amplifying its strengths by adding new solutions and services and increased focus on large deals have helped it achieve the milestone.
"We are better than before with a clean balance sheet, reduced debt, strong organisation structure, right leadership and niche service offerings. This will further IGATE's reputation as a complete solutions and software services provider," the former Infosys Head of Americas said.
For the loan of $ 770 million (at an interest rate of 9 per cent), IGATE was paying $ 23-25 million per quarter in interest costs. Now, the firm has refinanced it and taken a loan of $ 685 million at an interest of 4 per cent and will be paying $ 7-8 million per quarter in interest costs, which will reduce over $ 50 million in interest costs annually.
Its net debt stood at $ 475 million at the end of the second quarter.
But the one-time charge of $ 51.8 million on debt settlement hit its net profit for the April-June quarter, which fell by 89.6 per cent to $ 3.1 million. The company had posted a net profit of $ 30 million in the second quarter of 2013. It follows January-December as fiscal year.
When asked about plans of the company to maintain this growth momentum, Vemuri said the deal pipeline is good and the firm is focusing on building new technologies and train its manpower on those lines.
"We have great business opportunities developing, which can be seen with our expansion plans for our delivery centres across the US, Canada, Europe and India. Besides, we have been building on new technologies and investing on training our employees so that we go ahead prepared," he added.
That apart, Vemuri said the company has also strengthened its ITOPS model, which enables enterprises to optimise their business through a combination of process investment strategies, technology leverage, and business process outsourcing and provisioning.
"Going forward, we will continue to increase our focus on ITOPS, Europe, deals in automation and digital technologies," he added.
During the April-June quarter results press conference, Vemuri had said that the second half of 2014 will be better than the first half as the firm expects that the large deals it had signed will add to the company's revenue and margins.
Vemuri said IGATE's performance in the last few quarters has been commendable considering its journey in the last one year and the company will further scale up its performance and growth momentum.
In the April-June quarter of 2014, IGATE's consolidated revenues rose 10 per cent to $ 311.7 million against $ 283.3 million in the same quarter last fiscal.
In the January-March quarter of 2014, the company had reported a net income of $ 31.6 million and revenue of $ 302.2 million.
Expressing optimism on the government's recently announced Digital India initiative, Vemuri said it is a fantastic strategy and it is the moment to monetise IT for the people of the country.
"But, it needs to be ensured that the services and technology that we adopt should be Indianised so that they deliver the best results and IGATE is willing to participate in the journey," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ericsson to shut modem biz | To layoff 1 000...Ericsson to shut modem business, 1,000 jobs to go
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.59PM IST
The Swedish company said the decision to end the development of modems would mean it could shift resources to developing radio networks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
STOCKHOLM: Ericsson, the world's biggest mobile network equipment maker, is winding down its modem business, shutting a loss-making unit with the departure of about 1,000 staff.
The decision comes amid falling prices of modems, rising demands on research and development and a shrinking market as more smartphone makers buy modems and processors, which Ericsson does not make, together.
The Swedish company had said it would evaluate the future of the business within 18 to 24 months of taking it on in 2013 when joint venture partner STMicroelectronics pulled out.
Ericsson's chief executive said on Thursday the rapidly changing market meant the company had concluded it would be too expensive for the business to succeed.
"In addition, we believe we can use this money in a better way," Hans Vestberg told Reuters.
The Swedish company said the decision to end the development of modems would mean it could shift resources to developing radio networks.
Ericsson had targeted a top three market position for its modems business, which employs around 1,600 people, alongside US firms Qualcomm and Intel.
The move to stop developing new modems would mean around 1,000 staff leaving Ericsson, Vestberg said.
Some of the other employees would find work at a new research and development unit within Ericsson's core radio networks business that will be set up in Sweden's Lund and employ 500 in total.
Some would also continue working with the M7450 modem which was launched in August, Vestberg said, although it was hard to say for how long Ericsson would go on making it as that would depend on the success of the smartphones in which it sits.
In total, Ericsson employed slightly more than 115,000 at the end of the second quarter.
Ericsson said it expected the move to lead to significant cost savings, without specifying. In the three quarters since the modems business was integrated in Ericsson, it had racked up 1.7 billion Swedish crowns (238 million) in operating losses.
"Modems will have no impact on Group P&L (profit and loss account) from the second half of 2015," it said in a statement.
Ericsson shares were up 2 percent at Swedish 92.60 crowns by 0925 GMT, outperforming the STOXX Europe 600 technology index which was up 0.85 per cent.

Jayalalithaa opposes Centre s move to make Hindi compulsory in collegesJaya opposes Centre's move to make Hindi compulsory in colleges
PTI  Chennai, September 18, 2014
First Published: 12:42 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:20 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Maintaining its opposition to "imposition" of Hindi in the state, the Tamil Nadu government directed two universities on Thursday not to implement the UGC circular and said the decision taken by the previous UPA government would not be binding on it.
  
Chief minister Jayalalithaa said the move, amounting to "imposing Hindi", had been initiated during the previous government.
    
She said the two institutions -  Anna University and Alagappa University - had received the circular on September 16, 2014, where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in law and commerce streams also.
  
She said this decision had been taken at the meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti (National Hindi Council) on July 28, 2011 under then prime minister Manmohan Singh.
 
The council then said that students in Gujarat either graduated studying English or Hindi, thus resulting in lack of translation skills in central departments and UGC had been asked to ensure Hindi was also taught along with English, she said in a statement here.
  
"From this, it is clear that the effort to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken in this July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti," she said.
    
Jayalalithaa also questioned why DMK, then a part of the Congress-led UPA, remained silent, though it opposed the move now. She said her party's stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
 
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as 'Zone C', should only be in English, as mandates later.
 
"Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu," she said.
 
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English "is not only unacceptable, but also against the law," she said.
  
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
 
"I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them," she said.
This is the third major controversy over language since the new government came to power. Earlier Tamil Nadu parties had opposed directives asking central government employees to use Hindi while posting tweets or messages on social media, and on the observance of Teachers’ Day as Guru Utsav.

Border standoff hits Xi Jinping s visitBorder standoff casts shadow on Xi Jinping's visit to India
Frank Jack Daniel     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 14:22 IST
PM Narendra Modi with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan (Photo: Reuters)
Indian and Chinese soldiers faced off on a Himalayan plateau on Thursday, dampening the bonhomie around a rare visit by China's President Xi Jingping to New Delhi and a reminder of problems underlying growing commercial ties.
A meeting between brigadier-level army officials in the Ladakh plateau in the western Himalayas on Monday did not result in soldiers retreating from positions held for more than a week in a dispute over construction in the border region.
"There is an ongoing situation," an official at the army headquarters in Delhi said.
Both countries lay claim to vast tracts of territory and after two decades of talks are no closer to a resolution of a border dispute over which they went to war in 1962.
Foreign ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said the new friction on the border had featured in talks between Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who met in New Delhi on Thursday.
"Let me assure you all these issues have been raised and issues of concern, including recent events, will continue to be discussed," he said in response to a question about the stand-off.
India and China are ramping up commercial ties and opening up the way for Chinese investment in Indian infrastructure, including railways and industrial parks , with billions of dollars of investment pledges likely during Xi's trip.
Speaking at a welcoming ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Xi emphasised the enormous potential of the world's two largest emerging powers working more closely together but acknowledged a need to "deepen mutual understanding".
"During this visit I hope to work with the Indian leadership to be strong advocates of China-India relations and to take our strategic and cooperative partnership for peace and prosperity to a higher plain," Xi told reporters after being met by a guard of honour.
Modi is keen on Chinese investment to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour. He is also seeking more access for India's IT services and pharmaceuticals to China.
M.D. Nalapat, who heads the department of geopolitics at the Manipal University, said India's new government saw that working with China was 90 per cent upside, and should not be undermined by the two countries differences.
"Modi is looking at an opportunity, and will not sacrifice it because of the 10 per cent threat, Nalapat said in an article written for the Gateway House think tank.
"China needs India - as a market, as a source of trained manpower, and as a friendly neighbour. I believe that Xi has the ability to break through the negativism about India.
Even as images of Xi shaking hands with Indian ministers were broadcast, TV commentary focused on the border tension, and raked up sensitivities about China's support for India's arch-rival, Pakistan.
Another irritant for China is the presence in India of exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, who has lived in the north of the country since fleeing a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959. A government of exiled Tibetans and tens of thousands of refugees are also based in India.
In one sign that India wanted the Xi visit to be a success, New Delhi asked the Dalai Lama, whom Beijing labels a dangerous separatist seeking an independent Tibet, to reschedule an event in the capital so that it would not clash with the Chinese president's trip .
About 20 supporters of a free Tibet, mainly women, protested within a few metres of the building in New Delhi where Modi and Xi were holding talks, waving Tibetan flags and shouting "We want justice." Police detained them after a few minutes.
Several other small pro-Tibet protests broke out across the city.
Speaking in Mumbai, the Dalai Lama said Xi should use his visit to learn from the Indian experience of democratic rule, and learn democratic practices.
"I think the Chinese president should learn some of India's experience," he said in a speech. "Democratic rule, rule of law, and free media."
(Reuters)

BHEL powers drive to best Chinese gear makers in growing Indian marketE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Smallest known galaxy with supermassive black holefoundPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:03 pm
Astronomers led by an Indian-origin scientist have discovered a monster black hole lurking inside one of the tiniest and densest galaxies ever known located 54 million light years from Earth.
Though the black hole is five times the mass of the black hole at the centre of our Milky Way, it is inside a galaxy that crams 140 million stars within a diameter of about 300 light-years, only 1/500th of our galaxy’s diameter.
The dwarf galaxy containing the black hole, called M60-UCD1, is the densest galaxy ever seen, researchers said.
If you lived inside of it, the night sky would dazzle with at least 1 million stars visible to the naked eye as opposed to 4,000 stars in our nighttime sky, as seen from Earth’s surface, they said.
The finding implies that there are many other very compact galaxies in the universe that contain supermassive black holes.
The observation also suggests that dwarf galaxies may actually be the stripped remnants of larger galaxies that were torn apart during collisions with yet other galaxies – rather than small islands of stars born in isolation.
“We don’t know of any other way you could make a black hole so big in an object this small,” said University of Utah astronomer Anil Seth, lead author of the study.
His team of astronomers used the Hubble Space Telescope and the Gemini North 8-metre optical and infrared telescope on Hawaii’s Mauna Kea to observe M60-UCD1 and measure the black hole’s mass.
Black holes are gravitationally collapsed, ultracompact objects that have a gravitational pull so strong that even light cannot escape. Supermassive black holes – those with the mass of at least 1 million stars like our Sun – are thought toe at the centres of many galaxies.
The black hole at the centre of our Milky Way galaxy has the mass of 4 million suns, but as heavy as that is, it is less than 0.01 per cent of the Milky Way’s total mass.
By comparison, the supermassive black hole at the centre of M60-UCD1 is a stunning 15 per cent of the small galaxy’s total mass.
“That is pretty amazing, given that the Milky Way is 500 times larger and more than 1,000 times heavier than the dwarf galaxy M60-UCD1,” Seth said.
One explanation is that M60-UCD1 was once a large galaxy containing 10 billion stars, but then it passed very close to the centre of an even larger galaxy, M60, and in that process all the stars and dark matter in the outer part of the galaxy got torn away and became part of M60.
The team believes that M60-UCD1 may eventually be pulled back to merge with the centre of M60, which has its own monster black hole, weighing a whopping 4.5 billion solar masses (more than 1,000 times bigger than the black hole in our galaxy). The galaxies are 50 million light-years away.
The study was published in the journal Nature.

Notion Ink makes a comeback with cheapest Intel-based 2-in-1 PC at Rs19 990The device comes with preloaded business apps like Office with free one-year subscription and Outlook as well as a wireless keyboard and mouse combo.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:00 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 1:15 pm
Intel started 2014 by calling it the Year of the Tablet. Over halfway through the year, the real meaning of that statement is becoming more obvious. In the latest in a series of tablet launches carrying the Intel branding, the chipmaker has tied up with Bangalore-based Notion Ink and e-tailer to launch Cain, the most affordable 2-in-1 computer in the Indian market.
Priced at Rs 19,990, the device will be powered by Intel Atom Processor Z3735D and running Windows 8.1. It will also have a large 7900 mAh lithium polymer battery to power the 10.1-inch 1280×800 IPS LCD display. The device will also have 2GB RAM and 32GB internal memory.
Speaking to indianexpress.com, Tony Navin, Senior Vice President – Electronics & Home, Snapdeal.com said the device would appeal to both business users who are looking for mobility and portability as well as students who want good computing capability along with an entertainment quotient.
The device comes with preloaded business apps like Office with free one-year subscription and Outlook as well as a wireless keyboard and mouse combo. Plus, Airtel is offering free data of 500MB for six months for those buying the device.
Sandeep Aurora, Director Marketing and Market Development, Intel South Asia said it was finally coming to a time were good devices were coming at an affordable price point. “Products like this instill confidence in the buyers,” he said, adding that with price points points coming down there will be more good devices across different price points. Incidentally, the price of Windows 8 2-in-1s have come down by almost 75 per cent in the past year or so.
While the name might not ring a bell for lot of people, Notion Ink was in the thick of the news a few years back when it launched its Adam tablets to take on the iPad. However, the devices had production issues and did not become a mass success.
In a release, Rohan Shravan Founding CEO Notion Ink said the Notion Ink Design Labs believes in thoroughly studying and understanding user experience and developing a solution for it. “The Cain 2- in-1 is a result of the same philosophy and delivers a unique value proposition of rolling two devices into one sleek form factor without compromising user experience,” he said in a release.
Cain will be available exclusively on snapdeal.com at Rs 19,990.

UBM eyes Advanstar as chief targets dealUBM eyes US events group Advanstar
By Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/024286f8-3f03-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rasi Electrodes  board meeting on Sept 27  2014Sep 18, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rasi Electrodes' board meeting on Sept 27, 2014
Rasi Electrodes Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014, to issue and allot 10,00,000 Convertible Warrants on preferential basis to the Promoter and other than Promoter.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rasi Electrodes' board meeting on Sept 27, 2014
Rasi Electrodes Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014, to issue and allot 10,00,000 Convertible Warrants on preferential basis to the Promoter and other than Promoter.
Post your opinion here
 
Rasi Electrodes Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following business:1. To issue and allot 10,00,000 Convertible Warrants on preferential basis to the Promoter and other than Promoter, with each Warrant convertible into one equity share of the Company of nominal value of Rs. 10/- each at a price of Rs. 54/- which includes a premium of Rs. 44/- per share.2. To issue and allot 14,60,000 Equity shares for cash at a price of Rs. 54/- per equity share (including a premium of Rs. 44/- per Equity share) on preferential basis to the Non-Promoter Group.Source : BSE

Unimers India s AGM adjournedSep 18, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Unimers India's AGM adjourned
Unimers India Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company originally scheduled to be held on September 18, 2014 at 10:30 am, has been adjourned on account of quorum not being present and will now be held on September 25, 2014 at 10:30 am at the registered office of the Company
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Unimers India's AGM adjourned
Unimers India Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company originally scheduled to be held on September 18, 2014 at 10:30 am, has been adjourned on account of quorum not being present and will now be held on September 25, 2014 at 10:30 am at the registered office of the Company
Post your opinion here
 
Unimers India Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company originally scheduled to be held on September 18, 2014 at 10:30 am, has been adjourned on account of quorum not being present and will now be held on September 25, 2014 at 10:30 am at the registered office of the Company to transact the business as set out in the original notice of meeting.Source : BSE

Failure to refinance can prove costlyFailure to refinance can prove costly
Refinancing mortgage
David Sacks/Getty
Some borrowers focus on the upfront expense of refinancing and the inconvenience of the process, discounting the long-term economic gains.
Some borrowers focus on the upfront expense of refinancing and the inconvenience of the process, discounting the long-term economic gains. (David Sacks/Getty)
By Lew Sichelman,, United Feature Syndicate
Finance Mortgages University of Chicago
Excuses, excuses. The high cost of failing to refinance your mortgage.
Homeowners choose not to refinance their mortgages for any number of reasons. But when they don't, they lose out on tens of thousands of dollars in savings.
Exactly how much they lose depends on each borrower's individual circumstances, but a first-of-its-kind study attempts to quantify what people forfeit by not turning in their old loan rates for lower ones.
High stakes. Researchers found that the median household, having failed to refinance, gave away $45,000 in savings over the life of its mortgage. The study — by Benjamin Keys and Devin Pope of the University of Chicago and Jaren Pope of Brigham Young University — also found that the mistake of not refinancing is widespread.
Based on a sample of 1.5 million single-family mortgages that were active in December 2010, they estimate that 1 in 5 borrowers — that is, roughly 300,000 families — had not refinanced when it appeared profitable to do so.
0
The findings "suggest that the size and scope of the problem of failing to refinance is large," the researchers said. "While much of the savings a household can receive by refinancing represents a transfer of wealth from investors to households, the foregone savings is clearly significant for each individual household."
Even when controlling the sample for the often-valid reasons borrowers have for sticking with their higher-rate loans, Keys, Pope and Pope found that the losses were just as great, if not more so.
The justifications people have for not refinancing are almost as varied as the borrowers themselves. One factor is that calculating the financial benefit, or loss, is relatively complex. Another is that the benefits are not always immediate, but rather accrue over time.
But other factors often are at play. Refinancing can be expensive, often requiring cash out-of-pocket to cover a number of upfront costs.
Excuses. Sometimes borrowers don't believe the refinancing offers they receive are legitimate. Some don't even open letters from lenders, thinking what's inside is some sort of scam.
In other instances, the borrower's balance is so low that refinancing is seen as not worth the trouble. In other cases, they no longer have the good credit necessary to win approval from lenders. And in yet other cases, they might owe more than their houses are worth, meaning they'd have to bring large amounts of cash to the table to gain lower rates.
Absent these factors, though, the authors say, "there are serious consequences for homeowners if they fail to take advantage of refinancing options when interest rates decline."
The typical active loan in the sample was paying 5.52 percent in interest, had 23 years remaining and an unpaid balance of just over $200,000. The average loan-to-value ratio was 74 percent.
The authors estimate that over 91 percent of the households in the full sample would benefit from refinancing — a percentage they admit is dramatically overstated, since it doesn't allow for homeowners who were planning on moving, those who kept their original loans for tax purposes, and other factors. Allowing for those factors, the researchers calculate that 41 percent of the full sample were in a position where they should have refinanced.
Credit scores. Narrowing the sample even further by weeding out people whose credit scores had declined, whose loan-to-value ratios had increased, and/or who had missed or been late with a mortgage payment reduced the number who should have refinanced to 31 percent. And after removing households that had taken second liens against their properties, the sample was still 20 percent of households in December 2010 who were missing an important financial opportunity.
Worse, perhaps, is that 4 out of 10 of those people were still living in their homes two years later, continuing to make the full and on-time monthly payments, even though rates had continued to decline.
Take a household with a 30-year, fixed-rate loan of $200,000 at 6.5 percent at origination. When rates declined to 4.5 percent between 2008 and 2010, the savings by refinancing over the life of the mortgage is more than $80,000, even after accounting for transaction costs.
When rates reached all-time lows in late 2012, they had dipped to 3.35 percent. So someone with a contract rate of 6.5 percent would save roughly $130,000 by refinancing.

Sensex  Nifty fall most in 7 weeks ahead of US Fed policy meetSensex, Nifty fall most in 7 weeks ahead of US Fed policy meet
PTI  Mumbai/Hong Kong, September 16, 2014
First Published: 14:44 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:18 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
In their worst single-day drop in nearly 7 weeks, Sensex on Tuesday plunged 324 points and Nifty tanked 109 points on across-the-board selling on caution ahead of the outcome US Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting.
An earlier-than-anticipated rate hike by Fed after the two-day meeting that starts later Tuesday could lead to outflows, hurting emerging markets as the incentive for investors to chase higher yields becomes smaller.
Major bourses in Asia ended down and Europe was weak in morning trades. Rupee also continued to remain above 61-mark against dollar as domestic indices ended at three-week lows.
Besides, BJP heading for a sharp setback in bypolls appears to have had a bearing on sentiment, say brokers.
All-round selling was seen as all 12 BSE sectoral indices closed in the red, with realty, power, capital goods, refinery, consumer durable, banking and auto segments taking the lead in the downslide.
The 30-share BSE Sensex resumed better but fell back and continued its fall on sustained heavy selling. It settled at three-week low of 26,492.51, a steep fall of 324.05 points or 1.21%. Previously, it had plunged by 414.13 points, or 1.60%, on August 1, 2014.
Tata Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, NTPC, Tata Motors, ONGC, RIL, GAIL led the 23 laggards in Sensex.
The 50-issue Nifty stumbled by 109.10 points, or 1.36%, to end below 8K-mark at a 3-week low of 7,932.90. This is its worst show since August 1 when it fell 118.70 points.
Smallcap and midcap stocks, which in previous sessions had bucked a weak trend, saw a huge sell-off with their indices falling over 3% each.
"Market players will be looking for clues on the timing of the first US rate hike in more than eight years. Consensus is that the Fed will hike interest rates next year and it may declare the timelines today," said HDFC Securities in a note.
In Asia, barring KOSPI, all major markets ended in the red on Fed rate hike fears and weak China data. Europe saw major benchmarks trading 0.4-0.6% lower.

ED  CBI disagree over letting 2G accused go abroadED, CBI disagree over letting 2G accused go abroad
Avantika Mehta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 01:01 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:56 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) and CBI are at odds over whether to allow two people, accused in 2G spectrum allocation, to travel abroad.
The accused — Swan telecom promoter Shahid Balwa and Bollywood producer Karim Morani— had on September 10 filed an application requesting the court’s permission to travel abroad.
While Balwa wanted to go to London to drop off his son to college, Morani claimed he needed to travel to several countries including the US, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Belgium, Netherland and Dubai for work.
At that time, the senior public prosecutor for the CBI had “no objection” to the applications and, on this basis, Special Judge OP Saini had allowed Morani and Balwa to travel to their respective foreign destinations.
However, in an opposite move, enforcement directorate’s counsel NK Matta raised several objections against the applications, including that they were not supported by the requisite documentation, such as visas and hotel booking.
With regard to Morani, it was also argued that his specific presence was not required to complete the type of work he had listed he needed to travel for. Arguments on the matter were heard Tuesday, and the court reserved its order regarding the travel plans of the two.
The 2G spectrum scam involved corporations, politicians and government officials in India illegally undercharging mobile telephony companies for allocating 2G spectrum licenses for cell phones, leading to – according to the CAG — a shortfall of Rs. 1,76,645 crore.
Balwa, one of the promoters of the DB Group, which owns DB realty and Swan telecom, was arrested in February 2011 on the allegation that DB group transferred Rs. 2 billion to a media company owned by members of DMK party as gratuity for helping Swan bag licenses for 13 circles.
Cineyug’s Morani, considered one of the top producers in the Hindi film industry, was arrested on allegations that he channeled the kickbacks received by DMK for allocating the spectrum licenses to companies like Swan telecom.
The enforcement directorate had, in a case of money laundering arising from the 2G spectrum allocation scam, chargesheeted former telecom minister A Raja, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam MP Kanimozhi, the Balwa brothers and five other accused.
Among the companies chargesheeted are Morani’s Cineyug and Balwa’s Swan telecom and DMK owned Kalaignar TV Pvt Limited.

Rs 25 000 crore branded foods held up at portsRs 25,000 crore branded foods held up at ports
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 16, 2014
First Published: 23:32 IST(16/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:53 IST(17/9/2014)
Comments
From Swiss chocolates to premium whiskies, from canola oil to non-alcoholic beverages — food products worth Rs. 25,000 crore are stuck in India’s various ports or being re-exported because of what the industry calls as arbitrary regulatory scrutiny.
According to food importers, the Food Safety Standard Authority’s (FSSAI’s) insistence on scrutinising every detail including labels and logos with minor changes before allowing the products to enter India have affected supplies of many marquee brands including premium alcoholic brands and chocolates, even though these are compliant with Codex — the global standard for food products.
Following the recall of major consignments from India by a few global companies including a leading Japanese alcoholic drink brand and a marquee European chocolate brand, the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) convened an inter-ministerial meeting of the ministries of food processing industry and health to hammer out a solution to the problem that is being increasingly seen as anti-business.
“India cannot afford to be seen as anti-business,” Harsimrat Kaur Badal, food processing minister, told HT. “We have inherited this from the UPA. This is somewhat reminiscent of licence permit raj, which is hurting new enterprise. It is an inter-ministerial issue and we are solving this at the earliest with the intervention of the PMO,” the minister said.
FSSAI is a body mandated to regulate and ensure safe unadulterated food, both for imports and domestic producers.
Food importers and domestic producers, however, point out that the FSSAI has not harmonised the product standardisation process with global Codex parametres leading to arbitrary advisories in the name of approving products.
K Chandramouli, FSSAI chairman, refused to comment.
“There should be regulations and rules, but these should not be arbitrary,” Badal said.
“Since December 2013, containers of Canola oil have been detained at various ports on the instructions of food safety officers on grounds that every container of canola oil must bear the marking ‘imported rapeseed — low erucic acid oil,” said Amit Lohani, convenor of the Forum of Indian Food Importers (FIFI).
“In another instance, a leading European chocolate manufacturer had sent back its consignment from Indian ports after FSSAI ruled that stickered labeling of ingredients was not acceptable,” Lohani said.
According to Lohani, items stuck at ports include apples, olive oil, canola oil, beer, wine, spirits, seafood, mayonnaise and juices among others.
Importers and domestic processed food producers said that product approval by the FSSAI is required even for those that have been produced, imported or sold in India for many years and which are already compliant with international Codex standards.
Approval is required to be taken separately by different manufacturers wanting to produce a product with same ingredients and additives but with minor modifications.
“Food processing has to play a much larger role to move food from farms to homes. We have to produce more from less for more. We need to minimise the post-harvest losses,” Badal said.

Yamaha launches Fazer FI at Rs. 83 850New Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 14:10 IST
Yamaha launches Fazer FI at Rs. 83,850
PTI
automobile
Japanese motorcycle manufacturer Yamaha on Wednesday launched its new 149-cc motorcycle, Fazer FI, priced at Rs. 83,850 (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new model comes with a newly designed air-cooled 149cc, single-cylinder Fuel Injected engine which provides enhanced fuel efficiency and acceleration.
As part of consolidating its product portfolio, the company had recently launched new variants under the FZ series - FZ Version 2.0 and FZ-S Version 2.0.
“With the addition of new Fazer FI targeted at youth, the company hopes to see a steep growth in the customer base in the deluxe segment, especially keeping in mind the mileage conscious target audience,” the company said in a statement.

JLR Launches Locally Produced Jaguar XJ 2.0You are here: Home Corporates
JLR Launches Locally Produced Jaguar XJ 2.0 at Rs 93.24 Lakh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 00:25 (IST)
New Delhi: Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) on Tuesday launched locally manufactured Jaguar XJ 2.0L.
The car is priced at Rs 93.24 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The petrol powered luxury saloon, which is being made at the company' Pune plant, comes after the successful launch of locally produced diesel-powered Jaguar XJ 3.0L earlier this year.
"We are excited to introduce the locally manufactured Jaguar with a 2.0L petrol engine, a first in its segment, at an attractive price point," JLR India vice president Rohit Suri said in a statement.
The recently launched XJ 3.0L Diesel received an overwhelming response from customers across India, he added.
"The introduction of the all-new 2.0L petrol engine is keeping in mind our endeavour to broaden the appeal of this fabulous car to customers who are more inclined towards driving a car with a powerful petrol engine at its heart," Mr Suri said.
The car comes with various luxury features including electrically adjustable rear seats with massage function in three intensity settings, increased rear headroom and rear seat entertainment.
Story first published on: September 16, 2014 23:29 (IST)

Casino boss drops $20M on 30 Rolls-RoycesHong Kong tycoon buys 30 Rolls-Royce Phantoms
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 17, 2014: 7:35 AM ET
Casino magnate Stephen Hung seals record order with Rolls-Royce Motor Cars CEO Torsten Mueller-Oetvoes.
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
One of Hong Kong's flashiest tycoons has thrown down the gauntlet to high rollers: Buying 30 Rolls-Royce Phantoms, for $20 million, in a single order.
Gambling magnate Stephen Hung is buying the luxury fleet through his casino firm Louis XIII Holdings.
The company is building a new casino in the Chinese territory of Macau, and Hung says the cars are needed to transport guests.
Louis XIII says the fleet will be the largest in the world. Two of the cars, equipped with "external and internal gold plated accents," are the most expensive Phantoms ever commissioned.
"Louis XIII and Rolls-Royce Motor Cars share the same philosophy: to deliver the perfect experience to the world's most discerning customers," Hung said.
Related: Where the billionaires are now
Hung's new casino is due to open in 2016 and will compete for a slice of Macau's riches. Gambling revenue in the territory topped $45 billion last year -- seven times larger than Las Vegas.
Hung is well known in Hong Kong for his ostentatious displays of wealth. According to a Wall Street Journal profile published late last year, the tycoon has a personal nine-car luxury fleet that includes a Bentley worth $1 million.
Hung's wife, Deborah Valdez-Hung, is said to be the owner of Hong Kong's most recognizable car -- a hot pink Rolls Royce. The car is adorned with a vanity plate that reads: "DEBORAH."
First Published: September 17, 2014: 6:46 AM ET
Most Popular

Regulatory Uncertainty May Delay Reliance Power-Jaypee DealApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: The proposed sale of Jaypee group's hydroelectric assets to Reliance Power in an estimated Rs 12,000-crore deal may get delayed due to regulatory uncertainties over tariff issues related to 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project, one of the three projects being sold.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July had announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Sources said that Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) has withdrawn its application before the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) pertaining to interim tariff for electricity generated from Karcham Wangtoo hydro project and this could delay the deal.
When contacted, a Reliance Power declined to comment, while there was no response to queries sent to Jaypee group.
JPVL, which is a part of Jaypee Group, is expected to file a new application for final tariff before electricity regulator CERC.
This project is part of the proposed deal with Reliance Power.
Sources said that regulatory uncertainty over the Karcham Wangtoo project, pertaining to tariff charged for electricity produced from the plant, could delay the deal since major chunk of the transaction pertains to debt.
The Rs 12,000-crore deal includes Rs 9,500 crore in debt and Rs 2,500 in equity.
According to sources, the tariff uncertainty could adversely impact Jaypee Group's financials and debt reduction plans.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 18:47 (IST)

Photos: Meet the first Google Android One phonesHome
Meet the first Google Android One phones
The first set of Google Android One phones under its Android One project has been launched at a price starting at Rs 6,299 in India. The Android One smartphone devices available in India are Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream UNO and Karbonn Sparkle V and will be available online through Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal.
Yahoo India Wed 17 Sep, 2014
More Photos
Prev Next
The phones have features like front and rear-facing cameras, 1GB of memory, fast quad-core MediaTek processor, long battery life as well as features particularly important to Indians, including dual SIM slots, an FM radio tuner, and a microSD card slot for additional storage.
The phones have features like front and rear-facing cameras, 1GB of memory, fast quad-core MediaTek processor, long battery life as well as features particularly important to Indians, including dual SIM slots, an FM radio tuner, and a microSD card slot for additional storage.

Patel would have kept all Kashmir with India: Amit ShahPrint
Written by Harsha Raj Gatty | Gorta (bidar) | Posted: September 17, 2014 9:56 pm
BJP president Amit Shah said on Wednesday that all of Kashmir would have been under India’s control — with no need for Article 370 — if only Vallabhbhai Patel, and not Jawaharlal Nehru, had been in charge of the situation after independence.
“Even today, a big part of Kashmir is under Pakistan. I don’t have any hesitation in saying that if the Kashmir issue had been handled by Sardar Patel instead of Jawaharlal Nehru, then a part of Kashmir would not have gone under Pakistan, and Article 370 too would not have been required, because Kashmir would then have been like any other territory of India,” Shah said.
There would also have been no question of UN intervention in Kashmir had Patel, who oversaw the unification of Hyderabad, had been in charge of assimilating Kashmir as well, he said.
The BJP president was speaking in the north Karnataka district of Bidar, at an event to mark the 66th anniversary of the unification of the former princely, Nizam-ruled province of Hyderabad with India. This was Shah’s first visit to Karnataka after taking charge of the BJP.
He laid the foundation for a statue of the Sardar and a “memorial to martyrs” in the tiny village of Gorta, which was formerly a part of the princely Hyderabad state. The BJP is building the memorial in memory of villagers who were killed, allegedly by the Nizam’s irregular army of Razakars, for raising the national flag in the village on May 9, 1948. A few months later, Sardar Patel launched ‘Operation Polo’ against the Nizam, during which Indian forces defeated the Razakars and completed the annexation of Hyderabad.
The Sardar’s action prevented the alignment of Hyderabad with Pakistan, Shah said.
“If today this former Nizam state is part of India, the credit must go to Sardar Patel. It is because of his determination and his ability that we are all together, we have to always remember this,” Shah said. “On this day of liberation from the old Nizam state, I pay rich tributes to Sardar Patel on behalf of all countrymen.” And yet, Patel had died poor, and his family remained invisible in independent India — in sharp contrast to Nehru’s family, Shah said.
“Have you ever heard of the whereabouts of Sardar Patel’s family? Despite being a visionary and the unifier of India, the former advocate died with barely a few hundred rupees in his possession,” he said.
The princely state of Hyderabad was spread over parts of what are today Karnataka, Telangana and Maharashtra. The BJP under Shah seeks to use the narrative of the Gorta resistance in its campaign to expand its base in election bound Maharashtra, as well as in Telangana and Karnataka. Despite uncertain historical evidence, the BJP has labelled the alleged killings at Gorta the “Jallianwala Bagh of South India”. The “martyrs memorial”, scheduled to be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 17, 2015, will cost Rs 27 lakh, contributed by young BJP workers from 54,000 polling booths in Karnataka.
Shah described the losses suffered continued…
There would also have been no question of UN intervention in Kashmir had Patel, who oversaw the unification of Hyderabad, had been in charge of assimilating Kashmir as well, he said.

Ready to Quit Hyderabad Metro Rail Project If Issues Not Resolved: L&Tready to quit hyderabad metro rail project if issues not resolved: l&t
RBI Eases Norms for Issuing Equity Shares Under FDIYou are here: Home Economy
Reserve Bank Eases Norms for Issuing Equity Shares Under FDI
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 23:21 (IST)
E-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Mumbai: Easing foreign direct investment (FDI) norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed companies to issue equity shares to residents outside India against any type of fund subject to certain conditions.
The apex bank reviewed the extant guidelines for issuing shares or convertible debentures under the automatic route and has permitted issuance of equity shares against any fund payable by the investee company, remittance of which does not require prior permission of RBI or the government.
"Equity shares shall be issued in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines and the issue of equity shares under this provision shall be subject to tax laws as applicable to the funds payable and the conversion to equity should be net of applicable taxes," the RBI said.
Earlier, an Indian company under the automatic route could issue shares/convertible debentures to a person resident outside India against a lump sum technical know-how fee, royalty external commercial borrowings (other than import dues deemed as ECB or trade credit) and import payables of capital goods by units in Special Economic Zones (SEZs).
The guidelines allow issuance of shares subject to certain conditions like entry route, sectoral cap, pricing guidelines and compliance with the applicable tax laws.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 20:04 (IST)

Sistema shares plunge post Chairmans house arrestUpdated: September 17, 2014 23:52 IST
Sistema shares plunge post Chairman’s house arrest
Reuters
Russia
Shares in sprawling Russian holding company Sistema plummeted over 30 per cent on Wednesday after its billionaire Chairman was placed under house arrest, wiping more than $2 billion in value of the company.
Russian investigators accused Sistema’s Vladimir Yevtushenkov of money laundering late on Tuesday in connection with his company’s acquisition of up-and-coming oil producer Bashneft. The charges against Mr. Yevtushenkov, one of Russia’s richest men, raised fears of a return to the bad old days of asset grabs by the Russian state and drew comparisons to the fate of former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, who was jailed for a decade.
It comes at a time when investor confidence in Russia has been damaged by Western financial sanctions imposed over the conflict in Ukraine. Sistema, which also controls Russia’s biggest mobile phone operator MTS , says it considers the accusations against its Chairman baseless.
Sistema’s Moscow-listed shares were down 32 per cent, slashing the company's market capitalisation by some 100 billion roubles ($2.6 billion). In London Sistema’s global depositary receipts fell 34 percent.
The incident dampened the wider mood for Russian shares somewhat. The rouble-denominated MICEX index was about 2 per cent lower than Tuesday’s close, with big companies Gazprom and Rosneft off about 1 percent and Sberbank flat.
“Such a dramatic turn of events comes as a surprise regardless of the market knowing there was an open investigation into the privatisation of Bashkir Oil and Energy Group,’’ Sberbank CIB investment bank wrote in a note, referring to the oil company that later became Bashneft.
“The risk of a change in the shareholder structure of Bashneft escalates, a risk that now spreads to Sistema’s other assets,’’ the bank wrote.
Among Sistema’s main assets, Bashneft shares slid 22 per cent, while MTS was down 7 per cent. The Moscow Exchange responded to the panic selling of Sistema assets by temporarily restricting trading in shares of the holding company and Bashneft.
“Clearly all this comes at a particularly inopportune time for Russian markets, given concern over developments in Ukraine,’’ said an analyst for Standard Bank in London.

India continues to remain the premier sourcing destination: Nasscombusiness (general)
At $23.20 billion of revenues in 2013-14, the BPM industry continues to evolve in India, the survey says.
The domestic business process management (BPM) industry has experienced exponential growth. With strong fundamentals, India continues to remain the premier sourcing destination in the world, National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) President R. Chandrashekhar said here on Wednesday.
Mr. Chandrashekhar was sharing the findings of Nasscom’s recently concluded BPM survey on the sidelines of the two-day Nasscom BPM strategy summit 2014.
At $23.20 billion of revenues in 2013-14, the BPM industry continues to evolve in India, the survey says. Propelled by positive guidelines, the BPM industry can potentially be a $50-billion industry, employing two million people by 2020, the survey adds. “Industry experts have helped us evolve a BPM landscape that helps us deal with the ever-changing global business trends,” he said. Over the last year, with global corporations requiring differentiated and focused solutions, Indian BPM players have transformed their approach by becoming transformational partners rather than executional partners, so services being offered are tailor-made for customer requirements which prove a value-proposition to business models, he said.
Keshav Murugesh, Chairman, Nasscom BPM Council, said, “A key agenda for us is to showcase skills and careers in the BPM industry and change perceptions about the industry.” Strong platform play and the emergence of new markets and verticals led to an exponential growth of the segment. The highlight of the year was the growing knowledge services segment followed by the marketing and data analytics and legal services domain. Major BPM firms also focussed on transforming business processes leading to newer business models and services.
The summit also announced the top 20 BPM exporters in India for 2014, the top three being Genpact, Tata Consultancy Services and Serco Global Services.
The summit concurrently released a report ‘Emerging delivery locations in India: the rising tide — by Cushman & Wakefield and Nasscom.

Wallethub s best and worst cities for first-time homebuyers0
These days, homebuyers are more stressed and skeptical as ever in the wake of the economic crisis, especially given the  drastic variations in the pace of recovery  across the United States. In 2013, the National Association of Realtors  reported  that “Tightened credit standards for homebuyers have suppressed the level of first-time buyers in the market.” Among primary-residence homebuyers, 38 percent were first-time buyers that year, whereas the historical average is 40 percent.
With August being one of the top months for home sales, WalletHub compared the 300 largest U.S. cities to determine the ones that are most and least attractive to first-time homebuyers. It did so using 17 key metrics, ranging from median house prices and real estate taxes to median home price appreciation and price-to-rent ratios. For those planning to relocate or purchase a new home in the near future, the findings of this study will help them navigate the real estate landscape.
Here are the top ten and bottom ten:
Best cities for first-time homebuyers
1. Broken Arrow, OK

Bosch Strike: Union Talks With Management TodayApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Bangalore: The first round of talks with the management would be held on Thursday to resolve issues at German auto component major Bosch's Adugodi plant, where strike by workers entered the second day on Wednesday, a union official said.
"We will be holding bilateral talks with the management as per the direction of Additional Labour Commissioner Narasimhamurthy to solve issues pending for the past 22 months," Mico Employees Association president S Prasanna Kumar told PTI in Bangalore.
A the bilateral meeting - a tripartite meeting involving the union, the company management and the Additional Labour Commissioner - will be held on September 20, he said.
The workers had gone on an indefinite strike on Tuesday claiming that the management planned to cut down some medical benefits and demanded productivity "which cannot logically happen to the level of their expectation".
In a filing to the BSE on Tuesday, the company on described the demands of the workers as "unreasonable" and the strike as illegal.
The company has 2,575 permanent workers, 700 temporary workers and 1,000 contract workers, Mr Kumar said.
The management has also started issuing transfer orders to employees to shift to Bidadi plant near Bangalore without even discussing facilities like transport, he said.
The company's Bangalore plant has a history of workers' unrest, and the plant was shut down temporarily following a strike in September 2011.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 23:56 (IST)

J&K Claims: Insurance Regulator Ups Limit of Loss Required to be SurveyedIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
New Delhi: The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority has raised the limit of losses required to be surveyed for settlement of claims in flood-hit Jammu & Kashmir to Rs 50,000 from Rs 20,000 earlier.
"...the Authority (Irda) hereby raises the limit of losses required to be surveyed by a licensed surveyor and loss assessor for settlement of claims arising out of recent floods in the state of Jammu & Kashmir from Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000," the insurance sector regulator said in a communication to heads of general insurance companies.
Irda said the exemption will be valid for two months.
It also said the special dispensation is given to insurers to ensure expeditious settlement of claims and for mitigating hardships to policyholders in Jammu & Kashmir.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 23:59 (IST)

Make a blanket statement this fallMake a blanket statement this fall
Foot soldier military wool blanket
Kyle Smith, Faribault Woolen Mill Co.
Foot soldier military wool blanket in shadow plaid by Faribault Woolen Mill.
Foot soldier military wool blanket in shadow plaid by Faribault Woolen Mill. (Kyle Smith, Faribault Woolen Mill Co.)
Laura Pearson, Tribune Newspapers
Minnesota Golden Gophers
This fall, wrap up in a classic wool blanket from Faribault.
Fall layering doesn't just apply to your wardrobe. When heading out to a football game, hopping on a hay ride or embarking on some other seasonal event, pack a well-made wool blanket to fend off the autumn chill. There are stacks on stacks to choose from — the iconic multi-stripe Hudson's Bay caribou throw (thebay.com); one of the distinctive blankets in Pendleton's National Park collection (pendleton-usa.com); or a heavyweight Mackinaw blanket from Filson (filson.com), to name a few. (When it comes to blankets, there's a lot of ground to cover.)

Pier 1 Imports shares fall 11%Pier 1 Imports shares fall 11%
By Katie Lobosco   @KatieLobosco September 17, 2014: 7:05 PM ET
Foot traffic is down at Pier 1 stores.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Pier 1 Imports is the latest retailer to disappoint Wall Street.
Shares plunged as much as 11% in after-hours trading Wednesday after the company said profit was nearly cut in half during its most recent quarter.
Pier 1 earned less despite an increase in sales compared to the same quarter last year. CEO Alex W. Smith blamed that on an increase in promotions and the costs associated with online sales. Plus, fewer people are shopping at its stores.
"The paradigm for customer shopping behavior continues to change," Smith said.
He pointed to the jump in online sales, which now make up nearly 10% of overall sales, as a highlight. But that growth is cutting into the company's bottom line in the short-term, due to investments in marketing, staff and the opening of the company's second fulfillment center.
 
Sears 'irrelevant' as losses deepen
Smith said he was hopeful that an increase in online sales can also help drive traffic at stores. About one-third of online orders are currently picked up at Pier 1 stores and about a quarter of online orders are placed at computers located in the stores.
Shares of Pier 1 Imports ( PIR ) are down 33% since the beginning of 2014.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 7:05 PM ET
Most Popular

Amit Shah style under strainNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 11:02 IST
Amit Shah style under strain
Varghese K. George
parties and movements
‘This is the first realisation that Gujarat model may not fit the entire country’
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is keen on focussing on local factors as reasons for the setback in the Assembly by-elections, but the centralising style of president Amit Shah has become a subject of discussion. In the by-elections, the BJP lost 13 of the 23 seats it had held in various States.
For the coming Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections, it has departed from the practice of announcing chief ministerial candidates, focussing the campaign on Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The BJP has been planning not to project a chief ministerial candidate in Jharkhand also.
This strategy may come under strain after the setback, particularly in Uttar Pradesh. The campaign was highly centralised.
A BJP leader from Uttar Pradesh admitted that the Brahmins and Rajputs, communities traditionally sympathetic to the BJP, perceive that their stake in the Modi-Shah project is limited.
“This is the first realisation that Gujarat model may not fit the entire country,” a party insider said. The perceived sidelining of Brahmin leaders such as Kalraj Mishra and Lalji Tandon, and Rajput leader Rajnath Singh from UP matters will have to be corrected, he pointed out.

Ties with BJP strong but CM candidate will be from Shiv Sena  says Sanjay RautSep 18, 2014 at  10:57am IST
Ties with BJP strong but CM candidate will be from Shiv Sena, says Sanjay Raut
26
0
Mumbai: After the Bharatiya Janata Party's climbdown on its demand for fighting 135 seats in the Maharashtra elections, Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut has said that ties between both the parties are strong. However, speaking to CNN-IBN, he added that the Maharashtra Chief Ministerial candidate will be from the Shiv Sena.
"There was no pressure. In an alliance such talks do happen. A national party may think that they want more seats because of the demands made by the party workers. But in Maharashtra, Sena will contest more seats," Raut said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #sanjay raut #bharatiya janata party
Talking about the CM candidate, Raut said, "There is no doubt that the CM candidate will be from Shiv Sena. All seats are safe for Uddhav Thackeray to contest. He can contest from anywhere."
He rejected reports that there were tensions between the two parties over the seat sharing issue. "There was no tough talk in Maharashtra. A little negotiation does take place in an alliance," Raut said.
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari met the Maharashtra BJP leaders in Mumbai on Wednesday night and the party leaders bowed down to the Shiv Sena from the 135-seat demand and sent a list of 119 seats to the central leadership.
The BJP's climbdown came just days after its dismal performance in the recently held bypolls in nine states. The decision has been communicated to the Shiv Sena. The meeting was attended by state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and senior leader Sudhir Mungantiwar.
1

MP minister hints at corruption in the state  says won t tolerate briberySep 18, 2014 at  10:57am IST
MP minister hints at corruption in the state, says won't tolerate bribery
10
0
Rajgarh: Another Bharatiya Janata Party leader is in the news for another controversial remark. Madhya Pradesh Industry Minister Yashodhara Raje Scindia hinted at corruption in the state at a public function recently.
Scindia said that it was not possible to get government work done without bribing in the state. "Unless officials are bribed in MP, no work gets done," Scindia said.
"I'm not going to tolerate such behaviour," she said.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Hyundai s $10 bn property bid sends shares s...Hyundai outbids Samsung to pay sky-high $10 billion for land in South Korea's Gangnam
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.09PM IST
0
Share More
READ MORE ON » Volkswagen | South Korea | Shares | Seoul | Samsung Electronics Co Ltd | Korea Electric Power | Hyundai Motor Group
This Sept. 17, 2014 photo, shows Korea Electric Power Corp's headquarters, center, in Seoul, South Korea. The consortium led by Hyundai Motor Co. offered 10.55 trillion won ($10.1 billion) for land in Seoul's tony Gangnam district where it will build a new headquarters, on Thursday, Sept. 18, 2014. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Hyundai Motor Group will pay a record $10 billion for the site of its new headquarters in Seoul's high-end Gangnam district , out-bidding Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and sparking investor concerns that it is wasting cash on a trophy property.
The conglomerate smashed the previous record auction price for a single plot of land in South Korea with its 10.55 trillion won ($10.14 billion) bid, more than triple the appraisal value.
It would be the highest price by far for a single piece of land in Asia since the global financial crisis, according to CBRE Research, topping the $3.6 billion paid last year by Hong Kong's Sun Hung Kai Properties for a site in a commercial district in Shanghai.
Investors and analysts expressed alarm at the price that Hyundai was willing to pay for a site at a time when it could be pouring money into higher dividends or more factories. At the site, it plans to build an auto theme park and a hotel as well as new offices.
"The bid price is nonsense. I was stunned," said Kim Sung-soo, a fund manager at LS Asset Management and an investor in all the three Hyundai companies in the bidding group.
"Even taking into account competition with Samsung, the bid price is excessive," Kim said, adding that he expected it to cost another $6 billion to develop the property.
Hyundai Motor Co shares fell 9 per cent, their biggest drop in three years, after the bid was announced by the seller, state-run Korea Electric Power (KEPCO). Sister firm Kia Motors closed 7.8 per cent lower and parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co, also in the bid group, declined 7.9 per cent. Between them, the three lost nearly $8 billion in market value on Thursday.
Although Hyundai Motor Group has plenty of cash, Hyundai Motor Co and Kia, which together rank fifth by global auto sales, have been posting slowing profits as a strong local currency saps overseas earnings.
"This deal is going to take a huge chunk out of Hyundai's vault, and dipping their hands into a cash stash that could have otherwise been used for higher dividend payouts and R&D is going to aggravate many investors, especially foreigners," said Ko Tae-bong, auto analyst at HI Investment & Securities.
The companies also need to fund new factory projects in Mexico and China, which are expected to go into production in 2016.
KEPCO shares gained 5.8 per cent after Hyundai won the auction by what a KEPCO official called "a wide margin". The official did not disclose the size of Samsung's bid and a Samsung Electronics spokeswoman declined to comment.
CASH-RICH
Hyundai Motor Group's 10 listed companies, excluding financial firms, had 42.8 trillion won in cash and equivalents at the end of the first quarter, according to public filings compiled by data consulting firm CEO Score.
The South Korean economy is dominated by sprawling conglomerates, or chaebol, and Seoul-listed stocks have tended to trade at discounts to shares elsewhere partly due to low dividends and investor worries about corporate governance.
Shareholder activism in South Korea tends to be muted, as many fund houses manage money on behalf of chaebol or are themselves part of big corporate groups, said Chae Yi-bai, an analyst at Solidarity for Economic Reform, an activist group.
Foreign investors own 46 per cent of Hyundai shares.
"Hyundai Motor needs to proactively reach out to shareholders to convince them on the rationale of the deal and provide adequate explanation," he said.
Chung Sun-sup, CEO of research firm Chaebul.com, said Hyundai was keen to secure the land because its current headquarters on the outskirts of Seoul is not befitting of its stature, and the KEPCO land is the only prime plot available. He said 76-year-old Chairman Chung Mong-koo may want to leave "something big" when he passes control to his son, Chung Eui-sun.
He also figures that about 30 Hyundai Motor affiliates pay a combined 220 billion won in office rent. "If you flip that around, that's roughly equal to the amount of interest you'd get on 10 trillion won in bank deposits. So in some sense that is a rationale for such a high bid for the Kepco land."
CAR THEME PARK
While some investors were shocked, Hyundai's big bid for a landmark in the heart of Seoul's trendiest district may help ease its tax burden under proposed rules that would tax excess corporate cash.
Based on last year's earnings, companies that belong to the Hyundai Motor Group would have the largest exposure to the law, facing 284 billion won in further taxes if the government required conglomerates to spend at least 60 per cent of net profit on investment, wages and dividends, CEO Score has said.
Hyundai Motor Group has said it plans to build a vast complex on the 79,342 square metre site that will house its headquarters as well as a hotel, convention centre and a theme park. It noted that rivals such as BMW and Volkswagen have tourist attractions around their headquarters.
"In order to achieve production capacity of 10 million cars and bolster brand value that befits a global top-five company, we need a global business centre. The bid is the result of comprehensively reviewing its value as a symbol of the group's second growth phase," a Hyundai Motor Group spokesman said.
Hyundai and Kia have been keen to build a premium image around their brands to better compete with the likes of German rivals that are taking a rising share of the domestic market.
This was not the first time cash-rich Hyundai Motor Group drove up the price in a big auction.
A consortium of the same three Hyundai Motor Group companies bid around 5 trillion won in 2011 to buy Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which had been expected to fetch around 3 trillion won but had symbolic value as the original company of the Hyundai empire, founded in 1947 by Chung Ju-yung.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sun Pharma to acquire rights for Merck s dermatology drugSun Pharma to buy rights for Merck's dermatology drug, stock trading higher
IANS     Chennai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:15 IST
Photo: Reuters
In an $80 million deal, the pharmaceutical major Sun Pharmaceutical Industries will acquire worldwide rights to US-based Merck & Co Inc's tildrakizumab, an investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, the company said.
In a statement issued on Wednesday, Sun Pharma said both the companies through their respective subsidiaries announced an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement for tildrakizumab.
The drug is currently being evaluated in phase-3 registration trials for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
"Under terms of the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of $80 million," the statement said.
Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma.
As per the deal upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialization of the approved product.
Merck is eligible to receive undisclosed payments associated with regulatory (including product approval) and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties ranging from mid-single digit through teen percentage rates on sales.
"Sun Pharma is very pleased to enter into this collaboration with Merck, a recognized leader in the field of inflammatory/immunology therapies, for this late-stage candidate for chronic plaque psoriasis," Kirti Ganorkar, senior vice president for business development at Sun Pharma, was quoted as saying in the statement.
"This collaboration is a part of our strategy towards building our pipeline of innovative dermatology products in a market with strong growth potential," he added.
Following this, Sun Pharma shares gained 2 per cent on Thursday. Traders said it was the first time that an Indian company has taken global rights for a novel drug.
The traders also added that the deal will strengthen Sun's presence in the U.S. skin market and also boost revenue potential.
(Additional inputs from Reuters)

iOS 8: Why older iPhone  iPad users should wait before upgrading23
2
New York: Apple's iOS 8 software update for iPhones and iPads is worth getting - but not necessarily right away.
Those with an older device, such as an iPhone 4s or an iPad 2, might want to wait to see whether others have difficulties using iOS 8 with slower processors. Some of the new features won't be available on those three-year-old devices anyway. It might be time to get a new phone or tablet instead.
Even for newer devices, some apps might not be fully functional at first. Dropbox, for instance, says there's a problem with a camera backup feature. Specialised apps you have for work might also be affected.
Apple's iOS 8 software update for iPhones and iPads is worth getting - but not necessarily right away.
#ios 8 #ios #apple #iphones
And a new feature for tracking health and fitness data isn't working because of a software bug, so Apple has been removing affected apps from its app store. Apple says it hopes to fix the problem by the end of the month.
Meanwhile, some Mac integration features from the past might not work until Yosemite comes out. That is especially true if you activate Apple's new storage service, iCloud Drive. Even if you get iOS 8, you might want to wait on activating iCloud Drive on your device. Your phone or tablet will warn you before you activate it.
Once you upgrade, it's very difficult to go back.
And when you do, be sure to back up your photos and other data first.
9

May import iron ore if shortage sustains: Kalyani SteelRK Goyal, managing director,  Kalyani Steel says the company hasn’t yet started importing iron ore prices, but it might if the ore shortage owing to a shutdown of Jharkhand and Odisha mines continues.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Goyal says the company is now functioning at 75 percent capacity utilization.
Below is the edited transcript of RK Goyal's interview with Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: Has there been any change or improvement in the business fundamental or in the outlook of the company?
A: As far as the company is concerned there is no change, but in general sentiments for the country as a whole are improving and maybe the investments which are going to come from Japan or from China or from US by Prime Minister Modi’s visit and the interaction that is happening between the countries is playing on the sentiment and if all these investments comes up then definitely there will be much larger investment in infrastructure and hence in steel – maybe something to do with that but otherwise there is no change as far as we are concerned.
Sumaira: Globally the prices of iron more have softened quite a bit, currently closer to USD 80 per tonne mark and they have come off all the way from USD 135 per tonne but domestically we have not seen much softening in the prices. So, does Kalyani Steel have the bandwidth to import?
A: As of now we are not planning to import but if the situation arises then we will not hesitate in importing iron ore and the way the situation is in the country maybe we will be forced to import iron ore.
Reema: Could you tell us what the pricing is globally as well as domestically how the price situation is and if you do look to import what can be the benefit for Kalyani Steel?
A: We are in a situation where we can import but for the poor infrastructure from port to the plant and those costs are very high otherwise at the current prices it makes sense to import iron ore.
Sumaira: Even in Jharkhand some of the mines now been shut for fortnight. Can you take us through what is the impact on the availability of iron ore?
A: Availability has definitely gone down in and it has gone down substantially in Karnataka also and that’s why the prices were higher in the recent past.
Reema: Any numbers of what the domestic shortfall is on account of closer or mines in Jharkhand as well as in Orissa?
A: It is very difficult to comment because some of the plant which were worth producing sponge iron, have closed their operations and at the same time many of the steel plant are working on reduced capacity. So around 130 million tonne which was the production of last year’s 130-135 million tonne, now it is going down further. So, it’s definitely leading through its circulation in the price and at the same time some of the companies have already started importing to supplement this shortfall.
Sumaira: Could you tell us what were the prices at the last e-auction and when are you expecting the next one?
A: E-auctions happen three-four times in a month. I will not be able to tell specifically because for different grades of iron ore there are different prices for each lot, so it’s very difficult to say but for us the landed price of iron more fines is around Rs 4,800-5,000 and for lumps almost Rs 6,300-6,400.
Reema: Given the shortfall in iron ore, what is the current capacity utilisation at Kalyani Steel plant?
A: We are operating currently around 70-75 percent and we would like to increase it once iron ore is available at the right price?
Reema: Do you expect iron ore prices to continue to remain firm in India given the shortfall and what is happening in Jharkhand or do you think they will start inching lower inline with what is happening globally?
A: I think it will remain firm in India.
Reema: You also indicated that you will look to import iron ore if the situation arises. How soon could the company look to import?
A: We are continuously evaluating it. We will decide at an appropriate time. Right now we have not decided to import.
Kalyani Steels stock price
On November 21, 2014, Kalyani Steels closed at Rs 162.45, down Rs 2.95, or 1.78 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 179.10 and the 52-week low was Rs 47.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 17.10 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 91.13 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.78.
RELATED NEWS

Prashant Bhushan refuses to name the whistleblower in the case against CBI chiefSep 18, 2014 at  04:34pm IST
Prashant Bhushan refuses to name the whistleblower in the case against CBI chief
108
0
New Delhi: Senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan has refused to disclose the identity of the whistleblower in the case against Central Bureau of Investigation chief Ranjit Sinha in the 2g scam. Bhushan has told the Supreme Court that revealing the name of source will endanger the life of the source.
The apex court had on Monday directed Bhushan, who has levelled allegations against Sinha of protecting accused in the 2G case, to reveal the name of the whistleblower from whom he got CBI documents and guest list of Sinha's residence. The apex court had said that it would go into the merit of allegations against Sinha after knowing name of the whistleblower who leaked documents including the purported entry register of Director's residence.
A bench of justices HL Dattu and SA Bobde had said that the affidavit filed by Bhushan is not in consonance with the Supreme Court rules and asked him to reveal the source from whom he got all the documents.
#prashant bhushan #ranjit sinha #2g scam #central bureau of investigation
"Put name of the whistleblower in a sealed envelope. Once we realise that there is no hanky-panky then we would consider what type of probe is to be done," the bench had told Bhushan.
"I can put my life at stake on the issue that register is genuine. It is impossible to fabricate it. I can guarantee that it is genuine register which was maintained at gate," he said, adding, "It's clear that prosecution case in 2G scam is being destroyed by the Director."
The bench, however, had requested Bhushan to name the whistleblower in a sealed envelope. The director had questioned the very existence of the diary before the apex court and said that 90 per cent of the entries were fudged though some entries may be genuine.
299

Hours before Modi-Jinping meet  Tibetans protest outside Hyderabad HousePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:01 pm
Scores of Tibetans Thursday staged a vociferous protest and clashed with police outside Hyderabad House, the venue for the bilateral talks between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The protesters reached Gate No 3 of the building around 11:45 AM and started shouting anti-China slogans.
The police tried to pacify them but they did not relent and eventually clashed with the police as they were stopped from approaching the gate. Some of the protesters were also detained by the police.
A group of Tibetans also held a protest at Dhaula Kuan and were forcefully removed from the spot.
Yesterday, ten Tibetans were detained after they staged a protest outside Chinese Embassy here against the visit of the Chinese President.
Xi is on a three-day visit to India.

TN Govt directs 2 universities not to implement UGCcircularHer party's stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states, said Jayalalithaa . (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 2:15 pm
Maintaining its opposition to “imposition” of Hindi in the state, the Tamil Nadu government on Thursday directed two universities not to implement the UGC circular and said the decision taken by the previous UPA government would not be binding on it.
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said the move, amounting to “imposing Hindi”, had been initiated during the previous government.
She said the two institutions – Anna University and Alagappa University – had received the circular on September 16, 2014 where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in Law and Commerce streams also.
She said this decision had been taken at the meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti (National Hindi Council) on July 28, 2011 under then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
The Council then said that students in Gujarat either graduated studying English or Hindi, thus resulting in lack of translation skills in Central departments and UGC had been asked to ensure Hindi was also taught along with English, she said in a statement here.
“From this, it is clear that the effort to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken in this July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti,” she said.
Jayalalithaa also questioned why DMK, then a part of the Congress-led UPA, remained silent, though it opposed the move now. She said her party’s stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as ‘Zone C’, should only be in English, as mandates later.
“Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu,” she said.
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English “is not only unacceptable, but also against the law,” she said.
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
“I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them,” she said.

Mark Mobius  Chris Wood up stakes on Indian markets; top stocks they are betting big onYou are here: Home > Collections > Clsa
Mark Mobius, Chris Wood up stakes on Indian markets; top stocks they are betting big on
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 01.51PM IST
(Mark Mobius said that…)
NEW DELHI: Reaffirming their faith in India's story, two large foreign fund houses, namely CLSA and Templeton Group, have told ET Now in an interview this week that they have increased their allocation towards India and remain positive on the Modi-elected government to push pro-growth reforms.
Mark Mobius, Executive Chairman, Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations going forward.
Earlier this week, Chris Wood, Chief Strategist, CLSA, said that India has been one of his favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the elections. He has allocated 41 per cent of his long only portfolio to India.
Commenting on Modi, he said that he is viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years.
"Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again," he added.
Top bets of CLSA & Templeton Group
Templeton Group
Mark Mobius sees banks to benefit as the economy bounces back. So, "well-managed banks will be benefiting from what is happening now, but if you look at our portfolios, we have quite a lot in the consulting area, in outsourcing firms like Tata Consultancy," he says.
IT sector: If you could see from their earnings growth, IT stocks have been doing very well and if you look at the market capitalisation compared to companies like Alibaba or any of these internet companies, you will realise that these outsourcing companies are actually in a much stronger position from a longer-term point of view.
Oil & Gas sector: Mobius likes oil marketing stocks. He says ONGC is a very good company. Liberalisation of pricing will be very beneficial for these companies. The governments around the world are giving up on these fixed and subsidised prices because they have now realised that they just can't afford them for the long term and it encourages waste in the usage of these raw materials.
CLSA:
In a recent report released last week, titled 'Bits & Pieces', CLSA said that the renewed investment cycle should significantly favour infrastructure asset owners and contractors such as Larsen & Toubro. Corporate lenders such as ICICI Bank and SBI should also benefit.
Among building material companies they prefer Grasim. "Ensuing job creation will be positive for discretionary consumption plays such as Bharti Airtel. State-owned oil companies will appreciate subsidy cuts," says CLSA. Their favourite pick is ONGC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Canary Wharf mall boosts SongbirdSongbird gets boost from rise in value of Canary Wharf mall
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c9babee-3f00-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here are Sahil Kapoor s top trading ideasLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are Sahil Kapoor's top trading ideas
Watch the interview of Sahil Kapoor, Edelweiss Financial Services with Ekta Batra & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

SC raps Modi government over lack of transparency in the appointment of CVCSep 18, 2014 at 01:18pm IST
SC raps Modi government over lack of transparency in the appointment of CVC
121
10
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has expressed unhappiness over the procedure proposed by the government for the appointment of the Chief Vigilance and Vigilance Commissioners. The court has criticised the appointment procedure saying it lacks transparency.
The apex court said that the lack of a transparent procedure will deprive deserving candidates from getting a chance. The Attorney General has told court that no appointment will be made until the matter is in court.
The government had earlier proposed to go ahead with the appointments to statutory bodies even though there is no Leader of the Opposition as a member of the Selection Committee.
The apex court said that the lack of a transparent procedure will deprive deserving candidates from getting a chance.

Dalai Lama hopes for peace and better ties between India and China as Xi Jinping visits IndiaSep 18, 2014 at  01:23pm IST
Dalai Lama hopes for peace and better ties between India and China as Xi Jinping visits India
26
0
Mumbai: Tibetan leader Dalai Lama hopes for peace and better ties between India and China as the latter's President Xi Jinping visits India. According to Dalai Lama both these countries are strong players as they are emerging economies and maintaining a good relationship with each other is very vital for both the populated nations.
Dalai Lama stressed that good ties between the two nations could in turn benefit the rest of Asia.
Talking about the age old Tibetan issue Dalai Lama felt that Tibet's problem is also India's problem and an understanding of the situation is the need of the hour. He stressed on the importance of talks with China, which would help in building trust and understanding.
#hu jintao #xi jinping #dalai lama #border
"Previously, I told Hu Jintao that he could learn some good things from India. I shall say the same thing again. Xi Jinping's thinking is more realistic and he is more open minded so he can learn more from India. He should gather experience from what he notices in India. Both India and China are heavily populated. But India is a democratic nation where people sharing different languages and scripts live with stability and harmony since 1947," he stated.
Dalai Lama also recalled the border before 1950 when there was not a single soldier standing on guard. "It is very vital to solve the Tibet issue peacefully. Force shall take us no where," he concluded.
2

Jet Airways to start full services on JetKonnect in DecemberJet Airways to start full services on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect in December
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:12 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a bid to take on competition from Tata-SIA's Vistara airline which is yet to start operations, Jet Airways on Thursday announced launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December and plans to consolidate into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform 'single brand', with Jet Airways commencing streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into "a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience," the statement said.
"As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December one, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network," it said.
It said the 'Sky Cafe' or Jet's buy-on-board service would be discontinued. Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December one onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India , after joining Star Alliance, has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.

N Chandrasekaran: TCS to build a war chest for making acquisitionsYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
N Chandrasekaran: Tata Consultancy Services to build a war chest for making acquisitions
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 01.55PM IST
('Our digital business is…)
NEW DELHI: Calling Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Japan visit a 'successful' one, N Chandrasekaran, MD & CEO of TCS told ET Now that he expects the PM's US visit to see similar success. "Prime Minister's visit to Japan was really successful. I am hoping that similar success will come out of the US visit," Chandrasekaran said.
Chandrasekaran went on to say, "Prime Minister's visit to the US is a great thing, not only because of IT companies, but because by and large there is a phenomenal opportunity between US and India." "Indian companies can do lot in the US, US companies can do lot in India across sectors,' he said.
According to Chandrasekaran, "The opportunity to increase bilateral trade in such that there is a huge impact on exports, imports or employment creation. It is probably one of the biggest opportunities."
Asked if he will be a part of the PM's delegation to US, Chandrasekaran said, "Though I am travelling to the US, but I am not part of the delegation."
Talking about whether TCS feels any pressure to make acquisitions, after Cognizant's recent move to acquire TriZetto, he said, "No, not at all. Every company has to have its strategy. It will be a big mistake if you extrapolate somebody else's strategy for your strategy."
Commenting on the company's plans to make acquisitions, Chandrasekaran said, "We did a deal in Japan, France. We will always look at geography expansion." "We will see if we can get any platforms which we think will be strategic for TCS," he added.
Chandrasekaran said that TCS will continue to pay healthy dividends. "We generate lot of cash. However, we will definitely maintain a certain amount of war chest for acquisitions."
Discussing the significance of business, he said, "There is a significant interest from customers. Our digital business is definitely growing faster than the rest of the company." "Digital business will generate at least $5 billion revenues in 4-5 years," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways to launch full services on JetKo...Air India
(Full service product with…)
NEW DELHI: In a bid to take on competition from Tata-SIA's Vistara airline which is yet to start operations, Jet Airways today announced launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December and plans to consolidate into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December one, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform 'single brand', with Jet Airways commencing streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into "a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience," the statement said.
"As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December one, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network," it said.
It said the 'Sky Cafe' or Jet's buy-on-board service would be discontinued. Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December one onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India , after joining Star Alliance , has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.
In another development, Jet Airways also announced its fifth daily flight connecting the two financial hubs--Mumbai and Dubai--from October 14.
The flight would "further strengthen the presence of Jet Airways in the Indo-Gulf sector, making it one of the region's leading carriers," a spokesperson said, adding the airline would deploy its next-generation Boeing 737-800 aircraft in a two-class configuration of business and economy.
The new service would "provide easy connectivity for guests, especially from western India, flying to and from the United Arab Emirates," said Gaurang Shetty, Jet's Senior Vice President (Commercial).
He said the premier private carrier has "already established itself as a prestigious brand in the intensely competitive Indo-Gulf sector in a relatively short span of time, on accord of its globally acclaimed service excellence."
The latest flight would complement the airline's existing daily Gulf operations to Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Muscat and Sharjah, as well as to Jeddah, Riyadh and Dammam from several cities in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba symbol of China s new technology giantsAlibaba symbol of China's new technology giants
By AP | 18 Sep, 2014, 02.06PM IST
Alibaba Group's US stock offering is a wakeup call about an emerging wave of technology giants in China's state-dominated economy.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Alibaba Group's US stock offering is a wakeup call about an emerging wave of technology giants in China's state-dominated economy .
Until now, Chinese companies that made a splash in global stock markets were state-owned banks and oil companies. But they are big by decree, not because they sell products customers want.
By contrast, private sector tech champions such as Lenovo Group in personal computers and search engine Baidu Inc. survived bruising competition to rise to the top of their industries.
Lenovo overtook Hewlett Packard Co. to become the No. 1 global PC maker last year. Baidu ranked No. 31 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the most innovative companies. Huawei Technology Ltd. unseated Sweden's Ericsson in 2012 as the biggest maker of network gear.
Each success is unique, but they share common roots in an environment in which the ruling Communist Party has spent heavily since the 1990s to train engineers and expand Internet access. Communist leaders have pursued a hybrid strategy of encouraging inflows of technology and investment while limiting foreign ownership and censoring online material.
"We've seen a pretty careful balancing of encouraging competition and investment and also control," said Duncan Clark, chairman of BDA China, a research firm in Beijing, and an adviser to Stanford University's China 2.0 Program in entrepreneurship.
China's tech giants expanded while attracting little notice abroad in part because many focus on a fast-growing home market in the world's second-largest economy. They have little incentive to take on the risk and distraction of expanding overseas.
Tencent Holdings Ltd., with a stock market valuation of $150 billion, is known abroad for its WeChat instant messaging service, which has attracted millions of foreign users. But most of its $3.1 billion in 2013 profit came from its role as China's leading provider of online and smartphone-based games.
Alibaba, founded in 1999 to link foreign retailers with Chinese producers of goods from costume jewelry to industrial hoses, also has stepped up its focus on its home market. Since the start of 2013, the company has spent more than $2 billion to create or acquire Web-based video, finance and other consumer businesses. Chinese buyers accounted for a big portion of last year's $248 billion in sales on its e-commerce platforms.
Page 1 of 2

Infosys partners with Huawei for cloud-based...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys partners with Microsoft, Hitachi and Huawei on cloud, big data
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 03.49PM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Huawei and Infosys will…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest software services firm Infosys today said it has partnered China's Huawei Technologies to offer enterprise cloud, big data and communication solutions.
The announcement comes amidst visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
India has pressed its neighbour for export of IT services and promotion of tourism between the two countries.
China has committed USD 20 billion investment in India over the next five years and has agreed to provide greater market access to Indian products in farm, pharma and gems & jewellery sectors, with a view to reducing trade gap.
The Bangalore-based firm also expanded its partnership with US-based tech giant Microsoft on cloud services and with Hitachi Data Systems (HDS), a subsidiary of Japan-based Hitachi, on infrastructure and data centre solutions.
Infosys, a systems integration partner of Microsoft, will also establish a global 'centre of excellence' for Microsoft Azure Machine Learning that will train over 1,000 engineers by the end of fiscal year 2015, it said in a statement.
The firm in partnership with HDS will offer enterprises infrastructure and data centre transformation solutions and will also set up a centre of excellence for 'pay-per-use' solutions.
The IT services major said it will build a broad range of predictive analytics offerings using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning to help enterprises adopt and use advanced analytic tools and algorithms.
Infosys will accelerate its efforts to design frameworks, tools and accelerators to improve end user productivity for the digital workforce on Microsoft cloud platforms. These platforms, including Microsoft Office 365 and Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online, complement Azure solutions, it added.
Meanwhile, the firms will jointly develop IT solutions that combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and service expertise from Infosys. These solutions will target enterprise customers looking to modernise their operations by leveraging cloud infrastructure.
Both parties will build reference architectures and standardised solutions for big data platforms, on Huawei hardware infrastructure, for joint go-to-market efforts.
Infosys' Cloud Ecosystem Hub, a solution that helps firms build and manage a unified hybrid cloud environment, will be integrated with Hitachi's Unified Compute Platform (UCP) to reduce time-to-market and simplify complex migrations.
The combination will enable enterprises to move to a 100 per cent virtualised environment with management, orchestration and hypervisor integration, Infosys said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi  Xi hold talks; Chinese troops encroaches on LadakhComments
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday committed to resolve the border dispute with India at an early date to improve peace and cooperation between both countries.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said after summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,"he said.
Since the border is not demarcated there will be certain incidents, Xi said, adding that both sides are capable of effectively managing the situation  through border-related mechanisms so that they do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
Modi in his one-on-one meeting with the visiting Chinese president said India was "seriously concerned" about the repeated incursions along the border.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese president.
The latest incident India was referring to was the  fresh incursion by the Chinese army in Chumar area, even as talks were on between both the leaders.
Watch: Xi gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
As many as 1000 soldiers of  the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA)  reportedly encroached 500 metres into the Chumar area. The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads, Rebos, had pitched their tents is also continuing.
India also expressed concern over China's policy of issuing stapled visas to Indian citizens from Arunachal and at the dispute over trans-border rivers.
President Xi also said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) - a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
 
China promises $20 billion investment
Xi promised to invest $20 billion in infrastructure and manufacturing projects in India over the next 5 years. 12 agreements were signed in the meeting between both leaders including on projects to set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and speeding up the existing rail network in the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore sector.
China also agreed to give Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - greater access to Chinese markets. This will help India reduce the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Both sides pledged to improve people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The year 2015 will be celebrated as a 'Visit India' year in China and 2016 will be celebrated as 'Visit China' year in India.
.
 
Earlier while talking to newspersons after a ceremonial welcome at the Rashtrapati Bhawan President Xi Jinping urged both countries to pursue developmental goals together."For both our countries development is top priority. We share the same developmental goals, same developmental philosphies," he said. 
Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping presented with a model of 'charkha'/ spinning wheel at Rajghat pic.twitter.com/IwYHlSPiIL
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 18, 2014
"We are the two largest developing economies, and two biggest markets. In an increasingly multipolar world our strategic and economic ties are important. Together we can bring prosperity to 2.5 billion people of Asia and opportunities to rest of the world,"he added.
President Xi  spoke to reporters after  a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhawan . Later the Chinese president along with his wife Peng Liyuan, paid tributes at the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat.
(With inputs from Jayanth Jacob in Delhi and agencies)

Jayalalithaa opposes Centre s move to make Hindi compulsory in varsitiesJaya opposes Centre's move to make Hindi compulsory in colleges
PTI  Chennai, September 18, 2014
First Published: 12:42 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:20 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Maintaining its opposition to "imposition" of Hindi in the state, the Tamil Nadu government directed two universities on Thursday not to implement the UGC circular and said the decision taken by the previous UPA government would not be binding on it.
  
Chief minister Jayalalithaa said the move, amounting to "imposing Hindi", had been initiated during the previous government.
    
She said the two institutions -  Anna University and Alagappa University - had received the circular on September 16, 2014, where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in law and commerce streams also.
  
She said this decision had been taken at the meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti (National Hindi Council) on July 28, 2011 under then prime minister Manmohan Singh.
 
The council then said that students in Gujarat either graduated studying English or Hindi, thus resulting in lack of translation skills in central departments and UGC had been asked to ensure Hindi was also taught along with English, she said in a statement here.
  
"From this, it is clear that the effort to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken in this July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti," she said.
    
Jayalalithaa also questioned why DMK, then a part of the Congress-led UPA, remained silent, though it opposed the move now. She said her party's stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
 
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as 'Zone C', should only be in English, as mandates later.
 
"Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu," she said.
 
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English "is not only unacceptable, but also against the law," she said.
  
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
 
"I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them," she said.
This is the third major controversy over language since the new government came to power. Earlier Tamil Nadu parties had opposed directives asking central government employees to use Hindi while posting tweets or messages on social media, and on the observance of Teachers’ Day as Guru Utsav.

Gangnam plot sold in record Korean dealHyundai shares slide on $10bn HQ purchase
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8162b5a-3ef7-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Surges Over 400 Points  Regains 27 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Sharply Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)
(Read: US Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge )
The Sensex jumped as much as 500 points (1.9 per cent) at its day's high and regained the key 27,000 peak. The 50-share Nifty also regained 8,100 by rising 1.75 per cent. The gains were stronger in the broader markets with BSE smallcap index surging nearly 2.7 per cent. ( Track stocks )
Analysts expect the US central bank to raise short-term rates only in the middle of 2015 even though it will end its monthly bond purchases in October 2014. This is good news for emerging markets, including India, which has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of Fed's easy money policy.
Overseas investors have so far this year invested close to $30 billion in Indian debt and stocks markets. This has fuelled a record-setting rally in Indian stocks and supported the rupee.
Fed's decision also pushed the Dow Jones Average to its 16th record high this year. Low rates have been a boon to the market by helping stimulate the economy and making stocks more attractive compared with bonds.
Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy and advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher, attributed today's gains to a relief rally after the Fed reaffirmed its dovish stance. There was some sense of fear and trepidation in the markets ahead of the Fed's meeting and now the fears of sudden outflows from emerging markets have abated, he said.
All the sectoral indices on the BSE were higher today with strong buying seen particularly in realty, oil & gas and capital goods stocks. Cyclical stocks had seen some pressure ahead of the Fed meeting as investors shifted to defensives such as IT and pharma and now with the Fed event out of the way buying is back in the cyclicals, Mr Bodke added.
Among top Nifty gainers, Hero MotoCorp surged 5.8 per cent while Tata Motors, L&T, DLF, Dr Reddy's Lab, and HDFC rose over 3 per cent.
The Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27,112 while Nifty ended at 8,114, up 139 points.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Zyden Gentec s board meeting on Sept 27  2014Sep 18, 2014, 02.14 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zyden Gentec's board meeting on Sept 27, 2014
Zyden Gentec has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014 to consider and approve to diversify and carry on business of infra and allied Activities.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zyden Gentec's board meeting on Sept 27, 2014
Zyden Gentec has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014 to consider and approve to diversify and carry on business of infra and allied Activities.
Post your opinion here
 
Zyden Gentec Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014 (after conclusion of 20th Annual General-Meeting), inter alia, to transact the following business:1. To consider and approve to diversify and carry on business of infra and allied Activities.2. To consider and approve the acquisition of existing Companies carrying on the business of infra, telecom and allied activities.Source : BSE

Xi Jinping inks 12 pacts with Narendra ModiXi Jinping inks 12 pacts with Narendra Modi
Sensex gains more than 450 points; Nifty hits 8 100Hi Guest
Markets welcome Fed decision; Sensex gains 480 points
Markets extended gains for the second consecutive trading session and closed on a spectacular note after the US Federal Reserve decided to keep US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time”. Further, Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to invest $20 billion in India in the next five years. The two sides signed 12 agreements, including a 5-year commerce and trade pact. Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges on Wednesday showed that foreign portfolio ...

Sensex reclaims 27 000Sensex reclaims 27 000
Why Obama s campaign against the Islamic State is messyWhy Obama s campaign against the Islamic State is messy
Border standoff clouds Xi Jinping s visitBorder standoff clouds Xi Jinping s visit
Sreedharan inspects Metro alignmentSreedharan inspects Metro alignment
Business delegation from Gujarat visits AustraliaBusiness delegation from Gujarat visits Australia
A historic opportunityUpdated: September 18, 2014 08:36 IST
A historic opportunity
India-China
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in India under extraordinary circumstances, when the political and economic dimensions of the international system are undergoing a profound transformation. There are distinct indicators that the era of a unipolar world, led by the United States following the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union, is giving way to multipolarity, anchored also by countries that are part of the Brazil-Russia-India-China-South Africa (BRICS) grouping and the G-20. Both President Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi are fully aware of the larger geopolitical context, where emerging powers have a first-rate chance of reshaping the global political and economic architecture in more equitable terms. The two had worked closely during the BRICS summit in Brazil; their “chemistry” playing its part in pragmatic negotiations that resulted in the formation of the BRICS Bank.
Hemmed in by the Pivot to Asia led by Washington and its allies, including Japan, Australia and the Philippines, to contain the perceived rise of an aggressive China, Beijing has responded with its bold home-grown riposte — the Silk Road initiatives, that include the proposal to form the Maritime Silk Road (MSR). The Chinese are bending over backwards to assign a benign role to the MSR based on trade and investment as well as physical and cyber-connectivity among a large number of countries belonging to the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) and South Asia, including India, Sri Lanka and the Maldives. India has already supported China’s initiative on the formation of the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar (BCIM) corridor, but would have to take a call on the MSR, at a time when China’s detractors are slamming Beijing for its alleged India-containment strategy, borrowing from the “string of pearls” theory. With its enhanced strategic autonomy, New Delhi is now well-placed to positively and deeply engage with China with confidence on a bilateral platform or within the larger collective folds of the MSR initiative and the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO). As President Xi arrives, Mr. Modi has a rare chance to seize the moment by stating India’s political intent of solving the border row between the two countries, beginning with solid and measurable steps to clarify the Line of Actual Control, and to root out distracting and headline-grabbing border incidents. With the two countries accounting for a collective population of 2.5 billion, Sino-Indian cooperation is based on hard-headed realism and goodwill. It can have a major impact on shifting the global balance of power, as well as on the realisation of an “Asian century” visualised ahead of Independence by Jawaharlal Nehru, during the historic Asian Relations Conference.

Indian-Chinese companies sign 24 MoUs worth $3.4 billionComments
India and China business received a $3.4 billion boost, with companies from both countries on Wednesday signing 24 contracts for supply of equipment and service. The memorandum of understanding (MoU) were signed in areas of aircraft leasing and financing, telecom, chemicals, wind power components, cotton yarn and fabric, synthetic fibre and seafood.
The MoUs were signed at the conclusion of the India-China Business Meeting organized by industry chamber Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI). The agreement for increased business tie ups has received support from Chinese President, Xi Jinping who is currently in India and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The MoU’s were signed in presence of officials from the department of commerce and Industry and from their counterparts in China. Sanjeet Singh, Director, Ministry of Commerce and Industry and  Ren Feng, First Secretary, Department of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce, Peoples Republic of China;  Wang Hejun, Economic & Commercial Counselor, Embassy of China and A Didar Singh from FICCI attended the event.
Another MoU between Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb), the nodal agency of Government of Gujarat for investment promotion, and China Development Bank, under which iNDEXT was signed in Ahemadabad that will assist Chinese investors in obtaining required clearances and creating infrastructure facilities in the industrial parks.

Jet Airlines Seeks More Time to Pay Pilots  Salary Arrears: ReportApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: Jet Airways' management has assured its pilots of legal help to deal with notices to them from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), even as it sought more time to pay salary arrears worth Rs 100 crore, sources here said on Wednesday.
The assurance to pilots came after a meeting between the two sides at the airline's headquarters in Mumbai on Wednesday, airline sources told PTI.
"At the meeting, we requested the management to support us on various notices served to our colleagues by the aviation regulator. The management responded positively to our request," they said.
The management also said that it would "reconsider" internal warning letters to a dozen odd pilots, which were served to them for various counts in the recent past, sources added.
Earlier this month, aviation regulator DGCA had cracked down on nearly 140 Jet Airways pilots for continuing to fly without clearing mandatory bi-annual exams and issued show-cause notices to the airline, questioning its pilot training programme.
Notices were issued to pilots, as also Jet Airways' chief operating officer and training chief, on the basis of an audit of its training programme by a three-member DGCA team.
The meeting, which lasted for nearly six hours, was attended by the Jet Airways Group chief executive Hameed Ali, chief executive (designate) Cramer Ball, senior vice president for flight operations Nikihil Ved and senior vice president for HR Samar Srivastava from the management side, while five members from the National Aviators' Guild represented the pilots.
Sources also said that the management sought more time to clear salary arrears of pilots amounting to Rs 100 crore, since it is working on modalities of the payout.
"The management said that it will pay the arrears but needs some more time to work out modalities," they added.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 21:54 (IST)

Sensex rebounds over 138 points on hopes Fed will retain low ratesSensex rebounds over 138 points on hopes Fed will retain low rates
PTI  Mumbai, September 17, 2014
First Published: 10:09 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:12 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Snapping a two-day downtrend, the benchmark Sensex Wednesday rose over 138 points on the back of gains in IT, power and auto scrips amid positive global sentiments on hopes Fed would keep interest rates low for now.
The 30-share BSE barometer closed at 26,631.29 points, up by 138.78 points, or 0.52% over last close after rising to 26,682.64 intra-day.
In the previous two sessions, the index lost 568.53 points as foreign funds and retail investors pulled off cash off the table on fears the Fed will bring forward its timetable for hiking rates as the economy picks up speed.
The 50-share NSE Nifty also rose by 42.60 points, or 0.54% to 7,975.50, ending two straights days of decline.
Global markets in Asia and Europe also rose on speculation China will give its banks some fresh loans.
"Speculation that Fed would maintain its interest rates low and boost growth for now and that China's central bank will provide the country?s big banks with fresh loans? keep markets and commodities markets globally upbeat," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Stocks of IT companies that get more than 60% of their revenue from the US led rebound on the bourses as buying intensified.
Infosys rose 2.29%, TCS gained 1.31% and Wipro was up 1.41%.
Dr Reddys surged 2.52%, logging the best gains among 30 constituents of Sensex.
Other gainers which supported the BSE index were Tata Power, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Hero MotoCorp, ITC, L&T and RIL.
On the other hand, 10 Sensex stocks ended down led by Cipla and Coal India.
With the improvement in the market's scenario, the mid cap and small cap indices also turned active with buying seen in several of its constituents. Midcap index was up 0.25 per cent and Smallcap rose 0.31%.
Sectorwise, IT index outshined other sectors. The BSE IT sector index gained the most by rising 1.52%, followed by Power sector index (up 1.35%), Teck index (1.26%), Auto index (1.02%), Capital Goods index (0.81%) and Realty index (0.51%). FMCG index (0.26%), Healthcare index (0.28%) and Oil & Gas index (0.21%) and Metal index (0.27%) also gained moderately.

Buy Maruti Suzuki  Sell M&M Today: Sanjeev BhasinSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Indian stock markets are likely to consolidate after the US Federal Reserve said its low interest regime will continue in near term. The US central bank retained language that it plans to keep short-term rates at a record low for "a considerable time" after it ends its monthly bond purchases in November.
Many investors interpret that to mean the first hike won't come until the middle of next year. This is good news for Indian stock markets, which have seen a record-setting rally on the back of huge foreign inflows.
Locally, markets have witnessed higher-than-expected volatility, which has hit high beta stocks.
Trading calls,
1) Buy Maruti Suzuki: 2970-2995, stop loss 2900, target 3150 (Maruti is also set to gain from a weaker yen. The US dollar has hit a six-year high against the yen)
2) Sell M&M: 1380-1390, stop loss 1414, target 1320
Also carry/accumulate previous calls,
Buy PFC: 240-243, 1 month target 265
Buy REC: 260-263, 1 month target 285.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 08:35 (IST)

Widows from other states shouldnt crowd Mathura  says local MP Hema MaliniHema Malini is the BJP MP from Mathura
Press Trust of India | Mathura | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:32 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:15 am
ACTOR-TURNED-POLITICIAN Hema Malini has stoked a controversy with her remarks that widows from Bengal and Bihar should not crowd Vrindavan, the holy city in Uttar Pradesh and home to thousands of destitute women.
“If they (widows) are not from here then there is no need for them to come here from other states. There are many famous temples in Bengal and Bihar too,” where they can stay, the 65-year-old Lok Sabha BJP MP said.
On a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, of which Vrindavan is a part, she said there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan and there was no room to accommodate more. “There are 40,000 widows in Vrindavan. I think there is no more place in the city. A large population is coming from Bengal… that’s not right. Why don’t they stay in Bengal? There are nice temples there. The same is true for those from Bihar,” she said.
The responsibility of looking after widows should be of states from where they hail, she said. Malini, who won the Lok Sabha seat from Mathura in the recent elections with a big margin, said she would speak to West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and others on the issue.
 
Her aide says remarks misconstrued
NEW DELHI: An aide of Hema Malini Wednesday denied she made the statements on Vrindavan widows. Speaking to The Indian Express, the MP’s close aide Pranik said her comments had been “misconstrued” and “blown out of proportion” by the media. “Madam did not say anything controversial. She had gone to visit shelter homes for widows and asked the authorities why these women have to beg when they are already getting food and shelter. The living conditions and uplift of widows is an issue very close to Hemaji so how can she say such things? This is their city. They can come here from anywhere — be it West Bengal or Bihar or any other place,” Pranik said.     ENS

Emotions mount on final day of Scottish campaignA person walks by a message left by a member of the Yes campaign written on a pavement, in Edinburgh, Scotland, Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburg | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:22 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:35 am
For Scots, Wednesday was a day of excitement, apprehension, and a flood of final appeals before a big decision. In a matter of hours, they will determine whether Scotland leaves the United Kingdom and becomes an independent state.
A full 97 per cent of those eligible have registered to vote — including, for the first time, 16- and 17-year-olds — in a referendum that polls suggest is too close to call.
A phone poll of 1,373 people by Ipsos MORI, released Wednesday, put opposition to independence at 51 per cent and support at 49 per cent, with 5 per cent of voters undecided.
That means neither side can feel confident, given the margin of error of about plus or minus three percentage points.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, himself a Scot, told a No campaign rally that the quiet majority of pro-Union Scots “will be silent no more,” while pro-independence leader Alex Salmond urged voters to seize a democratic opportunity 307 years in the making.
In its final hours, the battle for Scotland had all the trappings of a normal election campaign: “Yes Scotland” and “No, Thanks” posters in windows, buttons on jackets, leaflets on street corners and megaphone-topped campaign cars cruising the streets blasting out Scottish songs and “Children of the Revolution.”
But it is, both sides acknowledge, a once-in-a-generation — maybe once-in-a-lifetime — choice that could redraw the map of the United Kingdom.
The gravity of the imminent decision was hitting home for many voters as political leaders made passionate, final pleas for their sides. More than 4.2 million people are registered to vote in the country of 5.3 million people.
Cathy Chance, who works for Britain’s National Health Service in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh, said she would leave Scotland if it became independent.
“I don’t want to live under a nation that’s nationalistic,” she said. “I don’t think the world needs another political barrier.”
On the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren said she was finally letting herself believe independence might be possible.
“My family has campaigned for independence for a long, long time, and it’s always been a pipe dream,” the Edinburgh University student said as she knocked on doors in a last-minute effort to convert wavering electors. “Just in the last few days it’s seemed possible, within reach. I can almost taste it.”
Politicians on both sides expressed confidence in the Scottish public, but uncertainty rippled below the surface.
Opinion polls have failed to put either side decisively ahead. Bookmakers, however, told a different story. A winning 1 continued…

Moto G 2014 review: A good upgrade  remains best phone you can buy under Rs 13KE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Amazon unveils new Fire tablets and Kindle e-readersprint
Amazon.com on Wednesday expanded its array of tablets and Kindle e-readers, capping its line-up with a new flagship Fire HDX model boasting 'stunning' display and Dolby Atmos sound.
"The team has packed an incredible amount of technology and innovation into the new Fire HDX...and it's still startlingly light," Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos said in a release.
Bezos boasted that Fire HDX combines "best-in-class hardware with exclusive features and services."
The tablet started at $379 and could be ordered at Amazon.com, with shipping of each of its freshly-unveiled new devices slated to begin in October.
New Amazon Kindle Fire 7HD's are displayed during a launch event in New York. Photo: Reuters/Brendan McDermid
Amazon also introduced new Fire HD tablets with 6- or 7-inch screens with starting prices of $99 and $139 respectively.
"Fire HD is the most powerful tablet under $100,"  Bezos said, noting that it is synched to the vast trove of digital content and services at Amazon.com.
The Seattle-based Internet titan also unveiled a version of the high-definition Fire tablet designed specially for children with perks such as a year of unlimited access to thousands of book, films, and games as well as free replacement if broken within two years of purchase.
A new Kindle Voyage billed as the thinnest, most advanced version to date of the popular e-reader was priced at $199, and an improved basic Kindle model was introduced with a $79 price.
New Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Tablets are displayed during a launch event in New York. Photo: Reuters/Brendan McDermid
"Our mission with Kindle is to make the device disappear, so you can lose yourself in the author's world," Bezos said.
"Kindle Voyage is crafted from the ground up for readers."
The new offerings from Amazon.com came on the same day of reports that Apple is planning to showcase new iPads at an event in October.

Gujarat hopes to boost trade ties with China post Xi s visitGujarat hopes to boost trade ties with China post Xi's visit
PTI     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 12:15 IST
China's President Xi Jinping (C) holds an umbrella as he watches folk artists perform while visiting the Sabarmati river front along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi (2nd L) in Ahmedabad (Photo: Reuters)
After the signing of three pacts during the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping in Ahemadabad, the Gujarat government hopes that trade ties between the state and China will get a shot in the arm.
"Chinese companies have invested Rs 700 crore in the state so far, but with the signing of this pact to establish industrial parks in the state, we believe that their investment will increase," Additional Chief Secretary Industry DJ Pandian said.
"The Chinese have shown interest in establishing three to four industrial parks here. One has been finalised near Karjan in Vadodara in Gujarat," Pandian said, giving details of MoUs (Memorandum of Understanding) signed between the China Development Bank (CDB) and iNDEXTb (Industrial Extension Bureau).
Chinese investors plan to set up manufacturing units in electrical, electronics, plastic as well as other sectors in these industrial parks and CDB would help Chinese companies set up units in the Gujarat capital by funding their projects as very nominal rates, Pandian said.
"This will help promote domestic industry, as local companies will have the opportunity to become suppliers to Chinese manufacturing units. It will also encourage adoption of new technology by local firms and reduce imports," Pandian said.
However, the official said that at this time it is not possible to estimate the figure of likely Chinese investment in Gujarat.

UBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive  stock risesUBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive, stock closes 2.28% higher
Indulal PM        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global financial services firm UBS has upgraded Colgate-Palmolive India to "buy" from "neutral", raising the target price to Rs 1,950 from Rs 1,800.
Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 1.6 per cent in early trade on Thursday. It closed 2.28 per cent higher on the BSE.
UBS said it is "positive about the brand" as urban consumers buy oral care products. It added that Colgate-Palmolive "has been ahead of the competition in the last one to two years."
The recent upgrade of Colgate-Palmolive India comes after Credit Suisse raised its outlook on the stock to "outperform" from "underperform".
(Reuters)

Alliance with Shiv Sena not at cost of self-respect  says BJP president AmitShahPress Trust of India | Kolhapur | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:43 pm
With no clarity yet on seat sharing with old ally Shiv Sena, BJP president Amit Shah on Thursday told the alliance partner to find a quick resolution to the impasse while making it clear that there will be no compromise at the cost of self-respect.
Shah said the ‘Mahayuti’ (grand alliance) needs to stand strong and united to overthrow the 15-year-old Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra, in the upcoming assembly elections.
“Friends, BJP government is going to be formed this time in Maharashtra,” Shah said, addressing a meeting of party workers at the airport here, after flying in from Mumbai.
“In the flight today (from Mumbai to Kolhapur), I was telling the state BJP leaders Devendra Fadnavis and Vinod Tawde to resolve the alliance issue quickly. They said they were trying their best but were not getting response (from Sena),” he said.
“I want to appeal to both the parties: BJP has taken two steps ahead, the other people (read Sena) should also move two steps forward and resolve the alliance issue and begin the movement for transformation of Maharashtra,” Shah said.
“But the BJP worker wants resolution (to the alliance seat sharing tangle) with self-respect. There cannot be resolution at the cost of self-respect,” he said.
“If the alliance is to be formed, I want to tell both the sides — my party leaders are sitting here and also to Shiv Sena friends — to find a resolution quickly, ensuring that self-respect of both (sides) is protected. This is very essential for transformation (of Maharashtra),” the BJP leader
said.
Shah asked people to “uproot the scam-ridden Congress-NCP” government in Maharashtra to ensure the state’s return to pride and progress.
Congress and NCP have “destroyed” the state during their 15-year regime in the state, Shah said, adding, “If proper investigation is undertaken, all leaders in the state government will go to jail.
“NCP president Sharad Pawar commercialised politics like no other leader in the country. Ajit Pawar (deputy CM) was involved in scams. There were scams after scams in the state,” he alleged.
Shah, who arrived here this morning to a rousing welcome by party workers from Kolhapur and Sangli districts, interacted with them for a while before proceeding to seek blessings at the Karveer Nivasini Mahalaxmi temple here.
The BJP leader is scheduled to kick-start the state poll campaign in Pune this evening in a mega programme, which is likely to see huge participation from party workers and all assembly poll aspirants on the lines of ‘Virat Vijay Sankalp’ yojana. It had been flagged off by him in Haryana last month.

Need to clarify LAC  concerned over situation on border  Modi tells Chinese PresidentXiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping at the agreement signing ceremony at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 11:41 am
Amid reports of incidents along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), the border issue took centrestage at the meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday. Significantly, as Modi sought clear “clarification” on the LAC, Xi assured that Beijing has the “determination” to work with New Delhi through “friendly consultation” to settle the dispute at an early date.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Modi said, “I also suggested that clarification of LAC would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC.”
ALSO READ:  Face-off between Indian and Chinese armies along LAC continues as Modi meets Jinping in New Delhi
Responding to Modi’s “serious concerns” on the incidents along the LAC, Xi said the two sides are “fully capable” of acting promptly and effectively so that such incidents “do not have a large impact on the bilateral relationship”.
Modi is learnt to have raised the issue during their dinner meeting in Ahmedabad on Wednesday, and reiterated New Delhi’s concerns at the bilateral meeting on Thursday.
“I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border. We agreed that peace and tranquility in the border region constitute an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence, and for realising the full potential of our relationship. This is an important understanding which should be strictly observed… We should also seek an early settlement to the boundary question,” said Modi.
ALSO READ:  Building on Atal, Modi to move on China border talks 
“The boundary question is an issue left from history. Over many years, the two sides have made steady and positive progress in boundary negotiations through friendly consultations. China and India have maintained peace and tranquility in the border areas. China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date. We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,” said Xi.
He added that the two sides agreed to be “respectful and sensitive” to each other’s concerns and “appropriately” handle the outstanding issues with a “positive attitude”.
“Yet, since the border is yet to demarcated, sometimes there may be certain incidents. But the two sides are fully capable of acting promptly, to effectively manage the situation through various levels of border-related mechanisms so that such incidents do not have a large impact on the bilateral relationship,” he said.
Agreeing that leaders of the two countries should provide “strategic direction” and maintain high-level visits and contacts, Xi invited Modi to visit China early next year.
While Modi said he also discussed India’s concerns regarding China’s visa policy and trans border rivers, and expressed confidence that an early resolution would take mutual trust to a new level, Xi said, “China and India are important neighbours to each other. There are certain other outstanding issues between the two countries. The two sides should work actively and seriously to address and handle them in the sincerity of seeking amicable relations with each other.”
Apart from these outstanding issues, China also made a commitment to invest about $20 billion in India over the next five years. While this is much lower than the Japanese commitment of $35 billion in five years, Modi said, “This opens a new chapter in our economic relations. I welcome our five-year economic and trade development plan as an important new step to pursue higher ambitions in our economic relations.”
On the civil nuclear cooperation, Modi said, “We will begin the process of discussions on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster our broader cooperation on energy security.”
India finally seemed to be warming up to the proposed Bangladesh, China, India and Myanmar (BCIM) economic corridor mooted by Beijing some years ago. Modi said they discussed “regional connectivity” and the BCIM proposal. “Located at the crossroads of Asia, India believes that reconnecting Asia is important for its collective prosperity. I also believe that our efforts to rebuild physical connectivity in the region would also require a peaceful, stable and cooperative environment.”
I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border, said PM Modi.

Triumph Motorcycles launches 1699 cc cruiser ThunderbirdLTPrint
The Triumph LT produces 94PS at 5400 rpm with 151 Nm of torque at a low rpm of 3550rpm. (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Written by Abhimanyu Chakravorty | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:34 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 11:48 pm
Triumph Motorcycles India launched the 1699 cc cruiser Thunderbird LT in India priced at Rs 15.75 lakh ex-showroom Delhi. The Thunderbird LT will join the Thunderbird Storm Rocket III Roadster in the cruiser line up.
The Triumph LT produces 94PS at 5400 rpm with 151 Nm of torque at a low rpm of 3550rpm. This bike comes with tires with white sidewalls that’s a first for bikes.
Triumph Motorcycles Managing Director Vimal Sumbly said, “We are here for the long term. India is going to be our focus because the industry and infrastructure is growing because of the new government. We are targeting a 15 per cent market share this year over 500 cc.”
He further added that Triumph will look to target 1500 units this financial year and focus more on markets in tier-2 cities such as Indore and Jaipur. They will also focus on accessories because according to Sumbly, people in this segment look a lot at safety. “On an average people in this segment spend Rs 50, 000 to a lakh only on accessories so that will clearly be a focus point.”
“We are totally for the made-in-India concept because we have the capability to manufacture such bikes,” adds Sumbly.
As for dealerships, Kolkata and Chandigarh will open in October end, taking the number of dealerships to 10 in India overall. Triumph will also open a new dealership in Nepal next year.

Xi pledges greater market access for Indian businessXi pledges greater market access for domestic business in China
Agencies     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:27 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi presents a bouquet to China's President Xi Jinping (L) before their meeting in Ahemedabad (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said he has been assured by Chinese President Xi Jinping that Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - will be given greater access to Chinese markets, in a bid to bridge the yawning trade deficit between the two countries.
"I raised the issue of trade imbalance between the two countries. I urged President Xi to give our companies better market access and investment opportunities in China," Modi said after his bilateral talks in the national capital with the Chinese side.
"The Chinese President assured that he will take concrete steps in this regard."
Bilateral merchandise trade between India and China stood at $65.88 billion in 2013. While the country's exports to China were valued at $14.50 billion, its imports were much larger at $51.37 billion, resulting in a large trade deficit.
The prime minister, while delivering his statement before the media after the talks at Hyderabad House in the national capital, said India and China have much scope to increase economic cooperation, as it was way below the potential.
Modi said he was pleased with the signing of agreements between the two sides for two Chinese industrial parks in the country and Beijing's commitment to invest around $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"I invited Chinese investments in infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. I am glad that two Chinese industrial parks will be built in India."

16 more Naxals surrender in Chhattisgarh; 220 lay down arms thisyearPrint
Press Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:21 pm
The outlawed Maoist movement in Bastar region continued to lose its lower rung cadres as 16 ultras surrendered in south Chhattisgarh, police said on Thursday
With this, the total number of rebels laying down their arms this year has gone up to 220 in the insurgency-hit state, a senior police official said.
Fourteen ultras, belonging to Kerlapal area committee of the banned CPI (Maoist) turned themselves in at the headquarters of 2nd battalion of Central Reserve Police Force in Sukma district last evening, battalion Commandant VVN Prasanna told PTI.
Of the surrendered, Kawasi Bandi (25), Jitender (19), Musaki Hidma (35), Bhima (25), Soma (44), Madkam Deva (35) and
Sodi Singan (28) were working as LOS (local operation squad) and sangham members in Kerlapal area and the others as village level members in the same region, he said.
The rebels cited disappointment with the movement, exploitation of lower rank and women rebels and the atrocities of senior Naxal leaders from Andhra Pradesh as the reasons for their surrender, he said.
The Naxals alleged that senior leaders forced and threatened them to join the movement, which has now diverted from its ideology, Prasanna said.
Meanwhile, two Naxals, including a minor girl, surrendered in Bijpaur district last evening. Sarita alias Swarupa Kudiyam (17), a member of Awapalli LOS (local operation squad) and Munna Padam (23), a militia member under Ganagloor area committee of Maoists, surrendered before Bijapur Collector Md Abdul Qaisar Haque and SP KL Dhruv, police said.
As many as 220 cadres have surrendered this year in the state and most of them are lower rung recruits, who were persuaded by their families and police to join the mainstream, a police officer said.

Hema Malini clarifies her controversial Vrindavan widows remark  wants families to take care of oldparentsBJP MP from Mathura Hema Malini at a function on women empowerment in Mathura on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:22 pm
A day after actor-turned-politician Hema Malini made a controversial statement over widows during a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, she took on social media on Thursday to clarify her statement.
Hema Malini has now tweeted saying that no one listened to her actual interview where she personally talked to some widows and found out that they have been abondoned by their families. ” I think none of you have listened to my actual interview. I personally found out that there are about 5000 widows in Vrindavan. Spoke to some.” she tweeted.
On a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, of which Vrindavan is a part, she said there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan and there was no room to accommodate more. “If they (widows) are not from here then there is no need for them to come here from other states. There are many famous temples in Bengal and Bihar too,” where they can stay, the 65-year-old Lok Sabha BJP MP said.
I thk none of u have listened to my actual interview. I personally found out tht there are abt 5000 widows in Vrindavan. Spoke to some.
— Hema Malini (@dreamgirlhema) September 18, 2014
The Lok Sabha BJP MP also said that younger ones have exploited and abandoned the fate of widows who are put on trains to Vrindanvan with no money. “Most have been abandoned by family & put on trains to Vrindavan without any money. While some of them find jobs as maids,many take to begging,” her tweet says.
Most have been abandoned by family & put on trains to Vrindavan without any money.While some of them find jobs as maids,many take to begging — Hema Malini (@dreamgirlhema) September 18, 2014
“I only want to say that sons should not throw their mothers out but arrange to take care of them & provide for them.This awareness is lacking.” she said in her tweet.
I only want to say tht sons shd not throw their mothers out but arrange to take care of thm & provide for thm.Ths awareness is lacking.
— Hema Malini (@dreamgirlhema) September 18, 2014
“Please tell me if I am wrong in saying thatt sons & daughters cannot discard their duty & cannot bundle them onto a train & forget about them.” another tweet says.
Pls tell me if I am wrong in saying tht sons & daughters cannot discard their duty & cannot bundle thm onto a train & forget abt thm. — Hema Malini (@dreamgirlhema) September 18, 2014
She further expressed her disappointment over the sad state of affairs where no respect is shown to continued…

Sino-India border issues can be solved through talks only  says DalaiLamaDalai Lama also said good Sino-Indian relations based on mutual trust will benefit not just Asia but the whole world.(Source: Express Photo by Swati Chandra)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:23 pm
Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama on Thursday linked India’s border issues with China to “Tibetan problem” and said a solution can come only through talks and not by force.
The comments came on a day when Chinese President XiJinping held bilateral talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi even as Chinese and Indian armies are in a standoff at Chumarvillage, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, along the Line of Actual Control.
Stressing that Tibetan issue was also India’s problem, Dalai Lama said Xi is “more realistic and open minded” and should learn from India when its comes to harmony between people from various regions.
“Actually Tibetan problem is also India’s problem. Before 1950, you see that the whole northern border was peaceful. No single soldier. So Tibetan problem is India’s problem,” he said.
He further added that “sooner or later”, one has to solve these problems. “Not by force but by understanding and talks. Understanding comes through talks.”
Noting that India and China are the most populated nations, he said difference is that India is the most populated democratic country and very stable.
“You see there is East India, South India, West India, North India, different language, different scripts but very harmonious,” Dalai Lama said.
He said India has more open minded people and an approach which is more realistic. Xi can indeed learn “some experiences” from India on this front, he said.
“I think the difference in Xi Jinping’s thinking is that he is more realistic, more open minded. So he can learn more things from India,” the Tibetan spiritual guru said, adding, Sino-India relations should be based on mutual trust which is very essential.
Dalai Lama also said good Sino-Indian relations based on mutual trust will benefit not just Asia but the whole world.
“Sino-Indian relations (build) on the basis of mutual trust are very important. Not only the whole of Asia, but the entire world can benefit from their (good) relations. Harmony can be brought by trust and not fear. “I have faith in the new leadership. He (Xi) is open-minded and his way of working is quite realistic,” the 79-year-old Buddhist monk said while addressing a gathering here to mark the 108th Foundation Day of Indian Merchants’ Chamber and its ladies’ wing.
He said Xi should take lessons from “strong” Indian democratic practices and the “one-ness” in diversity.
“India is a vast country with a huge population. Different parts of the country speak different languages, yet there is a sense of one-ness among Indians. Democracy is practised strongly in the country and there is a continued…

16 more Naxals surrender in Chhattisgarh; 220 lay down arms this yearPrint
Press Trust of India | Raipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:21 pm
The outlawed Maoist movement in Bastar region continued to lose its lower rung cadres as 16 ultras surrendered in south Chhattisgarh, police said on Thursday
With this, the total number of rebels laying down their arms this year has gone up to 220 in the insurgency-hit state, a senior police official said.
Fourteen ultras, belonging to Kerlapal area committee of the banned CPI (Maoist) turned themselves in at the headquarters of 2nd battalion of Central Reserve Police Force in Sukma district last evening, battalion Commandant VVN Prasanna told PTI.
Of the surrendered, Kawasi Bandi (25), Jitender (19), Musaki Hidma (35), Bhima (25), Soma (44), Madkam Deva (35) and
Sodi Singan (28) were working as LOS (local operation squad) and sangham members in Kerlapal area and the others as village level members in the same region, he said.
The rebels cited disappointment with the movement, exploitation of lower rank and women rebels and the atrocities of senior Naxal leaders from Andhra Pradesh as the reasons for their surrender, he said.
The Naxals alleged that senior leaders forced and threatened them to join the movement, which has now diverted from its ideology, Prasanna said.
Meanwhile, two Naxals, including a minor girl, surrendered in Bijpaur district last evening. Sarita alias Swarupa Kudiyam (17), a member of Awapalli LOS (local operation squad) and Munna Padam (23), a militia member under Ganagloor area committee of Maoists, surrendered before Bijapur Collector Md Abdul Qaisar Haque and SP KL Dhruv, police said.
As many as 220 cadres have surrendered this year in the state and most of them are lower rung recruits, who were persuaded by their families and police to join the mainstream, a police officer said.

Maruti voting to allow Suzuki to own Guj pla...Maruti voting to allow Suzuki to own Gujarat plant likely in November
By PTI | 18 Sep, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Received 6,000 bookings so far for Ciaz: Maruti
Received 6,000 bookings so far for Ciaz: Maruti
"It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R C Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference on Public Affairs here.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India today said voting by minority shareholders over its move to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in Gujarat plant will likely happen in November instead of October as earlier envisaged.
"It is a long procedure and we have not been able to put all the things in place. So we won't be able to do it in October. It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R C Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference on Public Affairs here.
Earlier, at an Assocham conference, when asked about the shareholders nod in this regard Bhargava said: "We have not finalised that. October will not be possible. Time is not adequate for that".
In March, under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals for the controversial Gujarat plant.
The company needs 3/4th of the minority shareholders, who hold 44 per cent stake, to approve the proposal through a special resolution.
Responding to a question on resignation of Mayank Pareek at the Assocham event, the chief operating officer (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL), Bhargava said: "I am not sure why it is such a newsworthy story because senior colleagues have been leaving the company all the time... This is part of the way what happens in all companies".
Regarding the impact of Pareek's resignation on Maruti's shareholders, Bhargava said: "I think Maruti is not a company which is run by individuals. It is a company which is run by systems and processes.
"It certainly would be incorrect to believe that shareholders invest because of persons. I think they invest because of what a company is and how it is run and what the systems are".
When asked on Pareek's replacement, Bhargava said: "I am sure the management will be looking for a replacement. I am not in the management.
On Pareek's new assignment, he said: I don't know where Mr Pareek is going he has not told us about his new job"
Maruti Suzuki India's marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek yesterday quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the country's largest carmaker.
Meanwhile, Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete who was also present at the Assocham event, assured his government's full support to the automotive industry and asked the sector to take advantage of Japan's technological expertise, especially in view of stronger Indo-Japan relations after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to that country.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Scottish vote on independence starts | FactsScotland votes in independence referendum to seal the United Kingdom's fate
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.29PM IST
"Scotland's future must be in Scotland's hands," Salmond said in Perth, a city in eastern Scotland 460 miles (740 km) north of London.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scots began voting in an independence referendum on Thursday that will decide the fate of the United Kingdom , after opinion polls showed hundreds of thousands of them were still agonizing over whether to stay with the 307-year union or back secession.
In the final hours before polling stations opened, leaders of both sides urged Scots to seize the reins of history in a vote that has divided families, friends and lovers but also electrified this country of 5.3 million.
From the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the toughest city estates of Glasgow, voters are being asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
"This is an historic day for Scotland. I've waited all my life for this. It's time to break with England. 'Yes' to independence," said a businessman who gave his name as Ron and was the first person to vote at Edinburgh's Waverley Court.
As he spoke, a couple of workers hurrying by in the morning mist and drizzle shouted "Vote No!"
Five surveys - from pollsters YouGov, Panelbase, Survation, Opinium and ICM - showed support for independence at 48 percent, compared with 52 percent for the union.
An Ipsos MORI poll showed it even closer at 49 per cent to 51 per cent, while a second Survation poll, conducted by phone, showed unionists at 53 per cent and separatists at 47 per cent.
Page 1 of 3

Modi  Xi agree to quickly settle border dispute  demarcate LACComments
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday committed to resolve the border dispute with India at an early date to improve peace and cooperation between both countries.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said after summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,"he said.
Since the border is not demarcated there will be certain incidents, Xi said, adding that both sides are capable of effectively managing the situation  through border-related mechanisms so that they do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
Modi in his one-on-one meeting with the visiting Chinese president said India was "seriously concerned" about the repeated incursions along the border.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese president.
The latest incident India was referring to was the  fresh incursion by the Chinese army in Chumar area, even as talks were on between both the leaders.
Watch: Xi gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
As many as 1000 soldiers of  the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA)  reportedly encroached 500 metres into the Chumar area. The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads, Rebos, had pitched their tents is also continuing.
India also expressed concern over China's policy of issuing stapled visas to Indian citizens from Arunachal and at the dispute over trans-border rivers.
President Xi also said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) - a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
 
China promises $20 billion investment
Xi promised to invest $20 billion in infrastructure and manufacturing projects in India over the next 5 years. 12 agreements were signed in the meeting between both leaders including on projects to set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and speeding up the existing rail network in the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore sector.
China also agreed to give Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - greater access to Chinese markets. This will help India reduce the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Both sides pledged to improve people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The year 2015 will be celebrated as a 'Visit India' year in China and 2016 will be celebrated as 'Visit China' year in India.
.
 
Earlier while talking to newspersons after a ceremonial welcome at the Rashtrapati Bhawan President Xi Jinping urged both countries to pursue developmental goals together."For both our countries development is top priority. We share the same developmental goals, same developmental philosphies," he said. 
Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping presented with a model of 'charkha'/ spinning wheel at Rajghat pic.twitter.com/IwYHlSPiIL
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 18, 2014
"We are the two largest developing economies, and two biggest markets. In an increasingly multipolar world our strategic and economic ties are important. Together we can bring prosperity to 2.5 billion people of Asia and opportunities to rest of the world,"he added.
President Xi  spoke to reporters after  a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhawan . Later the Chinese president along with his wife Peng Liyuan, paid tributes at the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat.
(With inputs from Jayanth Jacob in Delhi and agencies)

Sensex Surges Over 500 Points  Regains 27 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Sharply Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)
(Read: US Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge )
The Sensex jumped as much as 500 points (1.9 per cent) at its day's high and regained the key 27,000 peak. The 50-share Nifty also regained 8,100 by rising 1.75 per cent. The gains were stronger in the broader markets with BSE smallcap index surging nearly 2.7 per cent. ( Track stocks )
Analysts expect the US central bank to raise short-term rates only in the middle of 2015 even though it will end its monthly bond purchases in October 2014. This is good news for emerging markets, including India, which has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of Fed's easy money policy.
Overseas investors have so far this year invested close to $30 billion in Indian debt and stocks markets. This has fuelled a record-setting rally in Indian stocks and supported the rupee.
Fed's decision also pushed the Dow Jones Average to its 16th record high this year. Low rates have been a boon to the market by helping stimulate the economy and making stocks more attractive compared with bonds.
Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy and advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher, attributed today's gains to a relief rally after the Fed reaffirmed its dovish stance. There was some sense of fear and trepidation in the markets ahead of the Fed's meeting and now the fears of sudden outflows from emerging markets have abated, he said.
All the sectoral indices on the BSE were higher today with strong buying seen particularly in realty, oil & gas and capital goods stocks. Cyclical stocks had seen some pressure ahead of the Fed meeting as investors shifted to defensives such as IT and pharma and now with the Fed event out of the way buying is back in the cyclicals, Mr Bodke added.
Among top Nifty gainers, Hero MotoCorp surged 5.8 per cent while Tata Motors, L&T, DLF, Dr Reddy's Lab, and HDFC rose over 3 per cent.
The Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27,112 while Nifty ended at 8,114, up 139 points.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Infosys inks deal with China s Huawei for cloud-based projSep 18, 2014, 02.43 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Infosys inks deal with China's Huawei for cloud-based proj
Infosys said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Company to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys inks deal with China's Huawei for cloud-based proj
Infosys said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Company to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
Post your opinion here
 
Infosys said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Company to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
The companies did not say how much the deal was worth. Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys, the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said.
RELATED NEWS

MCX-SX lives to fight another day  but will it surviveSep 18, 2014, 02.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX-SX lives to fight another day, but will it survive?
On Monday, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) granted a one-year extension to India’s newest bourse, MCX-SX, along with riders, but questions would continue over whether it can continue over the long haul.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX-SX lives to fight another day, but will it survive?
On Monday, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) granted a one-year extension to India’s newest bourse, MCX-SX, along with riders, but questions would continue over whether it can continue over the long haul.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
On Monday, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) granted a one-year extension to India’s newest bourse, MCX-SX, along with riders, but questions would continue over whether it can continue over the long haul.
Even when it started, there were already questions whether MCX-SX could replicate in the stock exchange business the success its sibling MCX had secured in the commodity exchange space.
To begin with, the two businesses have been starkly different. MCX, promoted by Financial Technologies, entered a market (then dominated by NCDEX) that was highly-underdeveloped, as a result of which it could quickly introduce new products in the derivatives segment and attract trades.
The stock exchange, however, has long been dominated by the NSE, a former upstart that took on and leapt past the older BSE thanks to its focus on technology and newer products and there was little by way of product differentiation that a new player could introduce to the highly-developed market.
As a result, lower cost (for trading members) was the primary business strategy that MCX-SX had up its sleeve, which it hoped would help it counter the strong network effect that dominant exchanges have with them. (That is, a highly liquid exchange would attract the most future trades, which keeps adding to its strength.)
Thanks to being natural monopolies, the world over, most countries have only one or two dominant exchanges that have established barriers to entry that are very difficult to scale by potential competitors.
But what served as a bigger blow to MCX-SX’s prospects of becoming a major player in the lucrative exchange business was the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL scandal, a former sister company also owned by MCX-SX’s then-promoter Financial Technologies.
In the aftermath of the NSEL scandal that broke out a year ago, volumes on the exchange have dropped to a trickle, with zero transactions being processed for several days at a stretch (it was the case the same day Sebi extended its licence).
While Financial Technologies has stripped of its promoter status at MCX-SX (an order FT has contested), the blow from the former association has already landed.
As a condition to extending its licence, Sebi has asked MCX-SX to present a concrete business plan for its revival.
In order to survive, the bourse, which launched in February 2013 and clocked a loss of Rs 154 crore last year, will have to come up with one soon.
RELATED NEWS

Crisil launches first inflation-linked G-Secs indexSep 18, 2014, 03.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Crisil launches first inflation-linked G-Secs index
The launch comes as part of Crisil's ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the debt market.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crisil launches first inflation-linked G-Secs index
The launch comes as part of Crisil's ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the debt market.
Post your opinion here
 
Largest domestic credit rating agency Crisil Research on Thursday launched the country's first inflation indexed government securities index (Crisil IIGS Index), which will track the performance of a portfolio of inflation-linked government securities.
Crisil believes the index will provide market participants an appropriate and easily accessible benchmark to measure and analyse the performance of such securities, the agency said in a statement.
That apart, this total return index seeks to capture returns on inflation-linked securities due to coupon accruals and price change, both adjusted for inflation.
The launch comes as part of Crisil's ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the debt market. In addition to this index, the agency currently maintains 37 indices across bond, gilts, money market, hybrid and commodity segments, which are used by asset managers for benchmarking their products and portfolios.
Agency president Mukesh Agarwal said: "The launch of the index further endorses the agency's status as a pioneer in debt and hybrid indices in the country. This index is expected to serve both as a benchmark and underlying index for investment products such as index funds.
"Crisil will continue to develop indices that help market participants gauge the performance of different asset classes and make investment decisions in an otherwise shallow debt market,” he said.
Currently, there is one such security, the 1.44 percent inflation indexed government stock 2023 (linked to wholesale price index) issued in June 2013. Such securities provide inflation protection on both principal and coupon (interest) payments.
It may be noted that the agency already provides daily valuation of government securities, including mutual funds for determination of net asset value of funds, to investors.
Senior director for capital markets Sandeep Sabharwal said, "We believe the Crisil IIGS Index will meet the need for an appropriate benchmark index for these funds."
He further noted that since its launch in 2013, the inflation-linked government security has gained some popularity in the mutual funds space. Two inflation-linked funds have already been launched and a few are in the pipeline.
RELATED NEWS

Man Infraconstruction: Outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 03.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Man Infraconstruction: Outcome of AGM
Man Infraconstruction Ltd has informed BSE that the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Man Infraconstruction: Outcome of AGM
Man Infraconstruction Ltd has informed BSE that the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Man Infraconstruction Ltd has informed BSE that the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

CRISIL launches first inflation-linked securities indexLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CRISIL launches first inflation-linked securities index
CRISIL Research, India's largest independent and integrated research house, has announced the launch of Inflation Indexed Government Securities Index (CRISIL IIGS Index), a first for the Indian bond market.
Post your opinion here
 
CRISIL Research's release on IIGS Index launch
CRISIL IIGS Index seeks to track the performance of a portfolio of inflation-linked securities issued by the Government of India. CRISIL believes the index will provide market participants an appropriate and easily accessible benchmark to measure and analyse the performance of such securities.
A Total Return Index, the CRISIL IIGS Index seeks to capture returns on inflation-linked securities due to coupon accruals and price change, both adjusted for inflation. Currently, there is one such security, the 1.44% Inflation Indexed Government Stock 2023 (linked to Wholesale Price Index) issued in June 2013. Such securities provide inflation protection on both principal and coupon (interest) payments. CRISIL already provides daily valuation of such securities to investors including mutual funds for determination of Net Asset Value of funds.
Sandeep Sabharwal, Senior Director, Capital Market, said, "Since its launch in 2013, the inflation-linked government security has gained some popularity in the mutual funds space. Two inflation-linked funds have already been launched and a few are in the pipeline. We believe the CRISIL IIGS Index will meet the need for an appropriate benchmark index for these funds."
The launch comes as part of CRISIL's ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the Indian debt market. In addition to this index, CRISIL currently maintains 37 indices across bond, gilts, money market, hybrid and commodity segments, which are used by asset managers for benchmarking their products and portfolios. All CRISIL indices are public indices with details on index performance and portfolio constituents available on the CRISIL website ( www.crisil.com ) daily.
Mukesh Agarwal, President, CRISIL Research, said, "Launch of the index further endorses CRISIL's status as a pioneer in debt and hybrid indices in India. This index is expected to serve both as a benchmark and underlying index for investment products such as index funds. CRISIL will continue to develop indices that help market participants gauge the performance of different asset classes and make investment decisions in an otherwise shallow debt market."
Disclaimer: CRISIL has taken due care and caution in preparing this Report. Information has been obtained by CRISIL from sources which it considers reliable. However, CRISIL does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information and is not responsible for any errors in transmission or for the results obtained from the use of such information / Report. CRISIL especially states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers/ users/ transmitters/ distributors of this Report.
Source:
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Karan Daswanis Creative ShowcaseClick here to read Karan Daswani’s Creative Showcase (PDF)
Twenty-nine-year-old Karan Daswani heads Fingerprints, a Chennai-based creative hotshop that has been in the advertising business for seven years. It has won accolades both internationally at the One Show and Communication Arts and nationally at the Abbys and Pepper, among others.
Daswani started out as a visual communications major, trained at Rubecon and set up his own agency soon after.
Fingerprints has worked on brands such as Sterling Holidays, CavinKare, Mehta Jewellery, Adroit Urban, AVM, Oriental Cuisines, Crafts Council of India and Taj Resorts and Palaces.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Other battles that made headlinesTweet
Last week, we asked you to add to the list of brand battles which made headlines. Here are some more: Audi vs BMW, Mercedes Benz vs Jaguar, Apple vs Samsung, Avis vs Hertz, Sega vs Nintendo, Miller vs Anheuser Busch, Burger King vs McDonald’s, Verizon vs AT&T, Dominos vs Subway, Surf vs Nirma, Dettol vs Savlon, Surf Excel vs Ariel
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Scorching demand: Which categories were the most sought after in the summerTweet
The heat was on, and how! The demand for split ACs in Q2 of 2014 was five times higher than Q1 of the same year. Refrigerators were in high demand too, up 32 per cent, says a study on summer trends by e-commerce portal Junglee.com. And in a scorchingly hot and fairness-obsessed country such as India, the demand for sun block went up a whopping 260 per cent.
The Q2 taken into account here is April to June 2014, based on the calendar year. Junglee’s data is based on customer page views, which include pages where customers ended up making a purchase as well as page views which did not end up with a transaction
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Sensex  Nifty crash to 7-week low on US rate hike fearsstock exchanges
An earlier-than-anticipated rate hike by Fed could lead to outflows, hurting emerging markets as the incentive for investors to seek higher yields stands reduced.
In their worst single-day drop in nearly 7 weeks, Sensex plunged 324 points to 26,492.51 and Nifty tanked 109 points to 7,932.90 on negative cues from jittery global markets before the US Federal Reserve’s much awaited monetary policy meeting that starts later on Tuesday.
An earlier-than-anticipated rate hike by Fed could lead to outflows, hurting emerging markets as the incentive for investors to seek higher yields stands reduced. Major markets in Asia ended down and those in Europe were weak in morning trades.
Domestic investors also took money off the table in recent outperformers in sectors including realty, banking, consumer durables and oil & gas. All the 12 BSE sectoral indices ended in the red.
Smallcap and midcap stocks, which in previous sessions had bucked a weak trend, saw a huge sell-off with their indices falling over 3 per cent each.
The 30—share Sensex after resuming higher at 26,854.90, improved to 26,861.29. However, it succumbed to widespread selling in blue-chips and slipped to day’s low of 26,464.03, before ending at 26,492.51: down 324.05 points, or 1.21 per cent. This is its worst drop since August 1 when Sensex had plummeted 414.13 points. Tuesday’s closing is also its weakest since August 26 (26,442.81).
Among major laggards, Tata Power suffered the most by plunging 5.85 per cent. Others include Tata Steel, Hindalco, NTPC, Tata Motors, ONGC, RIL, GAIL, SBI, Axis Bank and L&T.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Dr Reddy, Bharti Airtel, ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra and Infosys gained.
The 50—share Nifty dropped 109.10 points, or 1.36 per cent, to close below 8,000 mark at 7,932.90 after moving between 8,044.90 and 7,925.15 intra-day. Tuesday’s drop is also Nifty’s worst show since August 1 when it fell 118.70 points.
“Market players will be looking for clues on the timing of the first US rate hike in more than eight years. Consensus is that the Fed will hike interest rates next year and it may declare the timelines on Tuesday,” said HDFC Securities in a note.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 3.42 per cent, followed by Power down 3.26 per cent, Capital Goods 2.70 per cent and Oil & Gas 2.67 per cent.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 74.59 crore on Monday as per provisional data issued by stock exchanges.

Air Tickets at All-Inclusive Rs 933 in a New OfferYou are here: Home Industries
Jet Airways Offers Rs 933 Promotional Scheme
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 14:34 (IST)
Indian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
Jet Airways has launched a new promotional scheme offering all-inclusive fares from as low as Rs 933. This offer is valid for travel in economy class flights within India operated by Jet Airways and JetKonnect. The booking for this Jet Airways offer is open till September 18, 2014 (inclusive).
The offer is applicable on travel on or after January 16, 2015 and tickets purchased under this offer are non-refundable.
This Jet Airways offer come in the wake of another promotional offer from SpiceJet on next year's tickets. SpiceJet on Tuesday launched an 'Early New Year Sale' in which tickets can be booked at fares as low as Rs 699, excluding applicable statutory taxes. ( Check out SpiceJet's offer )
The bookings for this SpiceJet offer will be available till mid-night September 18, 2014. The sale is for travel between January 16, 2015 and October 24, 2015. SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
(Also read: Low-priced tickets lead to more people flying )
Meanwhile, Jet Airways is offering another special promotional offer on business class travel both on domestic and international routes. (Read: Now, Fare War on Global Routes )
The three-day special fare offer called the 'Great Premiere Experience' will be available for world-wide sale till September 18 and for travel between October 16, 2014 and July 31, 2015. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 14:34 (IST)

Apple iPhone 6 India availability delayed to NovemberPrint
The possibility of iPhone 6 being available in October is very low and it is expected to arrive some time in mid-November at a starting price of around Rs 55,000 to Rs. 60,000.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:16 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 1:38 pm
After getting 4 million pre-orders for the newly launched iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on the first day, Apple Inc has already announced that customers in the U.S. will have to wait until next month for their new iPhones.
Apple fans in India will have to wait even longer due to this huge response from the U.S. It has been already noted that the company has removed iPhone 6 availability date from the Apple India website. Earlier, on September 9, the Apple India website said that the new iPhone 6 would be available on September 26 in India. Later, the India availability was shown as October 17.
The Indian Express contacted official Apple retailers in India like Croma, Vijay Sales and iWorld to get an insight on the India availability of the iPhone 6. While Croma and iWorld had no clue about it, an executive at Vijay Sales said the possibility of iPhone 6 being available in October is very low and they are expecting it to arrive some time in mid-November at a starting price of around Rs 55,000 to Rs. 60,000. On the other hand, the iPhone 6 Plus will available at a starting price of Rs. 65,000. The India price of both the devices are yet to be announced officially.
Meanwhile, Samsung is looking confident to launch its upcoming Galaxy Note 4 before Diwali. The market is expecting the Galaxy Note 4 to be priced somewhere around Rs. 45,000.
Stay tuned to this space to get more information.

US Authorities Seek Information on Pricing Data: RanbaxyYou are here: Home Corporates
Ranbaxy Says US Authorities Seek Information on Pricing Data
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 19:39 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: Generics drug maker Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd on Wednesday said federal authorities in the United States had sought details on how it reports pricing data for some products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
The company, which has agreed to be acquired by rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, said it had received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the US Department of Justice (DOJ) and that it would fully cooperate with the investigation.
"The CID is a request for documents and information, and is not an allegation of wrongdoing or demand for compensation," the company said in a statement.
Last year, Ranbaxy pleaded guilty to felony charges related to drug safety and agreed to pay $500 million in civil and criminal fines under a settlement agreement with the DOJ.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

NSEL scam: Enforcement Directorate attaches properties of Lotus RefineriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ikea to Invest $500 Million More in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Ikea to Invest $500 Million More in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 21:42 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: Ikea, the world's largest furniture retailer, on Wednesday said it has plans to invest Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores in the country over the next decade.
The new stores, each needing investment of around Rs 500 crore, will come in the cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore, the Swedish furniture retailer said.
Ikea India has already received approval of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) to invest Rs 10,500 crore here.
It will mobilise around $500 million more from its global partners for investing in these proposed stores.
"We are looking at investing around Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores at a cost of Rs 500 crore each. We will be mobilising $500 million from our global partners for this venture," Ikea India chief executive Juvencio Maeztu told a retail summit in Mumbai.
"It is difficult to specify any time-frame when we will set up the first store, still I can say we are working on it and we are in talks with different states and are looking at all major metros for land as we require very large area of land that is near a highway," he added.
The company is likely to set up its first store in Bangalore or Hyderabad within the next couple of years. It would require very large space as each store will be set up in an area measuring 3,50,000 square feet, he said, adding that it has not yet singled out any city for setting up its first store.
"For now, the priority is the right location and we are focusing on all major metros, the right location and the good price of land, which is important for us to start right," he said.
Typically, Ikea operates large format stores located on expressways close to large cities, where it sells various household goods such as flat pack furniture, furnishings etc. at relatively lower prices.
Ikea plans to tie up with local suppliers for raw material for its forthcoming stores in the country, Mr Maeztu said.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 21:41 (IST)

Sun Pharma  Merck ink pact for TildrakizumabUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:01 IST
Sun Pharma, Merck ink pact for Tildrakizumab
Special Correspondent
medicine
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Merck & Co (known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada) through their subsidiaries entered an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement for Merck’s investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, tildrakizumab (MK-3222), which is being evaluated in Phase 3 registration trials for treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
Under the agreement, Sun will get worldwide rights to tildrakizumab for use in all human indications from Merck in exchange for an upfront payment of $80 million, a joint statement says.
Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun and upon product approval, Sun will be responsible for regulatory activities, including subsequent submissions, pharmacovigilance, post approval studies, manufacturing and commercialization of the approved product.
Merck is eligible to receive undisclosed payments associated with regulatory (including product approval) and sales milestones as well as tiered royalties ranging from mid-single digit through teen percentage rates on sales, the statement adds.
Tildrakizumab is an investigational humanized, anti-IL-23p19 monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to IL-23p19.
“This collaboration is a part of our strategy towards building our pipeline of innovative dermatology products in a market with strong growth potential,’’ Kirti Ganorkar, Senior VP, Business Development, Sun Pharma, said in a statement.
On the BSE on Wednesday, Sun moved up to a high of Rs.811.65 in early trade before reacting to close at Rs.792.3, down 0.7 per cent.

Apple s HealthKit launch derailed by bugApple's iOS 8 HealthKit launch derailed by bug
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 17, 2014: 5:05 PM ET
 
See Apple's new iPhone 6 in :60
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apple's HealthKit needs a doctor.
The new health- and fitness-tracking platform has been stalled by a software bug. HealthKit was supposed to be a key component of the iOS 8 mobile software update Apple released Wednesday.
Third-party apps built to work with the platform have been pulled temporarily from Apple's App Store as a result.
"We're working quickly to have the bug fixed in a software update and have HealthKit apps available by the end of the month," an Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) spokeswoman said.
HealthKit works with Apple's new Health app along with third-party apps like WebMD and MyFitnessPal. It lets users monitor things like heart rate, sleep, weight and blood pressure, and you can also choose to share the information with your doctor.
Related: IOS 8 is here, but should you get it?
Along with the HomeKit connected device platform, HealthKit was one of the most highly touted new features in iOS 8. But the problem isn't exactly a shocker -- Apple often faces early setbacks following new software releases.
These growing pains aren't exclusive to iOS -- Android, Windows and Mac OS all have experienced their own set of upgrade issues. But iOS had some very high-profile problems in the past, from faulty antennas to battery issues to forgetting to adjust for Daylight Savings Time . There was also the iOS 6 debacle , which left Apple users saddled with the abysmal Apple Maps app.
All that means that when it comes to software upgrades like this, be prepared for a few snafus.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 5:02 PM ET
Most Popular

Experts Want Restrictions on Testosterone Drug UseAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Two Indian firms help China ship Myanmar gas over landPrint
Written by Rakesh Sinha | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:01 am
The arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping is expected to break new ground in Sino-Indian ties. But in neighbouring Myanmar, their common hunting ground, two Indian state-run firms have already helped China end its quest for a secure route to ferry gas and oil supplies home, bypassing the troubled Strait of Malacca and South China Sea.
ONGC Videsh and GAIL India are part of an onshore pipeline project undertaken by joint venture company South-East Asia Gas Pipeline Company Limited. China energy major CNPC has 50.9 per cent stake in the JV. The other partners are Daewoo International, Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise and Korea Gas Corporation.
In the first year of the commissioning of the 800-km overland gas pipeline, 1.87 billion cubic metres of natural gas has been carried from Shwe offshore gas fields in Myanmar to Kunming in southwest China province Yunnan. When fully operational, it will carry 10-13 billion cubic metres of gas every year.
A parallel oil pipeline, which will transport 22 million tonnes of crude in a year, is expected to be commissioned soon. The two pipelines start from Kyaukphyu in the Rakhine state and run overland via Mandalay to enter China at Ruili in Yunnan. The gas pipeline will eventually run across Yunnan, Guizhou, Chongqing and Guangxi.
ONGC Videsh has 17 per cent participating interest in the A1 and A3 blocks of the Shwe gas fields. Daewoo has 51 per cent stake, MOGE 15 per cent, GAIL and KOGAS 8.5 per cent each.
For China, the Myanmar pipelines provide a secure alternate route, freeing it from the worries of shipping energy supplies from the Middle-East and Africa via the Strait of Malacca and South China Sea. Oil storage tanks in Myanmar and the overland pipelines are key to its energy strategy, skipping shipping lanes which, if ever blocked or disrupted, can pose a threat.
Working on its future energy needs, Beijing proposed construction of the pipelines in 2004. According to CNPC, a 30-year purchase and sale agreement was signed with Daewoo International in December 2008, allowing the import of natural gas from Myanmar offshore blocks A-1 and A-3. Under the agreement, Myanmar was also allowed to use the pipeline to meet local needs.

Absence of Deshmukh-Munde being felt in Maharashtra Assembly elections13
0
Mumbai:Following the sad demise of stalwarts like former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and Gopinath Munde, the only well respected mass leader of the BJP in Maharashtra, the state assembly election for both the Congress-NCP combine and the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance is facing a leadership crisis. Election management skills of both the leaders were legendary.
The Congress-NCP combine is in a dilemma following the announcement by Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan at Aurangabad that Congress is in a mood to contest the election on its own, if the seat sharing negotiations fail in the next two days. Prithviraj Chavan, known as an elite leader, has maintained a good personal image in the last four years.
Even social media like Twitter and Facebook are projecting a good number of seats for the Congress. According to a prediction the Congress is projected to win 100 seats, the NCP-51, the BJP-32 and the Shiv Sena-41 seats respectively which is contrary to many surveys, which has projected a clean sweep for the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance.
Many BJP workers express the opinion that if Gopinath Munde was there, such a situation would be averted.
#vilasrao deshmukh #gopinath munde #maharashtra assembly elections #maharshtra
However, it is a fact that Chavan has limited knowledge about the districts and grassroots level leaders as a major part of his political tenure was spent in New Delhi.
Vilasrao Deshmukh was well acquainted with the ground realities and issues. He was also a trouble shooter and a good crisis manager. He also had the ability to pacify rebels and disgruntled leaders as he had the skills to understand the aspirations and limitations of these leaders. Vilasrao was the only leader who could match the skills of the alliance partner NCP and had good equations with many NCP leaders in the state.
Many a times he had openly challenged the leadership of Shard Pawar, but at the same time always maintained a very cordial relationship with Pawar. Vilasrao is credited with resolving the fast unto death of social activist Anna Hazare at Ramlila Maidan, New Delhi in 2011 during the agitation for a strong Lokpal. The Congress is now missing him.
On the other hand, late Gopinath Munde was the most powerful mass leader of the BJP in Maharashtra. He was credited with carving out 'Maha-Yuti' where diverse forces like the RPI (Athawale), Shivsangram (an offshoot of Maratha Mahasangh) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sangthana came together under the umbrella of a 'grand alliance' against the Congress - NCP combine.
Many BJP workers express the opinion that if Gopinath Munde was there, such a situation would be averted. The Shiv Sena leaders were expecting more respect from the BJP. Had he been alive today, no leader from Delhi would have dared to interfere in the party affairs in Maharashtra. The untimely death of Munde has been a major setback for the alliance, they feel.
Sanjeev Unhale is a former executive editor of Marathi newspaper Lokmat, Aurangabad. He will be writing on Maharashtra elections for ibnlive.
8

US Fed sounds hawkish  rate hike likely in March/JuneUS Fed finally sounds hawkish, rate hike likely in March/June 2015
Vatsal Srivastava        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 14:00 IST
The facade of the US Federal Reserve building is reflected on wet marble in Washington (Photo: Reuters)
The path to US monetary policy normalisation is becoming clearer. Comments by the US Federal Reserve Chief Janet Yellen on September 17 were arguably the most hawkish in recent times.
To begin with, a story written by Jon Hilsenrath of the Wall Street Journal prior to the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) announcement that the Fed is likely to keep "considerable time" language in the statement took some of the surprise out of the event.
The FOMC made very few changes to its September statement. As we had expected, the committee retained its description that labor market resources remain significantly underutilised and the funds rate will remain in its current target range for a considerable time after asset purchases end.
The committee also indicated it expects the asset purchase program (QE) to end in October, which is in line with Yellen's testimony to Congress and her comments at Jackson Hole. The only other minor change of note in the statement came in the committee's description of inflation, where it now says inflation has been running below its longer-run objective as opposed to moving closer to the committee's objective.
Barclays expects the committee to raise rates in June of next year, with risks skewed in favor of a March tightening should convergence towards the Fed's targets happen faster than anticipated (read as hawkish).
According to Barclays, the committee provided a new set of economic projections, including projections for 2017. Of note, the committee revised down its expectations for growth, particularly in 2015, and nudged its long-run growth forecast lower to a central tendency of 2-2.3 per cent from 2.1-2.3 per cent in June. In 2017, the committee also projects that the unemployment rate will undershoot its long-run target, perhaps to support a return of inflation to the 2 per cent long-run goal.
The committee made a technical adjustment to its "dot chart" by submitting projections equal to the mid-point of the range on the federal funds rate. The forecast revisions resulted in a tightening in the median policy path, with the median funds rate now expected to reach 1.375 per cent in 2015, 2.875 per cent in 2016, and 3.75 per cent in 2017 according to Barclays.
Finally, the committee also released a statement on policy normalisation. It now expects to remove the reinvestment policy on its portfolio of securities only after pushing rates higher.
The committee will target a range on the federal funds rate and use both interest on reserves (IOR) and the rate on the overnight reverse repo facility (ONRRP) to help push rates higher (read hawkish). Based on the July minutes, Citi anticipates that the rate on the ONRRP will be set equal to the floor of the range on the funds rate, and IOR will be set equal to the upper end.
All dollar crosses took a hammering on September 17 with the exception of the pound, which still waits for the Scottish vote results.
To sum up, I think Steve Englander of Citi has put it very well - the statement itself was towards the dovish side but the projections/press conference took the market by surprise by being slightly more hawkish than many market participants had projected. He had a few points in a research note which we are reproducing below:
>> The upward shift in the fed funds path and the downward nudge to expected unemployment rates.
>> Even the FOMC doves were hawkish.
>> Yellen had plenty of opportunity to say 'ignore the dots, only pay attention to the FOMC's statement', and if anything she seemed to endorse the dots and the forecasts.
>> She was very emphatic in her data dependence and emphasised the 'approach the target faster, tighten faster' side.
>> She was than emphatic in optimism on either productivity or labor force growth, viewing flat participation as success because of the downward trend in participation rates, so implicitly she was reducing the size of the output gap.
US interest rates will start rising by March/June of 2015. As we have argued in previous columns, this is long-term bullish for global equities. There will be some adjustments which will have to be made in order to price in an earlier than expected rate hike in March. If that leads to a correction in the equity markets, it's a dip worth buying into.
(Vatsal Srivastava is consulting editor for currencies and commodities with IANS. The views expressed are personal.) - IANS

Five issues that Indo-China talks may focus onFive issues that are likely to dominate Indo-China talks
Reuters     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 13:57 IST
Chinese President XI Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India on Wednesday as the two Asian giants take steps to boost commercial ties.
China has pledged to invest billions of dollars in Indian railways, industrial parks and roads, but ties between the nuclear-armed nations have long been held back by distrust, mostly over their contested border.
Here are some facts about India-China relations and issues likely to come up for discussion:
BORDER DISPUTE
China beat India in a brief border war in 1962 and relations have remained sour over their still-disputed 3,500-km (2,200-mile) frontier.
India has reported a rise in incursions by Chinese troops in recent years, charges China denies. Modi is expected to take a tougher stance with neighbouring countries, including China.
In the first such signal, Modi's government eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along the border to boost defence preparedness and close the gap on China's superior transport network.
VISAS
China often refuses to stamp visas on Indian passports from disputed territories and instead staples them to the page, a practice that infuriates India.
China has refused to issue visas to Indians from Arunachal Pradesh state, where the two countries fought the 1962 war, saying they do not need permission to travel to China. China claims the whole of Arunachal Pradesh, which it calls "South Tibet".
In 2012, India started stamping its own map on visas it issues to holders of new Chinese passports that contain a map depicting disputed territory within China's borders.
The visa issue is likely to be on the agenda during Xi's visit.
TRADE TIES
China is India's largest trading partner, with two-way trade at about $66 billion last year. However, $51 billion of that came from Chinese exports.
India hopes new investments from China will partly help offset its trade deficit. China plans to invest about $7 billion in two industrial parks in western India, media reported this month.
India will also ask its neighbour to set up manufacturing units for exports as it seeks to revive its economy,
RAILWAYS
India has the world's fourth-longest rail network but has added only 11,000 km of track since independence in 1947. China, in comparison, added 14,000 km of track in the five years to 2011.
China is expected to pledge billions of dollars of investment in India's rail network that can help reform the now-decrepit British-built system.
NUCLEAR TIES
In 2013, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said the two countries would cooperate in civil nuclear energy. Leaders of the two energy-starved countries may discuss the possibility of a civil nuclear cooperation agreement, Indian officials said.
China has committed $6.5 billion to finance the construction of a major nuclear power project in Karachi, the financial hub of neighbouring Pakistan, India's traditional foe. But Beijing might make a push to supply India with its new-generation reactors, The Hindu newspaper said.

Can Amazon s tabs move people away from iPadsAmazon's latest Kindle Fire tablets an attempt to move people away from iPads
By New York Times | 18 Sep, 2014, 01.55PM IST
0
Share More
The aim here, it seems, is to go after the segment of the market that wants to use a tablet as a workstation, instead of toting around a laptop.
ET SPECIAL:
It has been said that people don't want tablets, they want iPads.
For years, Amazon, the online retail giant, has been trying to change that.
The company's latest effort comes in a refresh of its Kindle tablets and e-readers, announced Wednesday evening, with a set of internal hardware improvements and updated software features that Amazon hopes will woo new crowds to its line of devices.
Amazon's strategy: Go after different types of people with many different devices.
Take the updated Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 tablet. It now includes a powerful 2.5 GHz Snapdragon processor from Qualcomm and comes with the WPS Office app, essentially a way to create and edit documents from the tablet. The app is integrated with Amazon's Cloud Drive, which will back up documents on Amazon's servers. Amazon has also built a Fire Keyboard, which connects wirelessly to the HDX 8.9 tablet via Bluetooth.
The aim here, it seems, is to go after the segment of the market that wants to use a tablet as a workstation, instead of toting around a laptop. In other words, it's the same audience that Microsoft has tried to court with its Surface tablet.
"We have all the power and performance you need to multitask," said Jonathan Oakes, a director of product management for Amazon, at a media event Wednesday. "Now we're just making it easier to switch between all the things people want to do."
The HDX will cost $379, which is also about the cost of Microsoft's Surface RT, depending on which model you buy.
But modeling the new Kindle after the Surface is questionable, as the Surface has hardly flown off the shelves. Microsoft took a $900 million write-down on unsold Surface RTs last year.
For what it's worth, the HDX also comes with a sound system upgrade, courtesy of Dolby, as well as improved graphics processing and a better display, which could appeal to media-hungry consumers. So it's not all business.
Amazon isn't just aiming at grown-ups. The Kindle Fire HD Kids Edition, for instance, aims for the opposite end of the market.
For $149, Amazon offers an updated 6-inch Kindle Fire HD tablet with front-and-rear-facing cameras, an improved display and a better microprocessor. It also comes in an array of pretty colors, much like Apple's iPods.
The hook, however, is the guarantee that comes with the device. If your child breaks the tablet, Amazon will replace it for up to two years. The shockproof rubber case that comes in the package will probably help protect against that, too.
The device also allows for full access to "FreeTime Unlimited," Amazon's child-friendly section of videos, apps and games.
So for about $50 more than the cost of a new Kindle Fire HD, you are essentially buying an extended warranty for a nice child's toy.
Finally, for those who just want to read on their tablet, Amazon has updated its classic line of e-readers. The refresh includes a new $79 Kindle - the lowest-price option - as well as a new high-end model, the Voyage, a thin, lightweight reader with an improved front light and touch-screen capability. The Voyage is not cheap; at $199, it is Amazon's most expensive e-reader.
Amazon's fall line comes months before the holiday season, when manufacturers like Samsung, Lenovo and Apple will all push their tablets heavily to gift-seekers.
But while Amazon has heavily marketed its Fire Tablet products, how successful the company has been in winning over consumers is unclear. Amazon has never broken out its tablet sales numbers.
Estimates from analysts, however, show Amazon's tablet sales dwarfed by its competition. Amazon shipped an estimated 200,000 tablets in the second quarter of 2014, 22nd among tablet manufacturers worldwide, according to IDC, a research firm. For comparison, Apple sold 13.3 million iPads over the same period.
Ultimately, the tablets are a means to an end, a portal to Amazon's major business of selling goods and services and shipping them to customers around the world. In some cases, Amazon is probably making little to no money on each tablet sold, but it counts on making up for that by selling content like digital books and movies to tablet shoppers.
Still, to bolster online shopping, Amazon needs to sell more tablets. And that is easier said than done.
The new Kindle Fall lineup was available for pre-order on Amazon's site beginning Wednesday evening.

Rupee makes day s low of 61.20 | Oil nears $98You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee plunges 25 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had ended 13 paise…)
MUMBAI: The rupee fell by 25 paise to 61.17 against the US currency in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar against other currencies in global market after the US Fed stating it would keep its easy-money policy, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
The rupee had ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the greenback in yesterday's trade following sustained dollar selling by exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 118.09 points, or 0.44 per cent, to 26,513.20 in early trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

$ hits 6-year peak; euro skids to 14-month lowDollar soars to 6-year peak on yen after Fed, Tokyo stocks cheer
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 09.16AM IST
0
Share More
The hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SYDNEY/TOKYO: Japanese shares jumped on Thursday after the dollar vaulted to a six-year peak on the yen as the Federal Reserve's outlook for rising rates underlined the diverging path between the United states and the rest of the rich world.
In other regional share markets, the reception was mixed, with MSCI's index of ex-Japan Asian shares falling to 12-week lows, on the spectre of rising US rates and slower economic growth in China.
The euro skidded to a 14-month trough while gold hit an eight-month low as the dollar swept higher across the board, a move that many investors have been itching to wager on all year.
Indeed, the hawkish interpretation in currencies came despite the Fed maintaining language suggesting that rate hikes would not happen for a "considerable time."
The reaction also overshadowed a surprisingly soft reading on US inflation, even as Fed Chair Janet Yellen emphasised that policy would be highly dependent on how the economy actually performed in coming months.
"Overall, we feel that the forward guidance from the Fed is consistent with policy normalisation in 2015," said Dylan Eades , an economist at ANZ.
"Whilst the timing of the first rate rise is data dependent, we continue to expect that the FOMC will begin the normalisation process in March next year."
Futures markets still lean more towards a move in June. But whatever the timing, US rates do seem certain to be heading higher while central banks in the euro zone and Japan remain committed to super-easy monetary policy.
That stark contrast sent the euro sinking as far as $1.2834 , depths last visited in July 2013. Measured against a basket of currencies, the dollar climbed to 84.753, the highest in 14 months.
The dollar also flew to 108.69 yen, its highest since September 2008 and up from 107.00 before the Fed statement.
A weaker yen is generally viewed as positive for Japanese exports and company earnings, helping lift the Nikkei 0.9 per cent to its best since January.
The broad Topix index climbed 1 per cent to tread ground not visited since July, 2008.
The yen's fall was timely as Reuters' latest poll of Japanese manufacturers showed confidence dropping by the most in two years in September as a tax increase hit the economy harder than expected.
SCOTTISH VOTE STILL TO COME
Elsewhere in Asia, the reaction in equities was more guarded as the prospect of rising US yields could attract funds away from emerging markets.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.9 per cent, having fallen nine sessions in the past 10 days.
Many emerging shares were bruised earlier this year by speculation of an sooner start to US rate hikes but analysts say their correction may soon come to an end.
"Even though the Fed will finish its bond buying, it is not going to raise rates any time soon. I doubt that emerging markets will enter a bear market," said Yukino Yamada, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities .
Indeed, Wall Street seemed to find some relief in the very fact that the Fed would not be hiking for a few months at least.
After whipsawing in a wide range, the Dow settled 0.15 per cent higher, while the S&P 500 gained 0.13 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.21 per cent.
Bond investors reacted with more calm than those in currency markets, and nudged yields on the benchmark 10-year note up a modest 2 basis points to 2.62 per cent.
Still, a rise in two-year yields to 0.57 per cent widened their premium over German debt to 63 basis points, the fattest margin since early 2007.
With the Fed out of the way, the next big test for markets will be the referendum on Scotland's independence later Thursday.
The latest opinion poll by Survation showed support for staying in the United Kingdom is at 53 per cent, giving sterling a mild lift. The pound was at $1.6264, having been as low as $1.6052 earlier in the month.
In commodities, the rise of the dollar was a dead weight on prices. Gold was down at $1,220.86 an ounce having touched an eight-month trough.
Oil prices were further pressured by a government report showing crude stocks rose sharply in the United States last week.
Brent crude and US crude were both down 0.5 per cent on Thursday at $98.47 a barrel and $93.94 respectively.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

LG launches G3 Beat in India at Rs 25 000Sep 18, 2014 at 01:33pm IST
LG launches G3 Beat in India at Rs 25,000
26
1
New Delhi: Korean electronics major LG expanded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of its new G3 Beat, priced at Rs 25,000 in India.
"The consumer today wants the best of the features at an affordable price and with G3 beat, LG is offering one of the best device with premium features in this price range. After the successful launch of LG G3, we are now offering its sibling to our customers," LG Mobiles India Marketing Head Amit Gujral said.
With the recent launches of smartphones from the G3 family, LG India is targetting to achieve 10 per cent market share in the smartphone category by the end of 2014.
The LG G3 Beat has a 5-inch HD IPS display, Snapdragon 1.2 GHz quad core processor, Android 4.4.2 KitKat, 1GB RAM and 8GB memory.
With a 5-inch HD IPS display, the device features Snapdragon 1.2 GHz quad core processor, Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system, 1GB RAM and 8GB memory.
The handset, which supports 4G/LTE network, sports 8MP rear and 1.3MP front camera and 2,540mAh removable battery.
"The LG G3 Beat represents our commitment to the mid-tier smartphone market that demands mature technology, proven performance, great innovation and an attractive price, all in a single device," LG Electronics India MD Swoon Koon said.
The LG G3 Beat was developed to address the growing low- to mid-tier segment of smartphone customers who want a great device that is more compact but still powerful enough to run the most popular apps, he added.
Launched in July, the flagship smartphone LG G3 was unveiled as part of the company's efforts to grow its revenues almost three-fold this year.
LG India expects to exceed its target of Rs 2,000 crore in revenues from smartphones in India this year from Rs 800 crore in 2013.
67

India  China sign 5-year trade and economic co-operation pact | Full CoverageChina
(A sister city agreement…)
NEW DELHI: India today signed a 5-year trade and economic cooperation agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance.
The 'Five year Trade and Economic Development Plan' was signed by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting President Xi Jinping .
The agreement lays down a medium term roadmap for promoting balanced and sustainable development of economic and trade relations between China and India, on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
Among other things, it seeks to reduce bilateral trade imbalance and strengthen investment cooperation to realise $20 billion investment from China in 5 years.
Also a transparent, stable and investor friendly business environment and an enhanced cooperation between Chambers of Commerce and financial sectors of the two countries would also be covered under the pact.
The trade gap between the two countries stood at USD 35 billion in favour of China. The total bilateral trade was at USD 66.4 billion trade last year.
Sitharaman and Gao also signed the minutes of the tenth session of India-China Joint Economic Group held earlier this month in Beijing.
Both sides during the Beijing meeting held detailed discussions on various issues to promote broad and deep bilateral trade and economic cooperation and agreed to undertake measures to achieve sustainable and balanced trade.
Specific measures to enhance market access to Indian products such as agricultural and pharmaceutical, and export of services were also discussed during that meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex surges 475 pts  back at 27K | Bets on  soar as Scotland votesYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex on a roll, surges over 450 points; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(US Federal Reserve announced…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart recovery after starting the day on a muted note amid US Fed worries of interest rate hike. The index rose as much as 529 points in trade led by gains in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank , ITC and TCS.
US Federal Reserve announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month. It also made clear that record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months.
The BSE Sensex rallied as much as 401 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to bounce back and is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 2:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,103.45 up 472.16 points.
The Nifty was at 8110.70, up 135.2 points.
Most analysts hold the view that even if US Federal Reserve decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected it will be less disastrous for India than other emerging markets because macros have improved significantly.
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. Higher U.S. interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps as compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase in foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past Indian market hit the all-time high. So correction will definitely be there but not as much as we see in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1.59 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 2.5 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.06 per cent), HDFC (up 3.08 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 3.06 per cent), BHEL (up 2.9 per cent) and L&T (up 2.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 1.6 per cent), Infosys (down 0.72 per cent) and M&M (down 0.14 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 620 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1037
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 344
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 835 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 290
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 568
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 120
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2955 and a stop loss of Rs 2880
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1685 and a stop loss of Rs 1625
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 251
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 700 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 920 and a stop loss of Rs 682
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 501
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 480
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2560
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2540
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2290
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty  Sensex rally 1.5%; heavyweights lead  Realty up 4%Sep 18, 2014, 04.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex gains 481 pts, Nifty ends up 1.7%; Infosys, HUL drag
Hero MotoCorp was up 6 percent while L&T, HDFC, Dr Reddy's and BHEL gained 4 percent each. Among the losers were Infosys, HUL and Sesa Sterlite.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex gains 481 pts, Nifty ends up 1.7%; Infosys, HUL drag
Hero MotoCorp was up 6 percent while L&T, HDFC, Dr Reddy's and BHEL gained 4 percent each. Among the losers were Infosys, HUL and Sesa Sterlite.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
03:30 Market closing
The market ended the day with a roar. The Sensex ended 480.92 points or 1.81 percent higher  at 27112.21 and the Nifty was up 139.25 points or 1.75 percent at 8114.75. About 2233 shares have advanced, 827 shares declined, and 93 shares were unchanged.
Hero MotoCorp was up 6 percent while L&T, HDFC, Dr Reddy's and BHEL gained 4 percent each.
Among the losers were Infosys, HUL and Sesa Sterlite.
02:55pm Maruti in News
Maruti Suzuki India today said voting by minority shareholders over its move to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in Gujarat plant will likely happen in November instead of October as earlier envisaged.
"It is a long procedure and we have not been able to put all the things in place. So we won't be able to do it in October. It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R C Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference on Public Affairs here, reports PTI.
02:40pm Infosys signs deal
Infosys Ltd said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Company to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
The companies did not say how much the deal was worth. Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys, the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said, reports Reuters.
02:30pm Interview
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Mithun Chittilappilly, Managing Director, V-Guard Industries, said the company’s second quarter performance so far has been quite satisfactory, thus it is sticking with its guidance of top line growth of 20 percent year on year.
The company expects EBITDA margins to be between 8.5 percent and 9 percent on the back of operating leverage. It expects margins for the fan business to improve by 6 percent.
V-Guard has a 20 percent market share in stabiliser segment and 8 percent in wire segment, the company said.
02:20pm L&T in demand
Larsen and Toubro gained 3 percent after Oman subsidiary bagged order for building Adam airbase.
The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won a order from the Ministry of Defense, Sultanate of Oman against stiff international competition for the construction of Adam airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, said the company in its filing.
This is the fifth order received by L&T group in September. Excluding today's order, the group has bagged nearly Rs 11,000 crore worth of contract in the current month.
02:10pm FII View
The Federal Reserve has said that it was nearing the end of its asset purchases and reiterated it would not hike interest rates for a 'considerable' period. CNBC-TV18 spoke to Hans Goetti, head of Asia Investment at Banque Internationale À Luxembourg, to know how this move will impact the global markets going ahead.
According to Goetti, emerging markets are going to benefit from Fed not willing to raise interest rates anytime soon. He maintains that the Indian market will be re-rated or revalued on the upside because of the changed political landscape and remains very bullish on India for the next two-three years.
"India has the potential to become the fastest growing economy in Asia by that time period," he adds.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks remained strong in afternoon trade as India signed several agreements with China for co-operation in various sectors and strengthening strong relations between countries.
 
The Sensex climbed 427.24 points or 1.60 percent to 27058.53 and the Nifty rose 123.20 points or 1.54 percent to 8098.70. The broader markets too traded strong with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gaining 1.6 percent and 2.5 percent, respectively.
About 2132 shares have advanced, 820 shares declined, and 79 shares are unchanged.
All sectoral indices remained strong with the BSE Realty, Capital Goods, Auto, Bank, Power, Oil & Gas, Healthcare and Metal rising 1-4 percent.
Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, Dr Reddy's Labs, HDFC, Larsen and Toubro, BPCL and DLF topped the buying list, up 3-5 percent.
Railway stocks like Texmaco Rail, Kalindee Rail, Titagarh Wagons, Stone India and Kernex Microsystems gained 3-7 percent after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) on extending co-operation in rail, including agreement for new Mansarovar route.
13:15

LIC Chairman Bullish on Outlook for Country s MarketsYou are here: Home Market
Ericsson to Shut Modem Business, 1,000 Jobs to Go
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 16:11 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Ericsson, the world's biggest mobile network equipment maker, is winding down its modem business, shutting a loss-making unit with the departure of about 1,000 staff.
The decision comes amid falling prices of modems, rising demands on research and development and a shrinking market as more smartphone makers buy modems and processors, which Ericsson does not make, together.
The Swedish company had said it would evaluate the future of the business within 18 to 24 months of taking it on in 2013 when joint venture partner STMicroelectronics pulled out.
Ericsson's chief executive said on Thursday the rapidly changing market meant the company had concluded it would be too expensive for the business to succeed.
"In addition, we believe we can use this money in a better way," Hans Vestberg told Reuters.
The Swedish company said the decision to end the development of modems would mean it could shift resources to developing radio networks.
Ericsson had targeted a top three market position for its modems business, which employs around 1,600 people, alongside U.S. firms Qualcomm and Intel.
The move to stop developing new modems would mean around 1,000 staff leaving Ericsson, Vestberg said.
Some of the other employees would find work at a new research and development unit within Ericsson's core radio networks business that will be set up in Sweden's Lund and employ 500 in total.
Some would also continue working with the M7450 modem which was launched in August, Vestberg said, although it was hard to say for how long Ericsson would go on making it as that would depend on the success of the smartphones in which it sits.
In total, Ericsson employed slightly more than 115,000 at the end of the second quarter.
Ericsson said it expected the move to lead to significant cost savings, without specifying. In the three quarters since the modems business was integrated in Ericsson, it had racked up 1.7 billion Swedish crowns (238 million) in operating losses.
"Modems will have no impact on Group P&L (profit and loss account) from the second half of 2015," it said in a statement.
Ericsson shares were up 2 per cent at Swedish 92.60 crowns by 0925 GMT, outperforming the STOXX Europe 600 technology index which was up 0.85 per cent.
(1 US dollar = 7.1480 Swedish crown)
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Global Billionaire Population to Cross 3 800 by 2020: Wealth-XRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
New Delhi: The population of billionaires globally is likely to surpass 3,800 by 2020, with the technology sector expected to create a significant number of new super-rich in the coming years, says a report.
Billionaires are defined as individuals with a net worth of $1 billion or above and currently these super-rich people control nearly 4 per cent of the world's wealth.
There is one billionaire for every three million people on the planet.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, the global billionaire population would surpass 3,800 by 2020. This forecast reflects the current wealth distribution in the wider ultra high-net-worth (UHNW) population and the possibility of certain sectors, such as technology, becoming increasingly profitable.
This year's forecast for future billionaire growth also incorporated different confidence levels, to account for possible changes in global economic circumstances affecting wealth accumulation.
In the most bullish scenario, there would be over 4,100 billionaires by 2020, an increase of 78 per cent on their current levels. In the most conservative scenario, the global billionaire population will rise to around 3,600 billionaires by 2020, a net increase of only 56 per cent.
"The overall size and net worth of the world's billionaire population will continue to grow, presenting immense opportunities," the report said.
The growth of the technology industry is likely to create a significant number of new billionaires in the coming years as more innovation and growth is anticipated going forward.
Currently, less than 4 per cent of the world's ultra-rich have made their wealth in this sector.
"Other industries are also likely to contribute to an increase in the number of billionaires globally, especially as emerging markets continue to develop and mature," the report said.
Between 2012 and 2013, the number of billionaires grew by just 0.5 per cent, while between 2013 and 2014, it increased by as much as 7.1 per cent.
Such large variations in the growth rate of billionaire population are not unexpected, as a significant portion of billionaires' wealth is not necessarily correlated to global wealth conditions, the report said.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 14:50 (IST)

Reserve Bank Eases Norms for Issuing Equity Shares Under FDIYou are here: Home Economy
Reserve Bank Eases Norms for Issuing Equity Shares Under FDI
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 23:21 (IST)
E-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Mumbai: Easing foreign direct investment (FDI) norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed companies to issue equity shares to residents outside India against any type of fund subject to certain conditions.
The apex bank reviewed the extant guidelines for issuing shares or convertible debentures under the automatic route and has permitted issuance of equity shares against any fund payable by the investee company, remittance of which does not require prior permission of RBI or the government.
"Equity shares shall be issued in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines and the issue of equity shares under this provision shall be subject to tax laws as applicable to the funds payable and the conversion to equity should be net of applicable taxes," the RBI said.
Earlier, an Indian company under the automatic route could issue shares/convertible debentures to a person resident outside India against a lump sum technical know-how fee, royalty external commercial borrowings (other than import dues deemed as ECB or trade credit) and import payables of capital goods by units in Special Economic Zones (SEZs).
The guidelines allow issuance of shares subject to certain conditions like entry route, sectoral cap, pricing guidelines and compliance with the applicable tax laws.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 20:04 (IST)

Amit Shah says talks with Shiv Sena still on  hopes for a BJP government in MaharashtraSep 18, 2014 at  02:59pm IST
Amit Shah says talks with Shiv Sena still on, hopes for a BJP government in Maharashtra
16
0
Mumbai: Even as there are resports of the Bharatiya janata Party bowing before the Shiv Sena over seat sharing, there is still no clarity over the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance talks in Maharashtra. BJP President Amit Shah has now indicated that it is not a done deal yet.
Shah said that the BJP will head the next government in Maharashtra. He has also called on the Shiv Sena to resolve the seat sharing tussle at the earliest.
"We have moved two steps, now it is your turn. The BJP wants the matter to be solved keeping our self respect intact. Let's solve the matter soon. I can assure you that this time it will be a BJP government in Maharashtra," Shah said.
#maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp #amit shah
Shah's statement came even as state BJP leaders said that they have reduced their share of seats to 119 for the forthcoming Assembly polls, the number of seats they had contested last time.
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari met the Maharashtra BJP leaders in Mumbai on Wednesday night and the party leaders reportedly bowed down to the Shiv Sena from the 135-seat demand and sent a list of 119 seats to the central leadership.
The BJP's climbdown came just days after its dismal performance in the recently held bypolls in nine states. The decision has been communicated to the Shiv Sena. The meeting was attended by state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and senior leader Sudhir Mungantiwar.
Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut said that ties between both the parties are strong. However, speaking to CNN-IBN, he added that the Maharashtra Chief Ministerial candidate will be from the Shiv Sena.
0

SP cautions Modi against China s  policy  of pushing troopsSep 18, 2014 at 02:43pm IST
SP cautions Modi against China's 'policy' of pushing troops
3
0
New Delhi: Samajwadi Party on Thursday cautioned Prime Minister Narendra Modi against China's "policy" of pushing troops and holding talks at the same time and said it was time New Delhi used force to push back Chinese troops which have entered Indian territory.
The remarks by senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav came after Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions with the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping.
"The Samajwadi Party's policy is very clear that we cannot trust China. Days after Chinese leader Zhou Enlai was welcomed in New Delhi where people raised slogans of 'Hindi Cheeni bhai-bhai', Chinese aggression took place in 1962. Recently, when a Chinese leader was visiting India, Beijing remarked that Arunachal Pradesh was part of its territory," he told reporters here.
SP chief Mulayam Singh has often attacked "Chinese designs", saying India will have to assert itself.
#samajwadi party #china #narendra modi #india
Yadav, who is also National Spokesperson of the Mulayam Singh Yadav-led party, said China feels that India comes under pressure and fails to retaliate.
"We demand that Prime Minister Modi should respond (to Chinese aggression) in the same language. Till the time, we do not use force, aggressions will continue," he said.
SP chief Mulayam Singh has often attacked "Chinese designs", saying India will have to assert itself.
The Chinese Army has reportedly made a fresh incursion in Chumar area in Jammu and Kashmir and refused to return.
Heightening tension, the Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village in the wee hours today, ahead of the Summit meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
0

Mars mission enters last lap; crucial test on Sept 24Mars mission enters last lap, crucial test on Sept 24
Reuters        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:49 IST
India's first mission to Mars will attempt to put a spacecraft in orbit around the red planet next week, in a crucial test of a low-cost project carrying the country's hopes to join the leaders of a global space race.
A successful outcome for the $74-million mission would stiffen Prime Minister Narendra Modi's resolve to build new space launch facilities capable of handling heavier satellites, to make India a stronger player in the space technology market.
Launched last November, the Mars Orbiter Mission, called Mangalyaan, aims to study the planet's surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
If the spacecraft does manage to enter orbit around Mars on September 24, India would become the first country to succeed on its first try. European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but only after several attempts.
"Confidence is high," V. Koteswara Rao, scientific secretary at the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), told Reuters. "All the operations done so far are successful and all the parameters measured are normal."
ISRO has already uploaded commands to help the spacecraft automatically enter orbit on the morning of September 24.
Two days before that, scientists will run a four-second test of a main engine that has been idle for about 300 days, and make a small course correction, Rao said.
However, experts say it will be challenging to get the trajectory right and cut the craft's speed from its current rate of 22 km (13.7 miles) per second to allow it to enter orbit. So also would be the task of receiving the faint signals it emits.
"It's like hitting a one-rupee coin about a hundred kilometres away, and that is tough," said Mayank N. Vahia, a scientist in the department of astronomy and astrophysics at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
ISRO has prepared a contingency plan. If the main engine fails to restart, eight small fuel-powered thrusters will be used to put the spacecraft into orbit around Mars.
LOW-COST MODEL & CHINA
India launched its space programme five decades ago and developed its own rocket technology after Western powers imposed sanctions for a nuclear weapons test in 1974. In 2009, its Chandrayaan satellite found evidence of water on the moon.
Although facing strong competition from neighbour China, India aspires to be a low-cost supplier of space technology and grab a bigger slice of a more than $300-billion industry.
India has so far launched 40 foreign satellites, many of them for advanced nations.
Still, China has an edge, as it can put heavier satellites into orbit with its bigger launchers.
Modi aims to change that. In June, he hailed the Mars mission's low cost, saying it was less than the budget of the Hollywood space movie 'Gravity'.
A successful Mars mission would boost the global standing of India's state-run space agency.
"It increases the prestige and reliability of India as a spacefaring nation whose rockets and payloads are reliable enough for other countries to use," said Vahia.
Mangalyaan cost roughly a tenth of NASA's Mars mission Maven that will attempt to enter orbit around the planet three days earlier on Sept. 21.
Despite its recent success, India's space programme has often drawn criticism as Asia's third-largest economy still ranks poorly on basic social indicators of poverty and hunger.
(Editing by John Chalmers and Clarence Fernandez)

Helicopter makes hard landing; Navy to orderprobePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:27 pm
A Chetak helicopter of the Indian Navy, whilst on a routine training sortie off Mumbai, made a hard landing at Uran, across the Mumbai harbour on Thursday morning.
Two pilots and two aircrew who were on board have suffered minor injuries but are safe, a Defence spokesperson said here.
“Prima facie, the helicopter appears to have developed a technical snag,” he said. “There has been no damage to civil property,” he added.
An inquiry will be ordered into the incident, the spokesperson said.

Jivi launches Indias cheapest Android smartphone at Rs1 999Print
Jivi JSP 20 is the cheapest Android smartphone in India. It features a 3.5-inch capacitive touch display with One Glass Solution and runs on Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread OS.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:55 am
Jivi Mobiles has launched its first Android smartphone in India called Jivi JSP 20 at a price of Rs. 1,999. The Jivi JSP 20 is currently the lowest priced Android smartphone in India and is targeted at feature-phone users looking to shift to smartphones.
“Prime Minister’s digital India vision envisages citizens accessing e-services on highly affordable mobile devices. We are supporting his vision of a smartphone in every hands by 2019 by shattering the price barrier,” said Pankaj Anand, Jivi Mobiles.
The 2G smartphone features a 3.5-inch capacitive touch display with One Glass Solution at a resolution of 320 x 480 pixels. Running on a 1 GHz processor and Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread operating system, the smartphone offers dual SIM (G+G) functionality, WiFi and Bluetooth.
On the memory front, the Jivi JSP 20 comes with 128 MB RAM and offers 256 MB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. The phone features a 2 MP rear camera with flash andis powered by a 1350 mAh battery.
The smartphone is available exclusively at Amazon.in. The delivery of the smartphone will start from September 25 and buyers pre-booking the Jivi JSP 20 before September 24 will get a flip cover for free.
“While, the spec sheet may not be attractive, the Jivi JSP 20 simply aims to connect masses to the Internet. We will introduce more smartphones with better specs very soon at a price of under Rs. 5,000,” added Anand.
Specs:

Madhepura MP Papu Yadavs supporters stage dharna over doctors consultation fees; IMA refuses tobucklePrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:25 pm
The Indian Medical Association (IMA), Bihar refused to buckle under pressure of Madhepura RJD MP Rajesh Ranjan, alias Pappu Yadav, over his demand from doctors of Kosi region to “fix their consultation fees and prescribe medicines”. The RJD MP’s supporters are set to stage Dharna in Saharsa.
The IMA has made its stand clear saying that “Pappu Yadav has no business of enforcing regulations on doctors to take out political mileage”.
Over two dozen Saharsa doctors had met Saharsa DM on Wednesday requesting him to ensure their “safety” and “freedom to practice in a fear-free atmosphere”.
The controversial RJD Madhepura MP Pappu Yadav had “requested” doctors of Kosi region (Saharsa, Supaul, Madhepura, Purnea and Araria) to curtail their fees from existing Rs 200-Rs 500 to Rs 150-Rs 300. The region has over 500 doctors. Yadav said: “I am standing for the poor, who are being fleeced and prescribed medicines which are available at certain medical shops. It is not an order but a request. I have also written to IMA and civil surgeons of some districts”.
IMA, Bihar president Dr Rajiv Ranjan Ranjan Prasad, however, told The Indian Express: “Who is Pappu Yadav to regulate doctors’ fees? Is there no government in Bihar? I know he is an MP. He should rather help formulate an uniform policy to regulate fees in Parliament rather than trying to pick up a soft target in Kosi doctors”.
Dr Prasad, however, said IMA would take call on mandatory registration of doctors under Bihar Nursing Act after Patna High court gives a verdict on related matter. Dr Prasad said the IMA had called a meeting and might take up the matter with central IMA and Bihar government if needed.
Saharsa IMA president Dr UC Mishra added things seemed to go beyond the “demand of curtailing fees”. “Just imagine the plight of doctors when hoards of supporters reach their clinics. We are under a spell of fear. Let there be regulation in Bihar on fees but not in the matter Pappu Yadav wants it”, said Dr Mishra.
Sanjay Soni, a Saharsa resident, said there had been certainly a lobby of doctors and pathologists, who charge more than other districts. “But general public perception is that regulation should come from the state government, not through an MP”, said Soni adding that Pappu Yadav had been trying to get “political mileage and gain further political ground” for 2015 elections.

Nearly 3 million Syrian children not inschoolPrint
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:19 pm
Nearly three million Syrian children are not attending school due to the war raging in their country, an international charity group said on Thursday.
The report by the Britain-based Save the Children added that hundreds of thousands of displaced children are struggling to enroll for school in their host countries and in Syria.
The report spotlighted how Syria’s conflict, now entering its fourth year, is denying a decent education to a generation of children, with consequences that may last for generations.
Within Syria, the report estimated that 3,465 schools, or one-fifth of the country’s educational buildings, were either destroyed or damaged, or are being used for military purposes.
“It is absolutely shameful that the obligation to protect schools is not being respected in this conflict, endangering the lives of innocent children,” said the organization’s regional director, Roger Hearn.
Syria’s civil war has killed at least 190,000 people, according to the U.N. Nearly three million Syrians have fled the country.

Crisil launches first inflation-linked G-Sec...Crisil launches first inflation-linked government securities index
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 03.10PM IST
(Crisil believes the index…)
MUMBAI: Largest domestic credit rating agency Crisil Research today launched the country's first inflation indexed government securities index (Crisil IIGS Index), which will track the performance of a portfolio of inflation-linked government securities.
Crisil believes the index will provide market participants an appropriate and easily accessible benchmark to measure and analyse the performance of such securities, the agency said in a statement.
That apart, this total return index seeks to capture returns on inflation-linked securities due to coupon accruals and price change, both adjusted for inflation.
The launch comes as part of Crisil's ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the debt market. In addition to this index, the agency currently maintains 37 indices across bond, gilts, money market, hybrid and commodity segments, which are used by asset managers for benchmarking their products and portfolios.
Agency president Mukesh Agarwal said: "The launch of the index further endorses the agency's status as a pioneer in debt and hybrid indices in the country. This index is expected to serve both as a benchmark and underlying index for investment products such as index funds.
"Crisil will continue to develop indices that help market participants gauge the performance of different asset classes and make investment decisions in an otherwise shallow debt market," he said.
Currently, there is one such security, the 1.44 per cent inflation indexed government stock 2023 (linked to wholesale price index) issued in June 2013. Such securities provide inflation protection on both principal and coupon (interest) payments.
It may be noted that the agency already provides daily valuation of government securities, including mutual funds for determination of net asset value of funds, to investors.
Senior director for capital markets Sandeep Sabharwal said, "We believe the Crisil IIGS Index will meet the need for an appropriate benchmark index for these funds."
He further noted that since its launch in 2013, the inflation-linked government security has gained some popularity in the mutual funds space. Two inflation-linked funds have already been launched and a few are in the pipeline.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Murray signals backing for Scottish independenceUpdated: September 18, 2014 15:27 IST
Murray signals backing for Scottish independence
AP
referendum and plebiscite
After carefully avoiding taking a side on the issue, former Wimbledon champion Andy Murray changed course on Thursday and signalled his support for Scottish independence on the day of the historic vote.
The Scottish player sent out a post on Twitter early Thursday, just hours ahead of the polls opening on the referendum to break away from the United Kingdom.
Murray indicated that negative campaigning by the anti-independence side had made up his mind in favour of secession.
The 27-year-old Murray, who grew up in Dunblane, Scotland, resides in England and would not be eligible to vote in the referendum. But he is one of Scotland’s most high-profile global figures and his words will get wide airing in the country.
Huge day for Scotland today! no campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. excited to see the outcome. lets do this!
— Andy Murray (@andy_murray) September 18, 2014
In 2013, Murray became the first British player in 77 years to win the Wimbledon’s men’s title, a victory that was celebrated with national fervour all across Britain. He also won a gold medal for Britain at the 2012 London Olympics, draping himself in the Union Jack after beating Roger Federer in the final.
“If Scotland became independent, then I imagine I would be playing for Scotland,” Murray told reporters at the recent U.S. Open.
“I don’t know a whole lot about politics, and I have made that mistake in the past and it’s caused me a headache for seven or eight years of my life and a lot of abuse,” he said.
After Murray’s Wimbledon victory, Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond waved the “Saltire,” the blue and white Scottish flag, in the Royal Box.
Murray was critical of Salmond’s gesture and spoke of his national identity.
“I am proud to be Scottish, but I am also proud to be British,” he said at the time. “I don’t think there is any contradiction in that.”
Should Scotland vote for independence, Britain would lose its No. 1 tennis player. Murray would be free to represent Scotland on the tour and also in Davis Cup.
It’s uncertain whether Scotland would be able to form an independent team in time for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. If not, Scottish athletes could either continue to compete for Britain or compete under the Olympic flag.

Non-demarcation leading to incidents at borders: XiUpdated: September 18, 2014 15:55 IST
Non-demarcation leads to border incidents: Xi
Tweet
PTI India and China sign 12 agreements including cooperation in railways, outer space and culture.
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping along with his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir by Union Minister Smriti Irani after paying homage to the Father of The Nation Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Samadhi, Rajghat, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping paying homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
India and China had decided to mark 2014 as a “year of friendly exchanges”. File Photo
TOPICS
Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents, the Chinese President says.
14.35: PM Modi and President Xi conclude their statements.
14.29: President Xi hopes for India's support in building relations with SAARC countries.
14.28: China is ready for friendly talks to arrive at a peaceful consensus: President Xi
Xi: When India and China speak in one voice, the world will pay attention
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 18, 2014
14.27: Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents: President Xi
14.26: China will train 1500 language teachers. 2015 will be called 'Visit India' year in China, and 2016 will be 'Visit China' in India
14.25: Two countries have proposed cultural exchange programmes that cover culture, education, tourism, films, among others: President Xi
14.24: We had fruitful talks which included all issues of mutual concern, says President Xi Jinping
14.22: We will align our development strategy to strengthen to railway infrastructure in India: President Xi
14.20: President Xi officially invites PM Modi to visit China.
Pres Xi : we agree that leaders shd provide strategic direction to relations through frequent summits. I invite @PMOIndia to China for visit
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 18, 2014
14.16: We (India, China) are emerging markets and should strive to achieve peaceful development: President Xi
14.15: Mr. Modi concludes his statement.
14.14: All issues including economic, political and security discussed over the last two days. We decided to step up engagement in diverse areas: PM Modi
We also agreed to cooperate on our many shared interests at the global level - @PMOIndia
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
14.12: We will build closer cooperation on the shared challenges of terrorism and extremism: PM Modi
14.10: Requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the Line of Actual Control: PM Modi
India and China sign 12 agreements following talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping. The pacts include cooperation in railways, outer space and culture.
14.08: Agreements on 2 Chinese industrial parks & commitment to $20 billion Chinese investments in 5 years signed.
14.07: Modi thanks President Xi for opening new additional route to Kailash Mansarovar.
14.04: Will begin process of discussion on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster broader cooperation on energy security: PM Modi
14.02: Border peace is important: PM Modi
14.01: Pact on making Shanghai and Mumbai twin-cities signed.
14.00: 5-year economic and trade development plan signed
Respect for each other's sensitivities & concerns and, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential - @PMOIndia
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
13.57: Prime Minister Modi's statement underway.
13.55: MoU on peaceful use of outer space signed.
13.54: MoU on cooperation between cultural institutions between the two countries signed.
12.35: Tibetan protesters detained for sloganeering outside Hyderabad House where bilateral talks are underway. Read more
Policemen detain a Tibetan youth activist during a protest near the Taj Hotel where the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping is staying in New Delhi on Thursday. The protest was held against alleged human rights abuses of Tibetans by the Chinese government. Photo: AP
12.17: Meeting between the two leaders underway. PM Narendra Modi is expected to raise the incursion issue with the Chinese President. The leaders are expected to make a joint statement at 12:30 p.m. Read here
Comprehensive discussion. @PMOIndia & Prez Xi discuss all sensitive issues of concern, at length, during talks.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
Following discussions yesterday @PMOIndia & Prez Xi addressing substantive issues in restricted session now. pic.twitter.com/9wGWdfye4J
Read: Tibetans in Delhi want Mr. Modi to speak up for them
11.30: Chinese First Lady interacts with schoolchildren at Tagore International School in Delhi.
11.12: PM Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands at Hyderabad House and proceed for their meeting.
11.08: President Xi Jinping meets PM Narendra Modi at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
President Xi Jinping meeting PM @narendramodi at Rashtrapati Bhavan. @RashtrapatiBhvn pic.twitter.com/lCkYcyCh7q
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 18, 2014
11.05: Minister for External Affairs, Sushma Swaraj took to Twitter to welcome Chinese President Xi.
Ge xia, wo hen huanying nin dao yindu lai - I extend a very warm welcome to you in India - @SushmaSwaraj to Prez Xi. pic.twitter.com/XGGmg1hjCf
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
10.54: Modi raises issue of Chinese incursions with Xi
The Chinese Army has reportedly made a fresh incursion into the Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir and refused to go back. According to Indian Army sources, nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers moved inside the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh region on Thursday. The Indian Army has rushed three battalions to the LAC in the area. This comes a day after a flag meeting between the two countries. Read here | Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory
Video: Issues of substance already raised at highest level with China, says MEA
9.30: The Chinese President pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat
Mr. Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir after their visit to Rajghat. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
Mr. Xi along with his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir after paying homage to the Father of The Nation Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Samdhi,Rajghat, in New Delhi. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
9.00: Guard of honour presented to Xi
President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping inspecting a Guard of Honour, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
Read: India-China pacts likely to bring in $100 billion
Officials confirm that many agreements will be signed in the presence of the two leaders on Thursday dealing with tourism and student exchanges, cultural MoUs between several institutions, including the National Museum, railway infrastructure, banks, and technology assistance on irrigation. Read here
China, India should take strategic ties to higher plane: Xi
Mr. Xi said he had come to India with three goals aimed at strengthening bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies. Read here
8.00: Modi, Xi mix business and leisure
The strong note of symbolism, ceremony and camaraderie between the two leaders set the stage for substantive talks to be held in New Delhi on Thursday. Read here
September 17, 2014: In a first, Mr. Modi received Mr. Xi in Ahmedabad, the commercial capital of Gujarat on Wednesday afternoon. Key aspects of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping watching folk dance in Ahmedabad on September 17. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Editorial: A historic opportunity
President Xi’s visit may provide Narendra Modi a rare chance to seize the moment by stating India’s political intent on solving the border row between the two countries, beginning with measurable steps to clarify the Line of Actual Control, and to root out border incidents. Read here
RELATED NEWS

Divya Jyoti Industries  AGM on Sept 29  2014Sep 18, 2014, 03.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Divya Jyoti Industries' AGM on Sept 29, 2014
Divya Jyoti Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Divya Jyoti Industries' AGM on Sept 29, 2014
Divya Jyoti Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Divya Jyoti Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Gold sinks to 8-1/2 month low after Fed raises rate projectionsGold sinks to 8-1/2 month low after Fed raises rate projections
Scotland referendum: World holds its breath  mostly hoping Scots vote  NoScotland referendum: World holds its breath  mostly hoping Scots vote  No
Chinese President s movement causes traffic jams in DelhiChinese President s movement causes traffic jams in Delhi
Stable Afghanistan important for India and China: ModiStable Afghanistan important for India and China: Modi
Iran oil imports jump 50 per cent in Jan-AugIran oil imports jump 50 per cent in Jan-Aug
Xi Jinping pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi at RajghatXi Jinping pays homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat
Over 2 million displaced in India due to natural disasters in 2013Over 2 million displaced in India due to natural disasters in 2013
Highlights of Modi-Xi joint statementHighlights of Modi-Xi joint statement
Prefer M&M  may test Rs 1450-1500: Sahil Kapoor01:30 pm
Sahil Kapoor, Assistant VP- Retail Capital Markets at Edelweiss Financial Services told CNBC-TV18, "I would prefer to go with Bajaj Auto  or possibly Mahindra and Mahindra  (M&M). In that space M&M would be a better bet rather than Hero Motocorp . There is a clear doji pattern that was formed yesterday and we are seeing good volumes happening. Although the percentage change is smaller in M&M but I think it is outperforming the Nifty by 10 percent in the last three months and even the indices by 10 percent. So I would want to go with the outperformer and expect it to touch Rs 1450-1500 levels in the short-term."
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 59.61 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.38. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 5.15. The dividend yield of the company was 1 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Kamalakshi Finance shifts its registered office addressSep 18, 2014, 03.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kamalakshi Finance shifts its registered office address
Kamalakshi Finance Corpn has informed that the Registered office of the Company has been shifted to B-411, Crystal Plaza, New Link Road, Opp. Infinity Mall, Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400 053 w.e.f. September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kamalakshi Finance shifts its registered office address
Kamalakshi Finance Corpn has informed that the Registered office of the Company has been shifted to B-411, Crystal Plaza, New Link Road, Opp. Infinity Mall, Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400 053 w.e.f. September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kamalakshi Finance Corpn Ltd has informed BSE that the Registered office of the Company has been shifted from 306, Dalamal Chambers, Behind Aayakar Bhavan, New Marine Lines, Mumbai - 400 020 to B-411, Crystal Plaza, NewLink Road, Opp. Infinity Mall, Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400 053 w.e.f. September 15, 2014.Further note that constitution of Board of the Company has been also changed by appointing new Directors in place of existing Directors. - Name of Appointed Directors:1) Mr. Dheeraj shah2) Mrs. Sheetal Dheeraj Shah- Name of Resigned Directors:1) Mr. Chandresh kapilmuni Upadhyay2) Mr. Suneel Kumar Upadhyay3) Mr. Arvind Sadashankar UpadhyaySource : BSE

TN directs 2 varsities not to implement UGC circular on teaching HindiTN directs 2 varsities not to implement UGC circular on teaching Hindi
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 18:  
Maintaining its opposition to the “imposition” of Hindi in the State, the Tamil Nadu Government today directed two universities not to implement the UGC circular and said the decision taken by the previous UPA Government would not be binding on it.
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said the move, amounting to “imposing Hindi”, had been initiated during the rule of the previous Government.
She said the two institutions — Anna University and Alagappa University — had received the circular on September 16, 2014, where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in the law and commerce streams also.
She said this decision was taken at the meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti (National Hindi Council) on July 28, 2011, under then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
The Council then said students in Gujarat either graduated by studying English or Hindi, thus resulting in lack of translation skills in Central departments and UGC had been asked to ensure Hindi was also taught along with English, she said in a statement here.
“From this, it is clear that the effort to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken in this July 28, 2011, meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti,” she said.
Jayalalithaa also questioned why DMK, then a part of the Congress-led UPA, remained silent, though it opposed the move now. She said her party’s stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking States.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on States not speaking the language, while the communication between the Centre and such States, classified as ‘Zone C’, should only be in English, as mandated later.
“Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu,” she said.
At a time when she had raised the demand that Tamil be made the official language and accorded the same status in the Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the State to teach Hindi along with English “is not only unacceptable, but also against the law,” she said.
She said in various streams in universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
“I have asked the Chief Secretary of the State to advice universities in the State to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011, will not be binding on them,” she said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Selvel Sharad Ratna awardsTweet
Kolkata, Sept 18:  
Selvel will host the 'Selvel Sharad Ratna – 2014' awards among over 200 Durga puja organisers in Kolkata. This a first such initiative by Selvel.
The best pujas will be awarded the “Sharad Ratna”.
According to a release issued by Selvel, to facilitate participation and registration, teams will approach the various Puja committees.
Since the emphasis is on “Stree Shakti” (women empowerment), the judges panel will consist of ladies from various works of life namely artists, businesswomen and athletes.
Judges will visit the various pandals on Panchami and Shashti and then name the winners.
According to Selvel, the contest will have two categories – Maharatna and Ratnottam. Maharatna will feature big budget – those of over Rs 20 lakh pujas; while Ratnottam will feature those below Rs 20 lakh.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

L&T wins contract to build Adam Airbase in OmanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
L&T wins contract to build Adam Airbase in Oman
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Larsen & Toubro’s overseas subsidiary L&T Oman LLC has bagged a contract from the Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, the company said today.
“The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won an order from the Ministry of Defence, Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate,” a release issued here said.
The company, however, did not disclose the value of the contract.
“We have been gradually establishing our credentials in the Middle East, especially in Oman, as a construction organisation of calibre with the successful execution of many prestigious projects, including the Salalah International Airport.
“This order that we have won is a reaffirmation of our capability to deliver projects of magnitude and high criticality with superior quality within stipulated timelines,” company Senior Executive Vice-President (Infrastructure and Construction) S N Subrahmanyan said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Crisil launches inflation-linked G-Secs indexCrisil launches inflation-linked G-Secs index
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Largest domestic credit rating agency Crisil Research today launched the country’s first inflation-indexed government securities index (Crisil IIGS Index), which will track the performance of a portfolio of inflation-linked government securities.
Crisil believes the index will provide market participants an appropriate and easily accessible benchmark to measure and analyse the performance of such securities, the agency said in a statement.
That apart, this total return index seeks to capture the returns on inflation-linked securities due to coupon accruals and price change, both adjusted for inflation.
The launch comes as part of Crisil’s ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the debt market. In addition to this index, the agency currently maintains 37 indices across bond, gilts, money market, hybrid and commodity segments, which are used by asset managers for benchmarking their products and portfolios.
Crisil President Mukesh Agarwal said: “The launch of the index further endorses the agency’s status as a pioneer in debt and hybrid indices in the country. This index is expected to serve both as a benchmark and underlying index for investment products such as index funds.
“Crisil will continue to develop indices that help market participants gauge the performance of different asset classes and make investment decisions in an otherwise shallow debt market,” he said.
Currently, there is one such security, the 1.44 per cent inflation indexed government stock 2023 (linked to wholesale price index) issued in June 2013. Such securities provide inflation protection on both principal and coupon (interest) payments.
It may be noted that the agency already provides daily valuation of government securities, including mutual funds for determination of net asset value of funds, to investors.
Senior director for capital markets Sandeep Sabharwal said: “We believe the Crisil IIGS Index will meet the need for an appropriate benchmark index for these funds.”
He further noted that since its launch in 2013, the inflation-linked government security has gained some popularity in the mutual funds space. Two inflation-linked funds have already been launched and a few are in the pipeline.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Sensex soars 462 points on India  China trade pactsSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Peace at borders important  says Modi to XiChina dashes $100-bn hope, to invest $20 bn over 5 years
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The expectation of a $100-billion Chinese investment in India got reduced on Thursday as the country committed itself to investing only $20 billion here over five years. The issue of border tension between India and China also came up during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on the second day of the former’s maiden visit to the country.
Modi, though, did not harp much on the issue of defining the line of actual control (LAC) and incursions as strongly as was expected, a top official in the know of what transpired behind closed doors told Business Standard.
Modi had appeared unusually relaxed in a beige kurta and an off-white Nehru jacket as he sat for the much-awaited bilateral talks with an exuberant Xi at the swish Hyderabad House here.
ALSO READ:  Rahul Jacob: Mr Xi's Big Lie
The prime minister said it was imperative to settle the issue of border dispute soon, as that would help gain mutual trust and confidence. “Clarification of LAC will greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility. We should seek an early settlement of the boundary question,” Modi said, adding in the same breath, border-related agreements and confidence-building measures between the two sides “worked well”.
ALSO READ:  Will support India's UNSC bid, says China
Many said the new stance — without the usual rhetoric, in a departure from the practice of previous prime ministers — signalled pragmatism. According to another official, Modi was “determined” that this time he would show the Chinese government that India meant business and not just crying foul over border issues.
ALSO READ:  Dalai Lama bats for strong Indo-China relations
On his part, Xi said many incursions took place due to non-demarcation of the border. “China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date.”
He also said China believed in having “peace and harmony” with its neighbours and would be ready to support India’s permanent membership to the United Nations Security Council, provided the border dispute was settled. “We will support India’s seat in the UN Security Council. But both neighbours might have to encounter some problems before that. We would first like to settle the border issue in a way that is fair, mutual and acceptable to both,” Xi said while addressing an event organised by the Indian Council of World Affairs (ICWA).
ALSO READ:  The curious case of $100 bn
Apart from signing as many as 15 memoranda of understanding (MoUs) over two days — plus the 27 that were signed among private firms of both countries — China committed itself to investing $20 billion in India over five years across all sectors of the economy.
Earlier, there were reports that China might commit $100 billion worth of investments in India’s infrastructure development, though there was no official word from Beijing. Had it been so, the Chinese commitment would have been more than the $35 billion promised by Japan during Modi’s recent visit to Tokyo.      
ALSO READ:  Chinese footprint in India
Ahead of Xi’s visit, Chinese embassy officials had briefed Indian scholars that the investment promised would be $100 billion. How this figure came down to $20 billion remained a mystery, the scholars confessed.
The $55 billion investment by Japan and China is 5.13 per cent of the $1.07 trillion the Confederation of Indian Industry reckons India would need to build its infrastructure over the 2014-19 period. The Chinese commitment is 1.86 per cent of this requirement.
In the past 10 years, China has invested $400 million in India. “We agreed that our economic relations did not do justice to our potential. I expressed concern over the slowdown in trade and the worsening trade imbalance. I sought his partnership in improving market access and investment opportunities for Indian companies in China. President Xi assured me of his commitment to taking concrete steps to address our concerns. I have invited Chinese investments in India's infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. I also apprised him about our new policies and administrative steps in this area,” Modi said after his meeting with Xi.
China said it would set up two industrial parks — one each in Gujarat and Maharashtra — which would act as both manufacturing and export hubs. The initial plan is to manufacture power equipment and then gradually expand to making electronic goods and telecom equipment. These parks are expected to be spread over 1,250 acres.
China will also actively participate in developing the country’s rusty rail network. For this, the Chinese seem to have developed a two-pronged strategy. On the one hand, they will increase speed on the existing railway line from Chennai to Mysore via Bangalore, with the Chinese side providing training in heavy haul for 100 Indian Railway officials. On the other, the two sides will cooperate in areas like redevelopment of existing railway stations and setting up of a railway university here. India is also considering cooperating with China on a high-speed rail project.
According to Modi, these measures would open a “new chapter in our economic relations”. He later tweeted a wide range of issues were discussed over two days and both countries decided to “deepen the engagement”.
The issue of soaring trade deficit was highlighted by Modi in the strongest terms possible, sources said. The prime minister also sought improved access to Chinese markets for Indian products and easy investment opportunities for Indian companies.
An agreement was signed between Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng to address the problem of trade deficit by giving enhanced market access to Indian agricultural and pharmaceutical products, besides services. Ronen Sen, India's former ambassador to the US, said the Xi visit had changed the tone of India-China bilateral relationship. “We should stop looking at China from the way we used to. Today, trade and investments have become an integral part of the bilateral relationship. We need to economically integrate with them more, for our own benefit. We should, as Prime Minister Modi this time rightly did, change the predictability factor in our bilateral ties,” Sen said.
Earlier in the day, Chief of Army Staff Dalbir Singh Suhag and other generals had gone armed with detailed maps ahead of Defence Minister Arun Jaitley’s participation in a meeting with Xi. They had briefed the minister on the standoff in Chumar and about the ground situation on the demarcation of the border along the LAC.
MAJOR AGREEMENTS
ndia and China agree to resolve border dispute and define the Line of Actual Control soon
Both sides agree to look at greater cooperation on the issue of shared rivers
Take positive steps towards rebalancing bilateral trade and addressing the existing structural imbalance in trade
China to set up two industrial parks for 1,250 acres each in Gujarat and Maharashtra
China to invest $20 billion in various industrial and infrastructure development projects
Increase speed on the existing railway line from Chennai to Mysore via Bangalore
Chinese side will provide training in heavy haul for 100 Indian Railway officials
Cooperation in High Speed Rail project
Annual visits at the level of Heads of State/Government
City in each country would be identified for a smart city demonstration project
BCIM (Bangladesh, China, India, Myanmar) Economic Corridor to be expedited
Chinese side decided to open a new route for the Mansarovar Yatra through Nathu La Pass
China will be the partner country at the Delhi International Book Fair 2016.
ACTION ‘PACT’ DAY
Documents signed between India & China on Thursday
MoU on new route for Mansarovar pilgrimage
MoU to strengthen cooperation in railways
Action plan for cooperation in railway projects
Trade and economic development plan (includes $20-billion Chinese investment over five years)
Agreement on minutes of the 10th session of India-China joint economic group, for specific measures to enhance market access to Indian agricultural and pharma products, besides services
Agreement for audio-visual co-production
Agreement for cooperation in Customs
Agreement for peaceful use of space
Agreement for cooperation between cultural institutions
MoU for book fairs, etc
Work plan for cooperation in pharma standards, traditional medicine and drug testing
Agreement for sister city relationship between Mumbai and Shanghai
India welcomes Xi

iColytes vs Droids in the battle of the smartphoneiColytes vs ’Droids in the battle of the smartphone
By Lisa Pollack
Owning a non-Apple smartphone, running Android, is like being part of the Rebel Alliance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/875924fa-3a76-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK house prices jump 11.7% in year to JulyUK house prices jump 11.7% in year to July
By Sarah O’Connor and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/665f4b70-3d7e-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Head- Equity Research StanChart SecuritiesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Claire s opening branded shops inside Toys R UsWith a new CEO at its helm, struggling teen accessories retailer Claire’s plans to test new channels, including wholesaling to mass merchandise stores and opening Claire’s-branded spaces in some Toys ‘R’ Us stores in North America, the company said during an earnings... ( Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz )
Claire’s, which is based in Hoffman Estates, also plans to expand its branded shops to 100 Toys R Us stores in Europe.
The partnership helps shore up tween business at Toys R Us and exposes Claire’s to new customers. Both retailers have struggled during the past few years in the face of declining foot traffic and increased competition.
Two of the Claire’s store-within-a-store concepts will debut this week in New York's Toys R Us Times Square flagship and FAO Schwartz, which is owned by Toys R Us. They will be the only ones to offer ear piercing services.

Prosecutors in Warner tax evasion case grilled by appeals court judges2
Warner pleaded guilty last year to one count of tax evasion for failing to report more than $24 million in income and skirting $5.5 million in federal taxes on millions of dollars he hid for more than a decade at two Swiss banks. Prosecutors had been pushing for a sentence of at least one year in prison, partly to deter others from committing the same crime. Sentencing guidelines had called for a prison sentence of up to 57 months. His defense lawyers  had argued that many tax evaders were allowed to join an amnesty program and that, even among those criminally charged and convicted, more than half who had been sentenced received probation.
Ilana Rovner, a U.S. appeals court judge for the seventh circuit, said Wednesday that she had a problem reconciling why the government was seeking to throw out Warner’s sentence when many tax evaders get probation or might not be prosecuted at all. Also, the amount of tax he evaded was a fraction of what he has paid in taxes, she noted.
Warner has already paid a civil penalty for not reporting the offshore accounts and restitution for what he owed in back taxes and interest.
“He has paid a great deal in taxes,” Michelle Petersen, assistant U.S. attorney, acknowledged to Rovner. But Petersen said that $5.5 million was a lot of money to be missing from the Treasury Department.
Rovner also noted that prosecutors seem to be ignoring the “considerable discretion” of the district judge, Charles Kocoras, has in imposing a sentence. He is a “veteran” judge who “obviously agonized” over the decision, she said. 
Responded Petersen: “Judges make mistakes from time to time.”
Judge Michael Kanne noted that Warner’s guilty plea “saved the government some money” and that the appeals court “shouldn’t be the sentencing court.”
Judge Joel Flaum wondered why, if Warner’s conduct was so egregious, he was charged with only one count of tax evasion and why the government was seeking at minimum at least a year in prison.
Rovner chimed in, addressing Petersen: “You agreed to this.”
Judge Kanne noted that one count of tax evasion and a minimum prison sentence of a year “doesn’t sound like deterrence to me.”
Petersen responded that probation is a far more lenient sentence than the minimum of one year the government was seeking.
Responded Kanne: And “a year and a day is less than 57 months.”
Any prison sentence would have been a better deterrent than probation, Petersen said.
byerak@tribune.com

Following scandal  Air Force sets incentive pay for nuclear forceBy Dan Lamothe September 17 Follow @danlamothe
An unarmed U.S. Air Force LGM-30G Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile launches during an operational test at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif., Dec. 17, 2013. (U.S. Air Force photo by Airman 1st Class Yvonne Morales)
The Air Force is putting its money where its mouth is: Beginning Oct. 1, officers and enlisted personnel in its beleaguered nuclear missile force will get new financial incentives of up to $300 per month.
The move is part of the service’s effort to change the culture for personnel who operate some of the world’s most dangerous weapons, following a cheating scandal that embarrassed the Air Force earlier this year. Air Force Secretary Deborah James announced them Monday at the Air Force Association’s annual Air and Space Conference .
The move isn’t unexpected, but reaffirms that James and other senior Air Force leaders were serious about altering the way an assignment in the nuclear missile force is perceived by rank-and-file personnel. Air Force officials said in January that dozens of officers overseeing nuclear missiles at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana had been caught either cheating on a monthly launch proficiency test, or knew others who had and did not report them. At least 82 ultimately received some form of discipline.
In the weeks afterward, James and Lt. Gen. Stephen Wilson, chief of Global Strike Command, promised to do whatever they could to restore trust with the missileers. Many of them felt that their job, once high-profile during the Cold War, was now unappreciated. James touched on that again in announcing the incentives.
“People assigned to these demanding and exclusive nuclear positions take on an extraordinary amount of responsibility, workload and inspection rigor for the world’s most lethal weapons,” James said. “The nuclear mission is our number one mission and we’re going to compensate our airmen accordingly.”
The so-called Force Improvement Plan launched following the scandal also has scrutinized bomber squadrons and nuclear security forces units, which guard silos across the Midwest where the nuclear missiles are kept and manned.
In another change, the Air Force said recently that the security forces will get new camouflage uniforms, cold-weather equipment and “personal protective equipment that has been redesigned with the missile field mission in mind.” Rank-and-file airmen requested them, along with an upgraded fleet of vehicles that would be safer and more comfortable on the narrow, icy roads around missile sites. The vehicle request is still under review.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

The Air Force will now allow airmen to omit so help me God from enlistment oathsBy Abby Ohlheiser September 17 Follow @abbyohlheiser
The fourth U.S. Air Force F-35A Lightning II aircraft arrives at the 422nd Test and Evaluation Squadron at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, in this April 24, 2013, file photo. (Daniel Hughes/U.S. Air Force via Reuters)
After an airman was unable to complete his reenlistment because he omitted the part of a required oath that states “so help me God,” the Air Force changed its instructions for the oath .
Following a review of the policy by the Department of Defense General Counsel, the Air Force will now permit airmen to omit the phrase, should they so choose. That change is effective immediately, according to an Air Force statement.
“We take any instance in which Airmen report concerns regarding religious freedom seriously,” Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James said in the statement. “We are making the appropriate adjustments to ensure our Airmen’s rights are protected.
“The Air Force will be updating the instructions for both enlisted and commissioned Airmen to reflect these changes in the coming weeks, but the policy change is effective now. Airmen who choose to omit the words ‘So help me God’ from enlistment and officer appointment oaths may do so.”
The issue gained national attention in early September after a  letter from the American Humanist Association  outlined the case of an airman stationed at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada who was unable to complete his reenlistment after striking out the phrase in question on a form. The AHA said it was prepared to sue on religious freedom grounds unless the airman was allowed to reenlist without saying the phrase. The requirement, the AHA argued, violated the Establishment Clause of the U.S. Constitution.
The issue drew attention to a previously unnoticed rule change: The rules governing the Air Force’s enlistment oaths used to include a note stating that “Airmen may omit the words ‘so help me God,’ if desired for personal reasons.” That exception quietly disappeared in October 2013, after which the Air Force required the inclusion of the full oath for any enlistment or reenlistment.
Now, the airman’s paperwork “will be processed to completion,” the Air Force statement said.
“We are pleased that the U.S. Department of Defense has confirmed our client has a First Amendment right to omit the reference to a supreme being in his reenlistment oath,” Monica Miller, an attorney with the American Humanist Association’s Appignani Humanist Legal Center, said in an emailed statement.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Jailed Washington Post reporter is facing interrogation  Iranian official saysBy Mark Berman September 17 Follow @markberman
Jason Rezaian (right) and Yeganeh Salehi (EPA)
Jason Reizaian, a Washington Post reporter detained in Tehran nearly two months ago, remains imprisoned. And a senior Iranian official said Wednesday that Rezaian is being interrogated on unspecified charges .
“He is facing interrogation in Iran for what he has done as an Iranian citizen,” Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said in an interview with NPR .
Zarif did not say why Rezaian, a dual American and Iranian citizen, was arrested or what charges he may be facing. He said Iran’s judiciary has “no obligation to explain” any charges  to the United States .
“His lawyers know. He knows his charge. I’m not supposed to know, but he knows his charge,” Zarif said, adding that the judiciary operates independently.
Zarif is in New York for negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program.
The Iranian government has said little about Rezaian’s case since he was detained July 22, and according to his family, he has not had access to a lawyer. His wife, Iranian journalist Yeganeh Salehi, and two others, a photojournalist and her husband, were arrested at the same time. The State Department has called on Iran to release Rezaian and Salehi, and The Washington Post has expressed concerns about their welfare (along with Rezaian’s health, as he has high blood pressure and requires daily medication).
Head here for more.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Use of euro-renminbi options surges© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5969747c-3ed7-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CEO & CIO EM Capital ManagementCEO & CIO
EM Capital Management
Seth R. Freeman is the CEO and Chief Investment Officer of EM Capital Management, LLC, the independent emerging and frontier markets asset management firm based in San Francisco. He is a frequent traveler to India. Seth has over 20 years experience in emerging and frontier markets investment strategies, consulting and asset management including private equity, listed securities, registered and private funds and real estate across a wide range of industries. He is widely recognized as an expert in creating innovative emerging and frontier markets investment strategies and structuring marketentry platforms designed to reduce risk and minimize tax impacts for the benefit of investors. Since 2004, Seth has focused on creating and implementing India-related products and services, including a registered mutual fund, private funds and soon QIP separate accounts, consistent with his and EM Capital`s long-term view on India and India-related investments. He has expertise in identifying and examining businesses that appear poised for rapid growth with additional capital and management and conversely identifying and analyzing causes of under-performance, including fraud, and the viability of a turnaround and/or restructuring. Seth is a frequent speaker on the subject of investing in India and more broadly on emerging and frontier markets, sharing his strategic and tactical insights at major professional events as well as MBA programs at Harvard, Wharton, UC Berkeley Haas, NYU, Columbia, Chicago Booth and Thunderbird. He is a frequent contributor on CNBC, CNBC Awaaz (India), NDTV-Profit (India), ET NOW (India) and Bloomberg UTV TV and for numerous financial publications. In 2011, Seth was named one of the "25 Most Influential Thought Leaders on the Future of India`s Financial Markets." Seth earned his MBA in International Management from Thunderbird, the Global School of Management and is an Executive in Residence of the Thunderbird Global Financial Services Center. He is a Certified Insolvency & Restructuring Advisor and was an editor of the monthly Journal of Corporate Renewal published by the Turnaround Management Association. Seth is an active member of US Social Investment Forum and advocates incorporating ESG factors (environment, social and governance) in evaluating investment performance and returns of prospective and portfolio assets.
ABOUT Seth R Freeman
Seth R. Freeman is the CEO and Chief Investment Officer of EM Capital Management, LLC, the independent emerging and frontier markets asset management firm based in San Francisco. He is a frequent traveler to India. Seth has over 20 years experience in emerging and frontier markets investment strategies, consulting and asset management including private equity, listed securities, registered and private funds and real estate across a wide range of industries. He is widely recognized as an expert ...

Chief Asian Equity Strategist NomuraChief Asian Equity Strategist
Nomura
Michael Kurtz is the Global Head of Equity Strategy based in Hong Kong. Michael first joined Nomura in October 2011 as Chief Asia Equity Strategist and was appointed to his current role in March 2012. Prior to joining Nomura, Michael was Asian regional equity strategist at Macquarie Securities Hong Kong. He was China strategist and head of China research when he first joined Macquarie in Shanghai in 2008. Michael has over 15 years of experience in the financial industry and has worked in IDEAglobal in New York as an Asian FX strategist and in Polyconomics as an emerging markets analyst. Michael earned an MBA and an MA in International Relations from George Washington University, and BA in Political Science from The Pennsylvania State University. He also studied at National Taiwan University in Taipei and Nankai University in Tianjin, PRC.
ABOUT Michael Kurtz
Michael Kurtz is the Global Head of Equity Strategy based in Hong Kong. Michael first joined Nomura in October 2011 as Chief Asia Equity Strategist and was appointed to his current role in March 2012. Prior to joining Nomura, Michael was Asian regional equity strategist at Macquarie Securities Hong Kong. He was China strategist and head of China research when he first joined Macquarie in Shanghai in 2008. Michael has over 15 years of experience in the financial industry and has worked in IDEAglo...

Expect to complete NSE stake sale by Sept 30: IFCIWe are not looking to sell beyond 2.5% stake in NSE in the near future
Malay Mukherjee
CEO, MD
IFCI
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Malay Mukherjee, CEO & MD,  Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) spoke about the latest happenings in the company and road ahead.
Mukherjee said the company has received three bids for its 2.5 percent stake in National Stock Exchange (NSE) and the stake sale is in the process of evolution. He expects the process to be over by September 30.
He further added that government might hike its stake in IFCI via the preferential share route. The government holds 55 percent of IFCI equity and wants to support the company in a big way, he said.
Speaking about the company’s financials , he said IFCI has not seen much slippage in this quarter and recoveries are on target. However, credit growth seen in FY15 won’t be as good as anticipated earlier, he said.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Malay Mukherjee’s interview with CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal
Ekta: First wanted to ask you about reports that indicate that IFCI has received three bids for its stake in NSE. Could you confirm this for us?
A: We have received three bids for 2.5 percent divestment in NSE but bids are in the process of evaluation.
Anuj: Whom are these bids from and at how much of a premium have the bids been received?
A: This is not seen by me. There is a committee specified for this purpose consisting of executive of IFCI who will be opening the bid in the presence of the persons who have given the bid and then process will be on. At the moment the process is going on. After that whoever is the highest bidder will be declared, then it has to go to my board and then only I can intimate you the exact details.
Ekta: When will the stake sale be completed by according to you?
A: We expect it to be over all inclusive by September 30.
Anuj: Would you be looking to sell additional stake in NSE?
A: We are not going to do that in near future.
Ekta: I wanted to ask you about an update with regards to IFCI putting up DB Realty’s 2 acres sea facing property in Mumbai on the block. Can you give us a status update on that and where does it stand?
A: We have done that and still time is there for bids to be received. So, once the bids are received then only we will be in a position to tell you what is happening. We understand a lot of buyers have come and visited the property. So, a lot of people are showing interest on that particular property.
Anuj: What is the reason for such a step and how much do you have outstanding from DB Realty?
A: It will not be proper to divulge the details of the clients outstanding in the books. However, I can only say that our outstanding is much less compared to the value of the security. So, we are well covered with that and we have absolutely no doubt that this money will come back to us very soon.
Anuj: Have you heard from DB Realty and any opposition faced by IFCI on the same reason that you mentioned that the collateral value is much higher than outstanding?
A: They did try to go to the various legal forums to put a stay on that which has not been granted because if the property is sold the surplus amount is given back to the company. So, that is not an issue. However, their effort to stay the proceedings has not been allowed by various legal authorities.
Ekta: The other divestment plans that IFCI had spoken about was that the company is looking to exit IFCI Financial Services. Could you give us a sense on where things stand with that?
A: It is true. The same process is on for that also. Along with NSE the process was on going. For NSE as I told you three bids have come. For other company, IFCI Financial Services, still time is there. 25th is the last date on which we are expecting to bids to come.
Ekta: How much are you looking to sell and valuations?
A: 94.5 percent we are trying to divest there. So, almost entire stake we are going to divest.
IFCI stock price
On November 21, 2014, IFCI closed at Rs 40.00, up Rs 0.45, or 1.14 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 44.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 21.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.50 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.43. The latest book value of the company is Rs 40.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.99.

Merger: INOX Leisure upSep 18, 2014, 02.14 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
INOX Leisure up 5.5% on likely Satyam Cineplexes merger
INOX Leisure had bought Satyam earlier this year for Rs 182 crore in order to expand its presence and compete with market leader PVR Cinemas.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
INOX Leisure up 5.5% on likely Satyam Cineplexes merger
INOX Leisure had bought Satyam earlier this year for Rs 182 crore in order to expand its presence and compete with market leader PVR Cinemas.
Post your opinion here
Read more at: http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/buzzing-stocks/crompton2-citi-advises-buypotential-asset-sale_1182301.html?utm_source=ref_article
Moneycontrol Bureau
Read more at: http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/buzzing-stocks/crompton2-citi-advises-buypotential-asset-sale_1182301.html?utm_source=ref_article
Shares of multiplex operator  INOX Leisure Limited rallied as much as 5.5 percent on Thursday on news that the company is mulling a merger with its wholly-owned subsidiary Satyam Cineplexes Limited (Satyam).
INOX Leisure had bought Satyam earlier this year for Rs 182 crore in order to expand its presence and compete with market leader  PVR Cinemas.
With this acquisition, INOX Leisure increased its screen count to 358, with 91 multiplexes across 50 cities.
The INOX Leisure board will be meeting on September 25 to decide on the merger.
Deepak Asher, president and director- INOX Leisure (in an interview to CNBC-TV18) said that the merger with Satyam makes sense so that they can enjoy combined benefits of the revenue.
“Satyam is amongst the best properties in the multiplex industry and our own average ticket price on a blended basis has witnessed a significant growth because of Satyam ticket prices being almost the highest in the industry, so all that is a positive,” he further added.
At 11:50 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 169.95, up Rs 6.90, or 4.23 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Ritika Dange

Ex-Rights: NCC surgesSep 18, 2014, 11.09 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NCC goes ex-rights today, stock surges 9%
NCC issued 29.93 lakh equity shares at Rs 20 apiece (including premium of Rs 18 per share) and allotted in the ratio of seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NCC goes ex-rights today, stock surges 9%
NCC issued 29.93 lakh equity shares at Rs 20 apiece (including premium of Rs 18 per share) and allotted in the ratio of seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  NCC gained more than 9 percent intraday Thursday after the stock adjusted for rights issue. The infrastructure company raised Rs 598.70 crore through this rights issue.
It issued 29.93 lakh equity shares on rights basis at Rs 20 apiece (including premium of Rs 18 per share) and allotted shares in the ratio of seven shares on rights basis for every six shares held.
Meanwhile, Warhol Limited sold 47.14 lakh equity shares of NCC at Rs 70.15 while OHM Equity Solution India bought 14 lakh shares at Rs 71.07 through block deals on Wednesday.
The company had reported a loss of Rs 20.52 crore in the quarter ended June 2014 as against profit of Rs 5.84 crore in the year-ago period. Revenues during the same period increased to 1,808.89 crore from Rs 1,617.4 crore.
At 10:43 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 46.95, up Rs 3.07, or 7 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Banking stocks  PSU OMCs gainBanking stocks  PSU OMCs gain
Sensex rises more than 400 pts on Fed meetStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

Hero MotoCorp hits record high on Rs 1 600 crore capex planHero MotoCorp hits record high on Rs 1,600 crore capex plan
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 01:41 PM IST
Hero MotoCorp has moved higher by nearly 5% to Rs 2,969, extending its previous day’s 2% gain on BSE, after the company said it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh.
“The company on September 16, 2014 has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the State Government of Andhra Pradesh to set-up a manufacturing plant in Chittoor district of the state of Andhra Pradesh,” Hero MotoCorp said in a press release.
The plant with an investment of Rs 1,600 crore approx will have a production capacity of around 1.8 million per annum, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 2,835 and touched a low of Rs 2,824 on BSE. A combined 334,317 shares changed hands on the counter so far BSE and NSE.
 

Sensex surges over 450 points | Mobius: Very bullish on IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex on a roll, surges over 450 points; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(US Federal Reserve announced…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart recovery after starting the day on a muted note amid US Fed worries of interest rate hike. The index rose as much as 529 points in trade led by gains in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank , ITC and TCS.
US Federal Reserve announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month. It also made clear that record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months.
The BSE Sensex rallied as much as 401 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to bounce back and is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 2:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,103.45 up 472.16 points.
The Nifty was at 8110.70, up 135.2 points.
Most analysts hold the view that even if US Federal Reserve decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected it will be less disastrous for India than other emerging markets because macros have improved significantly.
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. Higher U.S. interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps as compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase in foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past Indian market hit the all-time high. So correction will definitely be there but not as much as we see in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1.59 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 2.5 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.06 per cent), HDFC (up 3.08 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 3.06 per cent), BHEL (up 2.9 per cent) and L&T (up 2.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 1.6 per cent), Infosys (down 0.72 per cent) and M&M (down 0.14 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 620 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1037
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 344
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 835 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 290
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 568
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 120
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2955 and a stop loss of Rs 2880
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1685 and a stop loss of Rs 1625
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 251
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 700 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 920 and a stop loss of Rs 682
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 501
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 480
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2560
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2540
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2290
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  China sign 12 agreementsIndia  China sign 12 agreements
India well insulated from Fed rate hike; see Sensex at 34 000 by March 2015: ExpertYou are here: Home > Collections
India well insulated from Fed rate hike; Sensex likely to hit 34000 by March 2015
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 04.46PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
("The Sensex is expected…)
In view of the fact that there is significant mispricing at current valuation levels, the expected returns are much higher. In the bull case scenario, the Sensex is likely to move in a range of 26000-34000 by March 2015, says Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com .
Q) The rumours on the Street are spreading fast that the US Federal Reserve might just raise interest rates sooner than expected. Will it impact India or other emerging markets? Iif yes, then why?
Despite the rumours, the US Fed's rate increases are not a given in the next few days. It is possible that the Fed would wait a little bit after the bond buying stops and then start on raising interest rates. So we may have to wait for several months before the interest rates are increased.
The immediate reaction for emerging market investments will be a little bit of pull out. However, it doesn't look like it will be more than 5-10% correction. There will be an impact on the currency too due to the dollar demand in the near term.
However, as far as India is concerned, it is moving towards much better fundamentals compared to most emerging markets. Hence it is likely that money will start moving out of other emerging markets and India might start getting more allocations. Of course, that will depend on India's performance on the fundamental economic front.
Q) Where do you seen the Indian markets (Sensex/Nifty) heading in the next 12 months (December and March 2015). How valuations stack up compared to historic levels?
We expect the Nifty to be in the range of 8000-10000 by March 2015. The bear view is 5700-6000.
The Sensex is expected to be in the range of 26000-34000 by March 2015. The bear view is 18000-21000.
The current price to book ratio is 2.9 for the Nifty. Valuations are still below fair value as seen in the table below. Further, there is significant mispricing at these valuation levels.
So, the expected returns of the Nifty are high, as well as the chances of beating the Nifty are still higher for a systematic value investing strategy. However, most fund managers are unlikely to achieve that.
Q) Despite infusion of liquidity by the government, the worst is still not over for China. On the other hand, India has managed to revive growth and revive manufacturing output. However, CLSA in its recent report said that the Chinese economy will be as big ($21 trillion) as the US economy by 2020. Do you agree?
The Chinese economy figures are not exactly what they are stated to be. There are numerous instances in the past 3 decades when economists have been able to point out specific instances when the provincial and national GDP figures have been inconsistent.
Similarly, there have been inconsistencies in key economic figures like freight and electricity consumption, which are a necessary component of GDP growth when these have been highly uncorrelated with GDP growth.
So, while it is possible that the Chinese economy will be big, it is unlikely that it could cross the US figures that early. If the US economy slows significantly, then the Chinese economy will not be insulated from that either. So a faster Chinese growth means that the global developed market economy should do well (which are the customers of Chinese exports).
Given that Chinese fundamentals are not fully health, it is unlikely that it will have a faster growth rate over the next 5-6 years consistently.
Q) Everybody wants to 'Sell high and buy low'. But, does that always work for traders or investors? Is there a way of gauging the right time to buy or sell? If not, what should investors keep in mind while using this strategy?
There are extensive studies which show that hardly any trader gets this right. Probably 0.1% of all traders are able to do this and it is highly unlikely that they can sustain that performance for long periods of time. A look at the attrition numbers in the trading desk of any large trading outfit will show that traders cannot do this.
Value investing is probably the only consistent way of doing this. The correct way to gauge the right time to buy is when the market is pricing a stock significantly below its conservatively estimated intrinsic value based on a conservative projection of cash flows and an appropriate discount rate, i.e. buy with a huge margin of safety.
One sells when the stock is close to its conservatively estimated intrinsic value. An investor consistently doing this is going to come out ahead in the long term, i.e. over a full bull and bear cycle.
Investors should be cautious and not try to beat the markets every day or even every year. They should just stick to buying when they can find stocks below their intrinsic value and if they cannot, then stay under invested and not sucked in by daily highs of the markets.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients?

Earlier investigations messed up Saradha probe:CBIPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:46 pm
The Special Crime branch of CBI, which started probing the multi-crore Saradha scam at the instance of Supreme Court three months back, said that the earlier investigations by multiple agencies had ‘disarrayed’ the matters.
“We started the investigation process three months back. But investigations made by SIT formed by the West Bengal government and the Economic Offences Cell also of the state government have messed up the entire probe process,” a CBI source informed.
He said that it was becoming difficult for the CBI, which was probing aspects like criminal conspiracy, misappropriation of funds and criminal breach of trust in the Saradha episode, to put things and stitch together.
Asked when CBI would be able to complete the probe process as the ED had said that it was expecting to file prosecution complaints by November, the source said, “ED had started the process since April 2013. We have started only three months back. It will take a reasonable amount of time”.
“But let us see. There is an apparent deadline of November and we are trying our best,” the source said.
So far, CBI had made 10 arrests and interrogated people like former Tara Channel chairman Rathikanta Basu, Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose, officials of IRCTC and others.
He also alleged lack of cooperation from the state police and authorities. The source said that CBI was also hamstrung by severe lack of manpower.
“Given the scope and magnitude of the probe, there is a severe lack of manpower in CBI and also no exclusive law officer was dedicated to this”, the source said.

UK Muslims appeal to ISIS seeking release of British hostage AlanHenningPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:41 pm
Over 100 Muslim clerics, groups and individuals in the UK have made a united appeal to the Islamic State terror group to show mercy and release a British hostage under their captivity.
In a letter published in ‘The Independent’ newspaper, they have called on the extremists to show mercy to the 47-year-old aid worker Alan Henning from Salford in England.
The letter cites verses from the Quran against killing, and appeals to the kidnappers to release Henning immediately.
“British Muslim communities have done a great deal to speak out over the evils of terrorism over many years. We will continue to do everything within our power to prevent any other young man or woman getting caught up in this poisonous ideology,” the letter reads.
More than 100 British Muslim imams, organisations and individuals have added their name to the open letter to express their “horror and revulsion” at the “senseless murder” of Briton David Haines and the threat to the life of Henning.
Dr Shuja Shafi of the Muslim Council of Britain, one of the signatories, said: “Such a man should be celebrated, not incarcerated. Taking such people hostage, and murdering them, are against the principles laid out in the Quran and our Prophetic traditions.”
Henning, a taxi driver, was kidnapped within 30 minutes of crossing from Turkey into Syria. He had volunteered to drive an ambulance full of medical aid as part of a community-funded charity trip organised by volunteers from Bolton, England, and the UK Arab Society.
It is believed he was abducted by the Islamic State (IS) in Al Dana, a town 38km from Aleppo.
Reports suggest he was separated from Muslim counterparts by masked men. Friends who travelled with him said they made desperate attempts to get him freed before returning to the UK.
Video footage of Henning, filmed before he was captured in Syria, has shown him describing his trips to the country.
He said: “It’s all worthwhile when you see what is needed, as you get where it needs to go. That makes it all worthwhile.”
Henning had appeared at the end of the video released on Saturday in which Haines was beheaded by IS.

Earlier investigations messed up Saradha probe: CBIPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:46 pm
The Special Crime branch of CBI, which started probing the multi-crore Saradha scam at the instance of Supreme Court three months back, said that the earlier investigations by multiple agencies had ‘disarrayed’ the matters.
“We started the investigation process three months back. But investigations made by SIT formed by the West Bengal government and the Economic Offences Cell also of the state government have messed up the entire probe process,” a CBI source informed.
He said that it was becoming difficult for the CBI, which was probing aspects like criminal conspiracy, misappropriation of funds and criminal breach of trust in the Saradha episode, to put things and stitch together.
Asked when CBI would be able to complete the probe process as the ED had said that it was expecting to file prosecution complaints by November, the source said, “ED had started the process since April 2013. We have started only three months back. It will take a reasonable amount of time”.
“But let us see. There is an apparent deadline of November and we are trying our best,” the source said.
So far, CBI had made 10 arrests and interrogated people like former Tara Channel chairman Rathikanta Basu, Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose, officials of IRCTC and others.
He also alleged lack of cooperation from the state police and authorities. The source said that CBI was also hamstrung by severe lack of manpower.
“Given the scope and magnitude of the probe, there is a severe lack of manpower in CBI and also no exclusive law officer was dedicated to this”, the source said.

Stock futures higher ThursdayBy: William Cummings September 18, 2014 3:28 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were higher Thursday, as voters in Scotland head to the polls in an historic referendum on independence from England.
Here is where major market indexes stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated at 6:10 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.32%
S&P 500: + 0.36%
Nasdaq: + 0.34%
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 178.9 points, or 1.13%, to 16,067.57 points and the Shanghai Composite climbed 8.03 points, or 0.35%, to 2,315.93 points, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index lost 207.69 points, or 0.85%, to 24,168.72.
European benchmarks gained with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.50%, Germany’s DAX up 0.96% and France’s CAC-40 up 0.75%.
 

Transoceanic Properties appoints Dipesh Anupkumar Mistry as Company Secretary and CFOSep 18, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Transoceanic Properties appoints Dipesh Anupkumar Mistry as Company Secretary and CFO
Transoceanic Properties Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Dipesh Anupkumar Mistry, a qualified Company Secretary and a Member of Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) has been appointed as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer as well as Chief Finance Officer as the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company effective September 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Transoceanic Properties appoints Dipesh Anupkumar Mistry as Company Secretary and CFO
Transoceanic Properties Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Dipesh Anupkumar Mistry, a qualified Company Secretary and a Member of Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) has been appointed as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer as well as Chief Finance Officer as the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company effective September 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Transoceanic Properties Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Dipesh Anupkumar Mistry, a qualified Company Secretary and aMember of Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) has been appointed as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer as well as Chief Finance Officer as the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company effective September 01, 2014 as per the Board Resolution passed by the Board of Directors of the Company.Source : BSE

SBI tops mobile banking chart with 50% market shareSBI tops mobile banking chart with 50% market share
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Largest lender State Bank of India has emerged as the leader in mobile banking with 50 per cent market share in this segment.
“SBI, with over 1.15 crore registered mobile banking customers, has become the indisputable market leader in this segment and way ahead of the nearest competitor in the market with 50 per cent market share,” the bank said. The bank attributed the numbers to the Reserve Bank data.
Currently, the bank’s user base for mobile banking is around 4.5 per cent of total retail customer base.
It expects a rapid growth in the user base reaching around 10-12 per cent of the total retail customer base over the next two years and around 30-35 per cent of the total retail customer base over the next five years.
“The country has just witnessed the launch of message- banking. We are confident that once this is understood by people, there will be an explosion of banking activities in the mobile space. This is what the future of banking holds,” SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said, adding mobile banking will also play a large part in the yet-to-be-launched payment banks.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Tata Capital Housing announces special home loan offersTata Capital Housing announces special home loan offers
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Tata Capital Ltd's housing finance subsidiary, Tata Capital Housing Finance Ltd (TCHFL), today announced a new scheme for the affordable housing segment, across Tier II and Tier III cities, semi-rural areas and the urban poor segment.
“With the launch of this special scheme, properties falling under the classification of rural housing as per the National Housing Bank guidelines will be offered home loans of up to Rs 15 lakh at a special interest rate of 9.75 per cent per annum, till the 31st of October, 2014. Another key sub-segment comprises the ‘urban poor’ - which covers low-income housing in urban areas for urban low-income groups seeking housing loans up to Rs 10 lakh,” the company said in a statement.
It has set-up a dedicated vertical with reach across 50 locations to cater to the specialised housing financing needs of the segment.
R Vaithianathan, Managing Director, Tata Capital Housing Finance, said: “One of the areas of focus for Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited is affordable housing finance across the urban poor, smaller cities and semi-rural areas. There is a growing demand coming from this segment and the fulfillment of this demand will go a long way towards financial inclusion. This segment is also a high emphasis area for National Housing Bank (NHB) and NHB is positively supporting housing finance companies in this space.”
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

SBH launches settlement scheme for NPAsSBH launches settlement scheme for NPAs
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 18:  
State Bank of Hyderabad, a city-based public sector lender, has launched the ‘One Time Settlement Scheme’ for non-performing assets.
“The scheme is operative from September 1 to 30.
Borrowers/Guarantors, whose accounts have become NPAs due to default /failure to repay the interest / instalment or both, can now settle their dues under the schemes,” SBH said in a statement today.
Under the scheme, concessions will be offered under ‘compromise settlements’, the banker said, asking all eligible borrowers to contact the respective branch heads for further details and benefits of the scheme.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Apollo Tyres to commission greenfield facility in Hungary in 2017Apollo Tyres to commission greenfield facility in Hungary in 2017
BS Reporter |  Sep 18, 2014 01:48 PM IST
Apollo Tyres will commission the new production facility it is setting up in Hungary for Euro 475 million in 2017.
The company's board has approved the setting up of the facility that will have a total capacity of 5.5 million passenger car and light truck (PCLT) tyres and 675,000 heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) tyres per annum. The investment will be made over the next five years.
The facility, which will come up at the new industrial zone near Gyongyoshalasz, will produce both Apollo and Vredestein branded tyres, and will cater to the entire European market. Apollo Tyres already has an existing facility in the Netherlands.
Neeraj Kanwar, vice-chairman and managing director, Apollo Tyres, said: "This investment would be our first one into a greenfield facility outside of India and would be a significant milestone in the company's international growth journey. Our aim is to create a benchmark manufacturing facility, which would further increase our competitive strength in the European market."
The construction of the plant is expected to start in the spring of 2015 and the first tyre is likely to roll out in early 2017, the company said.
"Apart from providing direct job to 975 people, of which majority would be hired locally, this facility will also lead to creation of indirect jobs and contribute significantly to the development of the region," added Kanwar.
At present, Apollo Tyres has four manufacturing units in India, three in southern Africa and one in the Netherlands. The combined production capacity of all facilities put together is 1,700 tonnes per day.
The company decided to invest in the new facility in Eastern Europe after its $ 2.5 billion acquisition of US-based Cooper Tire fell through last year.

Jet expands overseas operations  adds new Gulf routesJet expands foreign base, adds new Gulf routes
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai: Sep 19, 2014 12:50 AM IST
In its schedule for the coming winter season, Jet Airways is expanding its international services, with new flights to Dubai, Doha and Abu Dhabi. The airline feels increasing foreign operations will boost foreign exchange earnings and offset rupee’s depreciation.
New services have been planned to Dubai from Kochi and Mumbai; Doha from Mumbai, Kozhikode and Thiruvanthapuram; and Abu Dhabi from Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Goa. The airline has already announced new flights to Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam via Bangkok from November, as well as additional flights on the Mumbai-Bangkok and Mumbai-Colombo routes. International operations account for 56 per cent of Jet’s overall revenue; the airline plans to increase this to about 60 per cent. It is scaling down domestic services, adding flights on short international routes, and exploring new flights to Yangon and Seychelles. It is also considering resuming services to Kuala Lumpur.
For 2013-14, Jet Airways reported a record loss of Rs 4,129 crore. Now, it is working on a three-year business plan to turn profitable by 2017. The plan includes financial restructuring, a new route-and-network plan and enhancing products. The airline’s expansion into the US has been hit by the fact that the Federal Aviation Administration (the aviation authority in the US) has downgraded India. Sources said due to this, the Jet Airways Boeing 777-300ERs, currently on lease to Turkish Airlines, would now be leased to Etihad, Jet’s equity partner.
Etihad will upgrade its Delhi-Abu Dhabi service from November, flying Boeing 777-300ER (leased from Jet Airways) instead of the narrow-bodied Airbus A320. Currently, it has two flights a day on the Abu Dhabi-Delhi route (A320 and A330). The airline is likely to add a third flight between Mumbai and Abu Dhabi, though this is yet to be finalised. Currently, Etihad flies 112 flights a week to 10 cities in India (rival Emirates operates 185 weekly flights).
Etihad and Jet Airways did not respond to email queries on their plans.

IKYA Group acquires Canadian firm BrainhunterIKYA Group acquires Canadian firm Brainhunter
T E Naasimhan | Chennai Sep 18, 2014 01:20 PM IST
IKYA Group, part of multinational Fairfax Financial Holdings, held through its Indian-listed subsidiary, Thomas Cook India Ltd, to acquire Brainhunter (Zylog Systems (Canada)) Limited, part of Chennai-based Zylong Systems. Both the companies have not disclosed the deal size.
In a statement IKYA Group today said that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Brainhunter (Zylog Systems (Canada)) Limited, subject to statutory and regulatory approvals. The company headquartered in Toronto (Canada), is a leading IT and Engineering professional firm, employing about 700 professionals and with revenues of about $80 milllion.
It may be noted in 2010, IT firm Zylog Systems has acquired Canada-based consulting firm Brainhunter for 35 million Canadian dollars (around Rs 150 crore).
IKYA's statement said that this acquisition would help IKYA position itself as a global IT staffing and Technology solutions group, with a strong footprint in the North American market. Brainhunter services several marquee clients, many of whom are in the Fortune 500 list and in addition counts on a number of Canadian government institutions as its major clients.
Ajit Isaac, chairman and managing director IKYA Group said that Brainhunter is a good brand with a solid management team that will serve as a spring board around which the Group will build our IT staffing business in North America. "The combination of Brainhunter's knowledge and depth in American markets along with IKYA's financial strength and execution capability will enable the creation of a market leading global IT staffing company," he said.
John Mehrmann, CEO, Brainhunter, added that to be a subsidiary of India's largest IT staffing company would give the company access to the largest technology talent pool in the world, an advantage that few companies in Canada have.
The combination of these two companies will create an IT staffing entity with a global presence across North America, Middle East, India & South East Asia employing around 11,000 IT professionals.
Brainhunter will benefit by having a long term, financially strong shareholder since IKYA is part of multinational Fairfax Financial Holdings, held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas Cook India Ltd.

Narendra Modi to launch  Make in India  campaign on Sep 25Narendra Modi to launch 'Make in India' campaign on September 25
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 16:22 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Seeking to make the country a global manufacturing hub, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to launch the ambitious 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of global and domestic CEOs on September 25.
Hundreds of global and domestic CEOs are expected to attend the function at Vigyan Bhavan here, an official said.
In his maiden independence day address, Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'come, make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be launched in countries having similar time zone as that of India.
The move is aimed at generating huge employment opportunities in the country besides boosting trade and economic growth .

Yamaha Fazer FI Version 2.0 launched at Rs.83 850When it comes to the deluxe segment especially, a motorcycle is chosen to reflect attitude, personality and style.
Express News Service | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 4:26 pm
 
Yamaha has officially launched the 2014 edition of Fazer in the form of the Fazer FI Version 2.0. The updated motorcycle will now retail at Rs. 83,850 (ex-showroom, Delhi), which is roughly Rs 5,000 more than the current model. Yamaha has decided to continue selling the previous generation carburetted Fazer on sale, along with the new fuel-injected version. The upgraded bike, which is a faired version of the popular FZ series, promises a lot of improvement on the aspects of both design as well as mechanicals, and will continue to carry on the positives of its predecessor as a capable touring machine.
The Fazer FI Version 2.0 will be powered by the reworked 149cc engine which made its premier in the recently upgraded FZ FI and FZ-S FI, and now pumps out a lesser output of 13.1 bhp of power and 12.8 Nm of torque. Though Yamaha claims that introduction of ‘Blue Core’ technology, along with the fuel injection system, makes up for the loss in power and torque as compared to the previous Fazer, with enhanced throttle response and power delivery. The power developed by the engine will continue to be supplied to the rear wheel through the same 5-speed gearbox as before.
On the looks and equipment front, the Fazer FI Version 2.0 is a comprehensive evolution over the previous Fazer, with a redesigned fuel tank, side and rear body panels, reworked fairing and introduction of new components such as fully digital instrument console, tail lamp, split pillion grab rails, pilot bulb on front fairing and rear tyre hugger. The suspension and brake units have been carried over from the carburetted variant, the tyres have been upgraded with softer compound and better tread design, retaining the same size as earlier.
About this new substantial upgrade of Fazer, Roy Kurian, Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Yamaha Motor Sales India Pvt Ltd, said, “We realize the ever changing requirements and preferences for our Indian motorcycle users. A new segment of young people in cities not only use motorcycle for commuting but also as a lifestyle statement.
When it comes to the deluxe segment especially, a motorcycle is chosen to reflect attitude, personality and style. Also, touring as a youth culture is evolving in India.
With the development of modern highways and increasing popularity of motorcycle tourism, the interest in motorcycles suited for touring is certainly expected to increase.
Acknowledging these dynamics, we have introduced our new offering Fazer FI Version 2.0 particularly keeping the spirit of touring in mind, combining both fun & economy for the customers to ride free in the open blue sky. continued…

Narendra Modi serving dhokla to Xi when incursions continue:CongressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:08 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is serving ‘dhokla’ to Chinese President Xi Jinping when incursions from that country continue, Congress leaders said on Thursday taking a dig at BJP and Modi.
The barb was obviously a counter to Modi’s charge against then UPA government that it was serving “biryani” to Pakistan Prime Minister when ceasefire violations were taking place at the border.
“Our jawans are injured in the firing by China and our Prime Minister is serving dhokla to the Chinese President. Is this what is called a 56 inches chest?,” Youth Congress chief Rajiv Satav said on Twitter.
In another tweet, he said, “On one side, China (is) adamant on building roads in our borders; on other, they (are) threatening Indo-Vietnam pact. Why 56 inch reduced to 56 mm?”
He also alleged, “No North Eastern (was) allowed to serve #China Prez in Guj. & now they aren’t visible on streets of Delhi! Evicted forcefully.”
AICC General Secretary and party spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed accused BJP of “change of attitude” towards the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
“Nation is watching with dismay the gimmick in change of attitude of BJP on Pak’s ceasefire violations and Chinese incursions, after 16th, May,” Ahmed tweeted. In the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls, Modi had accused the UPA government of playing “biryani politics” by being lenient to Pakistan.
The Chinese President, who is on a three-day visit to India, had visited Ahmedabad where Modi had unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol to set the stage for today’s summit talks.
The Chinese Army has made a fresh incursion in Chumar area in Jammu and Kashmir and refused to return. Heightening tension, the Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village in the wee hours today, ahead of the Summit meeting between Xi and Modi.

No sanction needed to prosecute traffic cops for beating a person:CourtPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:03 pm
Beating up and causing hurt to a person does not fall within the ambit of discharge of official duty of traffic police personnel, a Delhi court has said while directing two cops to face trial in a case against them.
It also said that no prior sanction for the alleged act was required for their prosecution.
“If the act itself falls beyond the scope of official duty, there is no need for any such sanction. The act, as alleged in the present case, is beating up and causing hurt to the complainant. This obviously does not fall within the scope of the duty of the traffic police officials,” Special CBI Judge Alok Agarwal said.
While directing two Delhi Police traffic personnel Ghuman Singh and Rajesh Kumar to appear before the trial court for causing grievous hurt to Delhi resident Satish Kumar, the judge asked the magisterial court to issue a fresh notice to the cops for the offence under section 323/34 IPC (voluntarily causing hurt with common intention).
The court also dismissed the revision petition moved by the accused cops against a magisterial court’s order summoning them as accused in the case.
Both the traffic cops had pleaded before the court that they have immunity under section 197 of CrPC (prior sanction required for prosecution of public servant for offences committed during discharge of official duty).
Counsel for the accused cops contended that magisterial court’s summon order was flawed as they were on official duty, when the alleged act was committed and no prior sanction was taken before prosecuting them.
“If the alleged act has been committed by transcending the permissible limits while discharging of official duty, prior sanction would be required. But if the act itself falls beyond the scope of official duty, there is no need for any such sanction,” the court said.
According to the complaint, on May 11, 2010, two traffic police officials stopped Kumar while he was riding a scooter without helmet and asked him to pay Rs 500 as challan.
Kumar said that the cops refused to return the Registration Certificate (RC) of his scooter and when he protested, he was beaten up and grievously injured.

Amazon launches new Kindle e-book reader in India at Rs5 999At Rs. 5,999, the new Amazon Kindle e-reader comes with a touch interface, faster processor, twice the storage with weeks of battery life.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:51 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 11:45 am
Amazon has introduced the all-new Kindle with a faster processor, twice the storage, and a touchscreen interface at price of Rs. 5,999. The new Kindle is available at Amazon.in and will start shipping on October 9, 2014. Pre-orders for the new Kindle start today.
“Our new Kindle is small and light, with weeks of battery life, a 20% faster processor, twice the storage, and a touch interface,” said Peter Larsen, Vice President, Amazon Kindle. “The new Kindle includes all the features readers love—Whispersync, built-in dictionary and new exclusive features like Vocabulary builder, Kindle Freetime and Goodreads integration. It’s never been a better time to be a reader.”
Kindle e-readers come with instant access to the Kindle Store, which includes books, Kindle Singles and exclusives along with more than 30,000 free-ebooks and over one million titles at Rs. 299 or less and over 250,000 titles at Rs. 99 or less.
Over the next couple of months, new features like Word Wise and Enhanced Search will be introduced as part of a free, over-the-air software update and will also be available on Kindle Paperwhite.
Features:
Kindle FreeTime—Gives parents a simple, engaging way to encourage kids to spend more time reading.
Vocabulary builder- Words looked up in the dictionary are automatically added to Vocabulary Builder to expand your knowledge and reinforce retention.
Whispersync—Saves and synchronizes your last page read, bookmarks, and annotations across all of your devices and Kindle apps, so you can always pick up where you left off.
Smart Lookup—Integrates a full dictionary definition with other reference information via X-Ray and Wikipedia.
Weeks of Battery Life
Automatically backs up your Kindle books in the cloud, so you never need to worry about losing your books—re-download your books wirelessly anytime for free.
Time to Read—Tells you how much time it will take to finish a chapter or a book based on your personalized reading speed.
Kindle Page Flip—Skim page-by-page, scan by chapter, or jump to anywhere in your book all without losing your place.
Facebook and Twitter—Share book recommendations, highlighted sections, and meaningful quotes with friends.

SBI tops mobile banking chart with 50% marke...SBI tops mobile banking chart with 50% market share
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattachary
(Country's largest lender…)
MUMBAI: State Bank of India accounted for half of the total number of mobile transactions undertaken in June, while ICICI Bank became the first to surpass the Rs 1,000-crore mark albeit with only a fifth of the registered users as the country's largest lender.
State Bank of India's (SBI) account holders undertook 52,27,782 transactions using their mobile phones involving Rs 546.34 crore in value in June, RBI said in data released here today.
An SBI statement said that it has 1.15 crore registered mobile users, which account for 4.5 per cent of the accounts, helping it account for over half of the total 1,07,28,715 transactions involving a value of Rs 3,985 crore during June, the RBI said.
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank became the first bank to cross the transaction value of over Rs 1,000-crore using mobile phones and claimed that it could achieve it with only a fifth of users as the SBI.
Sources said that the bank has 20 lakh "active customers" using the mobile channel for transactions.
ICICI Bank account holders did 19,51,469 mobile transactions involving Rs 1,021.19 crore in value in June, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data said.
SBI said that it plans to grow its registered mobile user base to around 12 per cent of the total retail base in the next two years and push it up further to 35 per cent in around five years.
"If you see the data, it is growing, but not the way it should be. We still do not have proper usage. There is an active need for collaboration between the bank and telecom companies," Khan had said at an industry summit two days ago.
In June, the third largest private sector lender Axis Bank reported 13.60 lakh mobile transactions with a value of Rs 586.15 crore being transacted, while HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender accounted for 3,51,883 transactions involving a value of Rs 795.62 crore, the RBI said.
"ICICI Bank has crossed the Rs 1,000-crore mark in monthly mobile banking transactions, which is the first by any bank in India," a statement from ICICI Bank said.
The two leading banks' futuristic plans mobile banking comes after days of RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan chiding lenders for being lax about cost-effective ways of transacting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panel suggests Centre to debate possibility of anti-racial lawgovernment
The Centre should debate on the possibility of bringing an anti-racial law in the long run to deal with assault on people from the North East in metros, according to a committee set up to look into their concerns.
The committee headed by retired bureaucrat M.P. Bezbaruah, which was set up be the Home Ministry after the death of Nido Tania, a student from Arunachal Pradesh in January in the Capital, said in the short term either a new law should be promulgated or IPC should be amended making the offence cognizable and non-bailable.
“We felt that within the broad framework of our Constitution the legal, strategic and philosophical aspects of the demand of an anti-racial law should be debated and in the long run a suitable decision should be taken,” the committee said in its report.
It, however, said since the issues related to anti-racial law were very wide and needed “very detailed examination” and the committee did “not have the expertise nor time to go in depth”, it did not come out with a firm view.
However, it said: “We are of the firm opinion that government should ensure that any crime of racial nature is viewed very seriously. Recognition of the problems of racial discrimination in all its dimensions should be an essential part of the political discourse in a democratic system like India.”
In order to address the immediate concerns over rising instances of attack on people from the region in metros, specially in Delhi, the report said either a new law should be promulgated as directed by the Delhi High Court in February or the IPC should be amended “in that order of preference”.
The Delhi High Court had stated that the Centre should give thought to the possibility of bringing a legislation for preventing natives of a state from harassing in any manner migrants from any other Indian states or from indulging in hate crimes against them.
“Whatever legislation is decided upon,” the report said should make such offence cognisable and non-bailable and the investigation of the FIR should be completed compulsorily in 60 days by a special squad, investigated by a police officer not below the rank of Deputy SP/ACP.
“A special prosecutor should be appointed to handle all such cases and the trial should be completed in 90 days,” it added.
Calling for fast track courts for handling of cases relating to the North East people — particularly those which are racially motivated and crimes against women and children from the region — the report said: “It has also been felt that justice to be effective needs to be dispensed promptly. A few cases settled quickly with deterrent punishment would go a long way in preventing recurrence in such incidents.”
It further said: “We also feel that having designated courts would give some urgency and importance to the matter and may be appropriately considered.”
The committee also recommended that in the next review of NCERT books, initiatives should be devised to integrate each aspect of the North East into the consciousness of the people outside and not just put in a few instances of North East history or a few North East heroes in the text books.
It also said creation of a special squad supervised by North East Special Police Unit would go a long way in the speedy justice in criminal cases. The squad may be manned by the police specially selected for such purpose and could be specially sensitised about the problems of the North East people.
On the need for sensitising Army personnel, the report said: “The North East has very strong presence of Army and Central Armed police forces. They come into contact with locals and when they are dispersed carry their impressions with them. Unfortunately, use of army for civil assistance for long periods in the region and the use of the much-criticised Armed Forces Special Powers Act, which was argued before us as discriminatory — have often created a hiatus between local population and the armed forces.
“It is therefore essential also to sensitise the armed forces personnel. MHA in consultation with ministry of defence should work out modalities for such sensitisation.”
While highlighting cultural exchange programmes as a means of bringing the people of North East and others closer, the committee also said tourism promotion must also be used as a means of creating awareness and understanding.
For the people of North East, the committee recommended that people from the region must also be educated and sensitised before and after arrival in metros about ways of living and adjust to the culture they have to live and work.
They must also make a greater effort for interaction with the local communities in which they live and facilitate two-way interactions for a healthy living atmosphere.

Yes vote by Scotland may spook EM currencies: Arnab Das02:30 pm
People of Scotland are voting today to make a historic decision on whether to break away from the Great Britain. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Arnab Das, Managing Director, Macro-Strategy, Trusted Sources shared the views on the financial market in wake of this event.
Below is the transcript of Arnab Das' interview with CNBC-TV18's Sonia Shenoy and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Sonia: What would the financial implications be if there is a yes vote later today on emerging markets like India?
A: If there is a yes vote then there will probably be some sort of a short-term flight to some extent not a rout, but a little bit of away from risky assets and closer to home an meaningful increase in home buyers around the world. So, that will add to some of the volatility in EM currencies that is coming about today because of the nuances in what the Fed said yesterday.
If there is a yes vote, then it is not really a binary short-term issue that will be at stake here. It will be longer term consequences for fragmentation in the European Union, in the Euro zone potentially and in the world at large. This is because what this will signal is another increase in nationalism, another rise in national borders and some sort of issues with de-integration within the United Kingdom.
So, there will be some increase at the margin in trade barriers, investment barriers and even physical barriers to travel in the offing between the rest of the UK and Scotland. That would be quite a negative long-term signal for globalisation which is already being challenged by various things, by the crisis between Russia and Ukraine, by issues within Euro zone, by issues with Chinese territorial assertiveness and naval assertiveness and so on.
I don’t think it will be a major shake up in the short-term, but it would be a long-term issue that will simmer for a while. Having said that, I hope and expect that the Scottish would do the right thing and stay within the and stay within the union that has served United Kingdom as a whole and rest of the world so well in recent times.         
Sonia: We have noticed in India that every geopolitical concern in hindsight becomes a great buying opportunity if there is any turbulence. What is your view on the Indian markets because as we speak out markets are up close to 2 percent and we have seen about a 28 percent rise since the start of the year, do you continue to be bullish on the Indian markets and is this still a buy on dips market?
A: We have actually written, done a good bit of thinking analysis view and it needs synthesis about this issue of geopolitics. It is quite correct that so far there hasn’t been a major problem and that is because of the events that have taken place or all of them so far, all the big geopolitical events that have taken place in 2014 and they have been important ones have actually been local rather than systemic shocks. So, Russia-Ukraine, the western response, US response, European response was to target sanctions and not to derail the overall story of the global recovery and to focus the problem and gradually escalate the sanctions. However that you can debate and discuss all you want about whether that has worked to dither Russia? I would say it hasn’t.
It might have been more extreme had they not done that approach but nevertheless the key point is that the response was not to globalise the problem but to localise it, target individuals, target firms then to start targeting sectors. So, gradually escalated targeted effectively surgical response that doesn’t destroy everything in the world. Even in the Middle East there is a very serious threat with huge potential supply risks to oil but so far that is being contained. Indeed if anything oil prices are going down because US supply is rising and because the US dollar is on a broad based strengthening trend particularly against developed world currencies.
So, all of these things so far have been localised rather than globalised even though they are sort of geopolitical risks. The Scotland event if it does go the wrong way could be different because of the disintegration that it implies for some of the, in this case one of the longest lasting multi-national unions – monetary, fiscal, political, banking, every kind of union you can name in the world, right over three centuries of union. So, that could be in a different category not the sort of category where you get an immediate sell-off that is systemic because everything is blowing up right away but a more long burning fuse.
RELATED NEWS

Modi-Xi talks set agenda to further India-China economic tiesModi-Xi talks set agenda to further India-China economic ties
BHEL up 3%  bags Rs 3536 cr EPC contract from Gujarat SECBHEL up 3%  bags Rs 3536 cr EPC contract from Gujarat SEC
MCX allots shares under ESOPMCX allots shares under ESOP
Federal Bank - Outcome of Compensation Committee MeetingFederal Bank - Outcome of Compensation Committee Meeting
Want to track how inflation-linked government securities have performed Crisil has a solutionWant to track how inflation-linked government securities have performed Crisil has a solution
Modi serving  dhokla  to Xi when incursions continue: CongModi serving  dhokla  to Xi when incursions continue: Cong
Khoday India: Outcome of board meetingSep 18, 2014, 04.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Khoday India: Outcome of board meeting
Khoday India has informed that at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on September 08, 2014, Mrs. Pamela Sunawala was appointed as Additional Director in the category of Independent Directors, in the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. Sudhakar Shetty, and in compliance with SEBI Circular dated April 17, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Khoday India: Outcome of board meeting
Khoday India has informed that at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on September 08, 2014, Mrs. Pamela Sunawala was appointed as Additional Director in the category of Independent Directors, in the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. Sudhakar Shetty, and in compliance with SEBI Circular dated April 17, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Khoday India Ltd has informed BSE that at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on September 08, 2014, Mrs. Pamela Sunawala was appointed as Additional Director in the category of Independent Directors, in the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. Sudhakar Shetty, and in compliance with SEBI Circular dated April 17, 2014, with regard to the appointment of woman director by all listed companies, before October 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Reliance Jio and GTL Infra sign tower infrastructure sharing dealSep 18, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance Jio and GTL Infra sign tower infrastructure sharing deal
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure today announced a signing of a Master Services Agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Jio and GTL Infra sign tower infrastructure sharing deal
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure today announced a signing of a Master Services Agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Industries Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Media Release dated September 18, 2014 titled "Reliance Jio and GTL Infra sign Tower Infrastructure Sharing Deal".  Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure today announced a signing of a Master Services Agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Vermi-technology  key for organic waste management'Vermi-technology, key for organic waste management'
A J Vinayak
Tweet
Mangalore, Sept 18:  
The implementation of vermi-technology at households will help manage organic solid wastes to a great extent, according to an expert.
Delivering the keynote lecture at a workshop on ‘vermi-composting’ in Mangalore on Thursday, Hareesh Joshy, an expert in vermi-technology, said vermi-technology is a means to manage organic waste with the help of earthworms, as they convert the wastes into vermi-compost and vermi-wash.
Stating that a family of four members creates around 2 kg of organic waste a day, Joshy said that large apartment complexes in urban areas can make use of vermi-technology to manage organic wastes and get some benefit out of the waste.
The organic manures such as vermi-compost and vermi-wash have good demand in the market, he said.
Joshy, who retired as a professor of zoology at St Aloysius College in Mangalore, said that he had designed a bin in the college for the implementation of vermi-technology at households.
More than 30 institutions, including schools, colleges, universities and apartments, have implemented vermi-technology in Mangalore to manage organic wastes.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

The ad agency of 2024The ad agency of 2024
Prasad Sangameshwaran
Tweet
Colour-coded Hakuhodo’s Rice Code campaign was created to put rice back in fashion (The pictures are screen shots from a video on YouTube)
What will an advertising agency look like ten years from now? Here’s a sneak preview from Japanese ad major Hakuhodo
Hito is a hospital in Japan complete with a decent cafeteria, rooms for patients that look like hotel suites and so on. But the surprise addition is a fireplace that has a dual purpose. According to Morihoko Hasebe, executive creative director (ECD), Hakuhodo, the ad agency that designed the entire hospital, the fireplace serves another purpose apart from keeping patients and visitors warm. The presence of fire helps patients recover faster as it’s a psychological motivator. It is insights like these that advertising agencies such as Hakuhodo hope to increasingly bring to the table in every business. “Advertising executives are people experts,” says Morihoko. It’s this better understanding of the consumer that agencies like Hakuhodo hope to use in rewriting the future of the advertising business.
Of sleep, books and beer
In another case, the agency has redesigned a hotel. Called Remm, which is short for Rapid Eye Movement — Morihoko cannot remember what the second ‘m’ stands for — the hotel is built for business travellers with only one objective in mind: help the guest get better sleep. Towards this end, everything from the shower to the mattress was redesigned in such a way that it aided superior sleep. For this the agency combined its expertise of psychology with architecture.
In a third instance, the agency worked with Yahoo! to start a service called Hands-On Search. The beginning was a simple thought. The internet is an audio and visual medium. What if the sense of touch could be added to the medium? Would the internet then become a boon of sorts for the visually challenged around the world? With these questions in mind, Hakuhodo Kettle, a group agency, linked the web search to a 3D printing device through which visually challenged children could feel with their hands what a ‘giraffe’ or a ‘tyrannosaurus’ could be.
Morihoko says that Hakuhodo has also started encouraging its employees to think like entrepreneurs. One such project resulted in the revival of an ailing book retail business. Conceptualised and created by employees at Kettle, the book store was called B&B — while one B stood for books, the other was for beer. After a while, sales were soaring. It was based on consumer insight that people would buy more books when they consumed beer, says Morihoko, who claims that it’s a hybrid expertise that will be in demand in future advertising agency set-ups. For example, he feels that the future ad agency executive could be an architect who writes copy or a medical graduate who does design or vice versa. Hakuhodo has already started recruiting on those lines, according to him.
‘Rice’ to the occasion
But the campaign that won the hearts of the delegates at Kyoorius Designyatra 2014 was a Hakuhodo campaign called Rice Code. A village called Inakadate in north-east Japan, which had been primarily engaged in cultivating rice, was going through difficult times. The population in the village was ageing and consumption of rice was dipping in modern-day Japan with consumers gravitating towards western cuisine or junk food. To bring back the glamour in rice, Hakuhodo came up with the idea of creating rice art on the sprawling fields by planting different colours of rice in the form of a field of art. When the art was scanned by visitors on their mobile phones an application would prompt them to press the buy button. The rice would then be delivered to consumer homes. The project has led to the revival of fortunes in the village and has also become a tourist attraction. From agriculture to books, the future of advertising is clearly out of the box.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Retirement: senior money moments0
Other financial firms are ramping up similar efforts. Older adults have the most experience handling money and hold the lion's share of the nation's household wealth. But they're also subject to normal cognitive aging, which brings with it a decline in numeracy skills, processing speed, flexible decision-making and short-term memory, says Daniel Marson, a professor of neurology and director of the Alzheimer's Disease Center at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. "Warren Buffett is still an excellent investor and dealmaker, but he's not as good as he was at age 50," says Marson. He says people reach the height of financial decision-making prowess around age 53.
Seniors can fall prey to all sorts of predators, including a "senior adviser" whose designation might not be worth the business card it's printed on or a broker who's a crook. But trusted financial professionals can be among the first to spot a problem that's more than just a so-called senior moment or normal forgetfulness. New guidelines for Merrill Lynch employees list red flags such as inconsistent decision-making, no longer understanding where assets are invested or confusion about client-directed activity when it appears on an account statement.
Families on the alert for signs of diminished capacity shouldn't overreact if Mom or Dad occasionally forgets to pay a bill, says Marson. Forgetting to file taxes is a more serious memory lapse. If papers have always been carefully filed, bags full of bills and a messy desk should give you pause. Watch out for uncharacteristic checkbook errors or a struggle to figure the tip at a restaurant. And a biggie: Beware when a careful steward of assets takes a sudden interest in get-rich-quick schemes.
More firms are asking clients -- even young and healthy ones -- to supply the name of a family member or friend who can be called upon if questions of capacity arise. (You should name a contact on your own if you're not asked to provide one.) Contacts don't need trading authority. But as you age, giving your adviser the ability to reach out to someone without running afoul of confidentiality rules can stop you from becoming your own worst enemy.
(Anne Kates Smith is a senior editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

China to set up industrial parks in Maharashtra and GujaratChina to set up industrial parks in Maharashtra and Gujarat
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 19:39 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:52 IST(17/9/2014)
China will set up two industrial parks in India, in Maharashtra and Gujarat, at an investment of $6.8 billion (Rs 40,800 crore).  The two countries signed an agreement for the first park, to be set up near Baroda, on Wednesday.
 
The deal was signed in Ahmedabad in the presence of visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The agreement for the second park in  Maharashtra will be signed in Delhi on Thursday.
 
 
An integrated industrial park providing high-quality infrastructural facilities, and has separate industrial, residential and commercial areas with developed plots/ pre-built factories, power, telecom, water and other social infrastructure. The availability of high quality infrastructure results in lower transaction costs and shorter start-up time for user industries that set up shop in these industrial parks.
The agreement is expected to facilitate investment from Chinese companies into India, and accelerate the development of a competitive manufacturing sector in India.
This is expected to help domestic industry, since many goods which are now being imported from China could be expected to be produced in the country which in turn is expected to reduce the country’s trade deficit. The widening India-China trade deficit is major cause of concern for Indian policy planners.
For the state government, an industrial park offers economies of scale in terms of development of land and infrastructure, including common facilities. It also helps industrial development and facilitates the development of local areas including backward ones. It also helps in state to meet social objectives like generation of employment, creation of social infrastructure and provides additional revenues through taxes and duties.
Both countries have agreed to increase bilateral investments in accordance with the relevant domestic laws and regulations of each country, and on the basis of equality and mutual benefit. China and India have also agreed to share relevant information on the regulatory framework and investment priorities/projects as may be needed during the preparation of investment proposals.

Breast implant shortage in VenezuelaBreast implant shortage in Venezuela
By Rafael Romo   @CNNMoney September 17, 2014: 4:04 PM ET
 
Venezuela has a breast implant shortage
ATLANTA (CNNMoney)
A shortage of breast implants is making it difficult for Venezuelan women to surgically enhance their bust lines.
Venezuela has been plagued by shortages for years. First, it was food staples. Then, toilet paper started running out. Breast implants and other medical supplies are the most recent items on a long list of scarce products.
In Venezuela, the government decides who gets access to dollars and other foreign currencies often needed to import foreign products .
These government currency controls have become increasingly tight, making it very difficult for surgeons to buy the preferred -- and more expensive -- American implants, which they say are safer than cheaper Chinese-made alternatives.
Related: Airlines in currency war with Venezuela
"Obviously, this situation is reflected in the higher costs of prostheses. If these costs go up or are increased, what happens then is that surgery is only available to those with higher incomes." said Dr. Ernesto Mendoza, a surgeon who specializes in plastic and reconstructive surgery in Caracas, the Venezuelan capital.
Venezuelan women take their beauty seriously, and most surgeries are done for purely cosmetic reasons.
Last year, there were nearly 85,000 breast procedures in Venezuela, according to figures published by the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons. Only the United States, Brazil, Mexico, and Germany perform more breast surgeries.
But the shortage of breast implants is not only affecting women who would like to enhance their beauty.
Ingrid de Borjas runs Senos Ayuda (Breast Help) an organization that facilitates reconstructive surgery for women who have had their breasts removed for health reasons. She says her patients are being affected by other shortages as well.
"The shortages are affecting everything. Women who were hoping to get breast implants are seeing their dreams unfulfilled. Chemotherapy treatments are also extremely expensive, as well as radiation. Prostheses are nearly $5,000 (US) and only if you can find them," de Borjas said.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 3:35 PM ET
Most Popular

Norms on equity shares under FDI scheme easedNorms on equity shares under FDI scheme eased
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased the guidelines for issue of shares or convertible debentures under the automatic route. According to the changed norms, companies can issue equity shares to a resident outside India against any type of fund, subject to certain riders.
The central bank has permitted the issuance of equity shares against any fund payable by the investee company, the remittance of which does not require prior permission of the government or RBI.
The banking regulator said the equity shares should be issued in accordance with the extant foreign direct investment guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines etc.
“The issue of equity shares under this provision shall be subject to tax laws as applicable to the funds payable and the conversion to equity should be net of applicable taxes,” RBI said in a notification.
Earlier, under the automatic route, an Indian company could issue shares or convertible debentures to a resident outside India against lump-sum technical know-how fee, royalty external commercial borrowings and import payables of capital goods by units in special economic zones.
The norms allow issuance of shares subject to conditions such as entry route, sectoral cap, pricing guidelines, and compliance with the applicable tax laws.

Five new movies explain why caregiving is real workBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 17 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Any discussion of women, work and especially pay equality eventually comes around to caregiving: particularly, how women do most of it, and how they are often unpaid or underpaid to do it . Those economic inequalities may not be at the fore in a group of five movies on the subject that screened at the Toronto International Film Festival this year, but these films are attuned to the fact that providing care for people with serious illnesses or disabilities, or for young children, is genuinely demanding work.
(Credit: Working Title)
“The Theory of Everything,” which examines the relationship between Stephen Hawking (Eddie Redmayne) and his first wife Jane (Felicity Jones), could have been a relatively conventional story about a great man that allocates a little credit on the side to the little woman who helped him along the way. But instead, “The Theory of Everything” is more balanced, looking at the strain that Hawking’s ALS caused in their marriage.
My friend, the critic Scott Tobias, found the movie to be rather sentimental , and wishes it had focused more on Hawking’s intellectual project. But there is a brutal, draining idea at the heart of it.
When Stephen is first diagnosed, Jane insists that they make the most of what are supposed to be the two remaining years of his life by getting married and having children. But what happens when Stephen lives far beyond his prognosis, and the need for his care forces Jane to set aside the personal and professional ambitions she thought would still be available to her? What happens when an unpaid caregiver finds out that her commitment has its limits, and the person for whom she is caring finds someone else’s help easier to accept?
These are difficult questions to ask, and “The Theory of Everything” poses them with sensitivity and respect for both Stephen and Jane’s positions and decisions.
Similar conflicts come up in festival breakout “Still Alice,” in which Julianne Moore plays a linguist who is diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer’s disease. Her husband, Dr. John Howland (Alec Baldwin) is tender and loving towards her, but also unwilling to make caring for Alice his primary focus, particularly when he receives an unprecedented job offer. Watching Alice’s diminishing capacity to wrangle language and recall memories and John’s commitment to continue living his life open up a gap between them is quiet, sad, and seemingly inevitable.
In two films, the demands of caregiving force middle-aged male characters to become better, more open people. In the otherwise messy “The Judge,” Hank Palmer (Robert Downey Jr.) returns home for his mother’s funeral and is forced to reckon with his estranged father, Judge Joseph Palmer’s (Robert Duvall) failing health. Scenes of Hank physically caring for Joseph are out of keeping with the wildly uneven tone of the movie, but they suggest what a more perceptive and interesting version of “The Judge” might have looked like.
Less successful is “Black and White,” in which we are supposed to believe that Eliot Anderson (Kevin Costner), an alcoholic lawyer, is the person best suited to raise his biracial granddaughter (he is initially befuddled by her hair), even though he has not exactly been involved in parenting the little girl before his wife’s death. The movie is convinced that Eliot’s desire to care for his granddaughter is all he needs to be a good parent, while her other grandmother’s (Octavia Spencer) desire to be involved in the child’s life apparently springs from some suspicious and parochial racial motivation, even though she has a much more successful track record of child rearing. Among its other problems, “Black and White” operates by a tired dynamic where women are never good enough when they shoulder the burdens that have been thrust upon them, while men get credit for expressing good intentions.
If I have made these movies sound weighted towards male experiences with caregiving and towards unpaid caregiving work, it is because they are. Fortunately, we have “Cake” to make up for some of the imbalance. In this film, which will be released next year, Jennifer Aniston plays Claire, a woman who suffers from chronic pain after a dreadful accident that shattered her body as well as her family. Because she has no other meaningful relationships left, her housekeeper Silvana (a marvelous Adriana Barraza) has slipped into the role of caregiver, making sure Claire eats, driving her to physical therapy and, less-constructively, helping her score the pain pills to which Claire has become addicted.
“Cake” is honest about the fact that Claire’s relationship with Silvana has an element of exploitation. Silvana’s daughter complains that Claire is not paying Silvana enough for either the hours she works or the level of emotional support Silvana provides to her. But Silvana is not required to be a put-upon saint who exists just to illustrate the callousness of her employer or the exploitation that can happen in caregiver-client relationships. She gets fed up with Claire’s self-indulgence, and tells her so in one of the movie’s wonderful, spiky scenes.
When a new friend remarks that Silvana cares for Claire, Claire tells him coldly, “I pay her to care about me. It’s not my fault she gets sentimental.” Many of these movies make exactly that point: caregiving is real work. The sentimentality that so often accompanies the job is what makes it so difficult, and so valuable.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Activists continue calls for officers arrest as Ferguson announces town hall schedulesBy Sarah Larimer and Kimberly Kindy September 17 Follow @slarimer Follow @kimberlykindy
Protesters chant at a meeting of the St. Louis County Council on Tuesday. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Robert Cohen)
It’s been more than a month since a white police officer shot an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Mo., but unrest continues in the St. Louis area, as activists are renewing calls for action and a grand jury investigation into the fatal incident continues .
Angry residents on Tuesday flooded a St. Louis County Council meeting, blasting local officials and demanding the arrest of the officer who was involved in last month’s shooting of Michael Brown, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch .
“We want him to be arrested, fingerprinted and booked, just like everybody else,” activist Anthony Shahid, who attended the meeting, told The Post. “Just like you would any other criminal. This was an execution.”
The Post-Dispatch reported that much of the anger was directed at Democratic councilman Steve Stenger, who is running for county executive  and has political connections with county prosecutor Robert McCulloch:
Several speakers demanded that Stenger call on his “BFF (Best Friend Forever)” McCulloch to resign by noon Wednesday. McCulloch was the councilman’s chief political ally in Stenger’s primary defeat of incumbent County Executive Charlie Dooley four days before Brown was shot to death.
“12 Noon, Stenger! 12 Noon, Stenger!” demonstrators shouted in unison as the public comment portion of the meeting drew to an end.
If you want to hear a recording from the meeting, St. Louis Public Radio has audio from local rapper Tef Poe, who spoke on Tuesday night .
“You want to be on the right side of history when our children read about this issue,” he said. “You don’t want Missouri to look like Birmingham, Alabama, in 1968. You’re going down in a big ball of flames. It’s happening. The world is documenting this.”
Brown, 18, was shot and killed by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9 . Law enforcement officials who responded to the protests that erupted in the days that followed were heavily criticized for their tactics , and local agencies have since become the subjects of  reviews and probes into police procedure .
The Post-Dispatch also reported Wednesday that Wilson testified before the grand jury this week. A source told the paper that he has been “cooperative,” and has also spoken to county and federal investigators . The report could not be independently verified.
Tuesday’s demonstration was only part on the ongoing events in the St. Louis area right now. On Sunday, PBS is scheduled to host a town hall meeting , “America After Ferguson,” and on Wednesday, the city released its own schedule for a series of meetings it will hold with residents.
Town Hall Meeting Schedule
Here are a few more pictures from Tuesday’s meeting:
St. Louis County police officers help seat attendees of a county council meeting Tuesday evening. Officers allowed those who arrived late in when only they found an empty seat or someone left. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, J.B. Forbes)
A St. Louis County police officer performs a security check on attorney Anthony Gray before allowing him into the chambers at the St. Louis County Council meeting on Tuesday . (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, J.B. Forbes)
St. Louis activist Anthony Shahid confronts councilman Steve Stenger during the St. Louis County Council meeting. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Robert Cohen)
A woman argues at a meeting of the St. Louis County Council on Tuesday (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Robert Cohen)
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

Video of Justice Ginsburg on same-sex marriageBy Dale Carpenter September 17
Last night, I posted briefly about Justice Ginsburg’s comments at the Unbiversity of Minnesota Law School on the subject of how soon the Court might take up the issue of same -sex marriage. Because we were told not to bring any recording devices, I recounted what she said based on memory. Now the actual video of her comments during the hour-and-a-half forum is available to the public . The discussion of same-sex marriage begins with a question from Professor Bob Stein at the 67:33 mark. After briefly recounting how the Court left the issue open in 2013 by dismissing the Proposition 8 case, Justice Ginsburg says the following (starting at 68:57 and ending at 69:45):
So far the federal courts of appeals have answered the question the same way–holding unconstitutional the bans on same-sex marriage. There is a case now pending before the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Now if that court should disagree with the others then there will be some urgency in the Court taking the case. But when all the courts of appeals are in agreement there is no need for us to rush to step in. So it remains to be seen what the Sixth Circuit will rule, when it will rule. Sooner or later, yes, the question will come to the Court.
Justice Ginsburg then continues with some heartfelt and affecting thoughts on why opinion on the subject of same-sex marriage has changed.  That part runs from 69:47 to 70:43.
I don’t think there’s any doubt how Justice Ginsburg will vote if and when the Court elects to take a same-sex marriage case. But it does appear, as I said yesterday, that she does not think the time has come quite yet.
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.

A few links on the issues at stake in the vote on Scotlands potential secession from the United KingdomBy Ilya Somin September 18
On Sept. 18, voters in Scotland decide whether or not to end their 307-year union with England and become the newest independent nation in the world. Truth Teller puts campaign ads for and against Scottish independence to the test. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
Scottish voters go to the polls today to decide whether Scotland should become an independent nation. Here are a few relevant links on the debate over the pros and cons of Scottish secession from the UK.
In this post , I tried to assess the case for and against Scottish secession. It turns out to be a close call. But it is possible that an independent Scotland could turn out to be like independent Slovakia – a nation that seceded from a larger entity in part to pursue more interventionist economic policies, but ended up having to pursue more free market-oriented ones in order to deal with the loss of subsidies and remain competitive.
In a follow-up , I described predictions about the impact of Scottish independence offered by others. Much depends on whether the new Scottish government will be able to get control of all or most of the North Sea oil, and whether there is enough oil revenue there to finance the expansion of the welfare state that most Scottish independence advocates want , without raising taxes or otherwise making the new nation uncompetitive. I have also analyzed the Scottish government’s proposed interim constitution for the would-be new nation. It’s an interesting document, but raises almost as many questions as answers.
In this recent post , economist Daniel Mitchell reviews libertarian reactions to the prospects of Scottish secession. Interestingly, most libertarian commentators (including Mitchell himself) seem to be sympathetic to the idea, in large part because they think that something like the Slovakia scenario is likely to be the result. David Boaz of the Cato Institute summarizes the most common libertarian perspective :
Alex Salmond, the leader of the Scottish National Party and the likely first prime minister of an independent Scotland, may be a socialist, but he’s not an idiot. He knows that a tax hike in Scotland wouldn’t work. Asked in a televised debate, he responded, “We don’t have proposals for changing taxation. We certainly are not going to put ourselves at a tax disadvantage with the rest of the UK.”
As Alex Massie put it in the Spectator, “It’s not quite read my lips, no new taxes but it’s not far from it….When it comes to tax no other British politician in recent years has cited Arthur Laffer more frequently than Alex Salmond.” With a top British tax rate of 45 percent, and 41 percent in Ireland, Salmond doesn’t want to raise the Scottish rate to 50 percent and push out top earners.
3) Critics of independence often say that Scotland is subsidized by wealthier England. The analysis is controversial, but it does appear that the United Kingdom spends about £1,500 ($2,500) more per person in Scotland than it does nationally. If it is true, as many British conservatives say, that Scots are whiny subsidy-suckers, then take them off the dole. It’s easy for a country with 52 members in the British parliament to demand more money from the British central government. An independent Scotland would have to create its own prosperity, and surely the people who produced the Enlightenment are smart enough to discover the failures of socialism pretty quickly if they become free, independent, and responsible for their own future.
An additional potential bonus for libertarians is that Scottish secession might make the remaining UK more free market-oriented by removing 41 Labor Party members of parliament and only one Conservative. British Conservatives are far from being libertarian; but they are more so on economic issues than the Labor Party is. By contrast, if Scotland stays in the UK, overall government spending could rise even beyond today’s relatively high levels, because the UK government might increase subsidies to Scotland in order forestall future outbreaks of Scottish secessionism (much as the Canadian government has provided generous subsidies to Quebec in order to stymie Quebec secessionism).
The results that libertarians hope for are precisely what English and Scottish left-wing opponents of independence fear . On the other hand, most Scottish independence advocates are also social democrats. They hope and expect that independence will result in a bigger welfare state and greater government intervention in the economy.
I think that the Slovakia scenario is more plausible than the Scottish National Party’s vision of an independent Scotland that can raise government spending and welfare benefits, despite losing UK subsidies and the prospect of tax competition from Britain, Ireland, and elsewhere. But I readily admit that other scenarios are also possible, and that much depends on how the UK and the European Union react to Scottish independence . I am therefore less certain of the potential benefits of Scottish independence than some other libertarians are. The one thing we can say for sure is that there is enormous variation between the different projections of the likely policies of an independent Scotland. If the expectations of many libertarians and anti-independence left-wingers are correct, than those of left-wing Scottish nationalists are badly wrong – and vice versa.
Economic issues are not the only ones at stake in the vote. Supporters and opponents of independence have also cited potential cultural effects. Famed Scottish actor and former James Bond star Sean Connery argues that independence would promote the flourishing of Scottish culture :
More than anything else, culture defines a country. It provides international visibility and stimulates global interest more than a nation’s politics, business or economy ever can….
So, with our colourful history, strong identity, deep-rooted traditions, a commitment to artistic innovation and diverse and beautiful landscapes, Scotland is truly blessed….
I believe Scotland can and will go further. A Yes vote in September will capture the attention of the world. That inevitably means there will be a renewed focus on our culture as well as our new politics, presenting us with an unparalleled opportunity to promote our heritage and creative excellence.
The powers of independence will allow Scotland to develop and enrich its culture as well as marketing it more effectively.
By contrast, Scottish-born Harvard historian Niall Ferguson argues that the nation’s culture could be badly damaged by independence if it loses some of the cosmopolitanism that made it great; he fears it might even “revert to its pre-1707 bad habits” and become a “a divided and rancorous society with a vindictive style of politics.”
I suspect that both sides’ cultural arguments are overblown. Scottish culture has long flourished under the UK, and it is difficult to imagine that independence would make it much better. On the other hand, an independent Scotland wouldn’t necessarily lose its cosmopolitanism. It would still have plenty of cultural and intellectual interaction with the rest of the English-speaking world, including the remaining UK.
UPDATE: Andrew Sullivan has a collection of links to various recent commentaries on the referendum, most of them opposed to independence.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Jignesh Shah logs out of MCX  Uday Kotak steps inMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Temporary relief: MCX promoter Jignesh Shah after being released from Kalyan jail in Mumbai. Photo: PTI
Jignesh Shah had already made up his mind to quit the stock exchange business in October 2013, two months before the commodities' market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) declared him and his company, Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL), unfit to run any exchange.
According to a close associate of his, Shah, who set up the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) in 2003, the National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) in 2007, and the stock exchange MCX-SX in 2008, had declared his intention at a seven-hour-long meeting in his lawyers' South Mumbai office that month.
The Rs 5,500-crore NSEL scam had broken in July: the exchange was found to be executing contracts without sufficient underlying assets and had defaulted on its payments when investors wanted to pull out. "He saw what was brewing," says the associate. "He knew people were after his blood as many had not liked his entry into the stock exchange business."
Shah's lawyers, however, convinced him to fight on.
The effort proved futile. The FMC's December 2013 order left Shah and FTIL no choice. FTIL, which had 26 per cent stake in the exchange, initially sold six per cent in the open market, including two per cent to well-known investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala.
Subsequently, the rest was sold as well: 15 per cent - the maximum permissible to a single entity under the new FMC rules - to the Uday Kotak-promoted Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore and the remaining five per cent on the open market for Rs 827 to Rs 830 a share.
The NSEL had already closed down after the scam came to light and the MCX-SX too is as good as dead with no trading happening on the exchange. Among his other travails, Shah was also arrested in May this year, but was recently released on bail .
Its erstwhile promoter's tribulations, however, have not affected MCX significantly. Its turnover may have fallen but its market share is still above 80 per cent.
"There is an early-mover advantage," says Ramesh Abhishek, Chairman, FMC. "If one exchange attracts liquidity in one commodity, others find it difficult to divert those volumes to their exchanges."
Samir Shah, Managing Director and CEO of the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange (NCDEX), MCX's closest rival, not only agrees, but also suggests a different reason for the overall fall in trading volumes.
"Though we have garnered some market share, the commodity transaction tax (CTT) has been the primary reason we were not able to take full advantage of the NSEL crisis and attract players to our platform." The finance ministry introduced a CTT of 0.01 per cent on the transactional value of a host of commodities in July 2013. Indeed, MCX saw a big fall in turnover following the imposition of CTT. The NSEL scam added to its woes.
'We think we will make money from the asset not because of the price we paid but because of the quality of the asset,' says Paul Parambi, Group Head Strategy, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
MCX's rock solid performance through the crisis is the reason why Kotak Mahindra Bank could not buy its stake at the price it had hoped, but had to fork out Rs 600 per share. (In June, Business Today had been among the first to report that Kotak Mahindra Bank was likely to pick up a stake in MCX ). MCX remained unshaken despite Jignesh Shah's arrest in May as well as the forensic audit of the exchange ordered by the FMC - and carried out by PricewaterhouseCoopers - which found several irregularities in its functioning.
Even the fact that it was the sole bidder did not help Kotak get a better price. "From the beginning it was only Kotak Mahindra Bank that was interested," says a source who was closely involved in FTIL selling its stake in MCX on condition of anonymity. "There was no other qualified bidder which could have picked 15 per cent stake in MCX. In fact, Kotak wanted to buy the entire 26 per cent."
"Kotak quoted Rs 550-575 per share, but eventually increased the price to Rs 600," says a source closely involved with the deal, on condition of anonymity. The bank, however, claims it is fully satisfied.
"We believe Rs 600 per share is a fair price," says Paul Parambi, Group Head Strategy at Kotak Mahindra Bank. "We think we will make money from the asset not because of the price we paid but because of the asset's quality. We factored in a lot of positives and potential negatives before taking our decision."
He lists the positives. "We have liked the financial infrastructure space for some time and believe that as India grows this space will also grow," says Parambi.
"And as more players participate in the ownership of different asset classes, it can provide a further upside apart from the normal growth that happens. MCX has a strong franchise in the commodity space particularly in the metals and crude segment. An opportunity to acquire 15 per cent stake in MCX which usually would not be available was therefore attractive for us."
Besides, what Kotak paid per share was less than the Rs 664 per share that Jhunjhunwalla had forked out earlier for his two per cent - which took his total stake in MCX to slightly less than 3.5 per cent. The first tranche of shares FTIL sold in the open market fetched a price of Rs 720 per share. During the second open market sale, even SBI Life Insurance shelled out Rs 830 per share to acquire less than one per cent of MCX.
Kotak already owns 40 per cent stake in Ahmedabad Commodity Exchange (ACE), which it bought in 2009, but that has not given it much traction in this space so far. "ACE has reinforced our view that market share is difficult to gain," says Parambi. Clearly, acquiring a dominant exchange is an easier route than trying to snatch market share. "The entire financial space including equity and commodities has gone through difficult times. Our view is that at some point there will be a trigger which will make this space look good," he adds.
Kotak, however, has ensured that unlike FTIL, it will not be considered a 'promoter' of MCX. It has a clause in its agreement with MCX to that effect and has made it clear it will annul the deal if SEBI labels it thus. But that does not mean, market insiders feel, it will eschew an active role in MCX's decision making.
"We are not saying we want to run the exchange," says Parambi. "But we have enough skin in the game as we are paying close to Rs 460 crore."
Click here to Enlarge
The FMC has cleared the MCX-Kotak deal and the market buzz it that once capital markets regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the Reserve Bank of India and the Competition Commission of India do so too, Kotak will have a board nominee and may also decide who the new CEO and managing director of MCX should be.
More than anything else Kotak is betting on new amendments to the Forward Contract Regulation Act (FCRA) to liven up things.
"Over a period of time if regulation evolves, if option trading is permitted, if CTT is reduced, if institutions are allowed to participate in the commodity market, then each of these will provide non-linear kickers to growth," says Parambi. "We don't know when these will happen, but they will happen. These were important considerations when we looked at acquiring our stake in MCX."
An FCRA bill with the amendments is likely to be placed before Parliament either in the winter session later this year or next year's budget session. "We have sent a revised FCRA amendment bill to the department and it will take a decision," says FMC Chairman Abhishek. "There are not too many changes, but it will put us on par with SEBI." Many observers agree. "If the regulations change, it can also trigger a merger between MCX and ACE. Volumes will jump manifold and could even double Kotak's valuation in MCX in a single day," says P.H. Ravikumar, former CEO and Managing Director of NCDEX.
It is the end of the road for Jignesh Shah but for Kotak it could be the beginning of a new dawn.

To be or not to be with UK Scots start voting in referendumToday's twitter trend map is amazing http://t.co/gtqUfG8Sz2 #voteyes — Caledonia (@Caledonia_1) September 18, 2014
What would be left?
The prospect of breaking up the United Kingdom, the world's sixth-largest economy and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, has prompted citizens and allies alike to question what would be left, while the financiers of the City of London have warned of market turmoil.
British politicians, banks and businessmen have closed ranks to warn of economic hardship, job losses and investment flight should Scots decide to go it alone. Defence would also be a big question - Britain's submarine-borne nuclear arsenal, part of NATO's defences - is based in Scotland's Firth of Clyde.
The United States has made clear it wants the United Kingdom, its main ally in Europe, to remain together.
"The UK is an extraordinary partner for America and a force for good in an unstable world. I hope it remains strong, robust and united," US President Barack Obama said.
European leaders have warned that an independent Scotland would have to get to the back of the queue to join the European Union. Spain has been especially vocal, fearing it would further inspire separatists in Catalonia and the Basque Country, many of those voting for independence felt rule from London had opened too wide a gap between rich and poor. "I want a different kind of Scotland, a socially just Scotland," said Lisa Clark, a church worker, after casting her vote for "Yes".
Five surveys showed support for independence at 48%, compared with 52% for the union, while a fifth poll showed it even closer at 49% to 51%.
Another showed unionists at 53% and separatists at 47%.
The surveys also showed as many as 600,000 voters were undecided, making the vote too close to call. Polling stations close at 2100 GMT and a result is expected early on Friday.
Read: Brought to India during the Raj, many Scots left their mark
In Glasgow, there was a carnival-like atmosphere, with some people wearing blue-and-white face paint. A man running a financial services business and a hotel on the Isle of Skye had come down to his hometown Glasgow to cast a "No" vote.
"I think it's a great concept, but working in finance I can see the difficulties," he said, giving his name as Eddie.
Salmond has employed a mix of shrewd calculation and nationalist passion to haul the "Yes" campaign from far behind to within a whisker of winning his dream of an independent Scotland. But the momentum needs to continue if he is to win.
Facing the biggest internal threat to the United Kingdom since Ireland broke away nearly a century ago, Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron could find his job on the line if Scotland breaks away.
The 47-year-old prime minister has conceded that his privileged English background and Conservative politics mean he is not the best person to win over Scots, although in the past few weeks he has made emotional appeals for Scotland to stay in Britain's "family of nations".
That has left the leadership of the unionist case in the hands of the opposition Labour party, the only party with the local support capable of checking the secessionist Scottish National Party.
Former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown, a Scot who has in recent days led the battle cry for the union, on Wednesday warned Scots in Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city and a crucial battleground, that Salmond was "leading us into a trap".
"Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow," Brown thundered, fists clenched, to applause and cheers from unionist supporters. "Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland, the only answer is vote 'No'."
A united kingdom?
In the event of a vote for independence, Britain and Scotland would face 18 months of talks on how to carve up North Sea oil and what to do about EU membership.
Scotland says it will use the pound after independence, but London has ruled out a formal currency union, while Britain will have to decide what to do about the nuclear submarine base on the Clyde, which the nationalists want to evict.
Salmond has accused London of orchestrating a campaign by business leaders aimed at spooking Scots after businesses from oil giant BP BP.L to financial services group Standard Life SL.L cautioned about the risks of independence.
To blunt Salmond's argument for breaking away, Britain's rulers promised to guarantee Scotland high levels of state funding and grant Scots greater control over finances.
British leaders accept that even if Scotland votes to keep the union, the United Kingdom's structure will have to change, as granting further powers to Scotland will provoke calls for a less centralised state from voters in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Some currency traders in London prepared to stay up all night to buy or sell sterling GBP on the results of the vote.
US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said there were potentially significant economic ramifications from the vote and that a strong United Kingdom was important.
Electoral officials said the result is expected by breakfast time on Friday morning, but partial results will give an indication of the trend after the count of major cities such as Glasgow are declared around 0400 GMT.
With more than 486,000 voters, Glasgow is crucial, and the way its traditional Labour supporters go could be decisive.
Edinburgh and Aberdeen, which with Glasgow make up nearly a quarter of the vote, are also expected around about that time.
Helicopters will fly from specially lit landing sites from remote islands to deliver ballot boxes to regional counting centres.
(With AFP inputs)

Dollar jumps as traders absorb Fed updateS&P 500 hits record high after Fed update
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09cb2c2e-3ee3-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Polls open to decide Scotlands futureScots vote to decide future of their union with UK
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and Mark Odell and Andy Sharman in London
A victory for Scotland’s pro-independence campaign could create Europe's newest country since the collapse of Yugoslavia
German Short Haired Pointer dogs Dude (left) and Hector wait to meet First Minister Alex Salmond
©Getty Images
Piper Ryan Randall leads a march to the polling station in Craigmillar, Edinburgh
©Charlie Bibby/FT
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Scots are voting to decide whether their country should remain part of the UK or end the 307-year-old union and begin life as an independent nation.
A total of 4.29m, or 97 per cent of the electorate, have registered to vote, the largest electorate Scotland has ever seen. The result of Thursday’s historic referendum is expected early on Friday, with the opinion polls in the past two days suggesting it is going to be extremely close.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Sterling rallied, rising 0.7 per cent to reach a two-week high of $1.6391 against the dollar, in response to the final polls suggesting that the pro-union campaign would hold on to its narrow lead. Last week, it hit a low of $1.6051 against the greenback, but it has trimmed those losses in the last week and one-month volatility in options markets has also eased.
“While the polls remain a statistical dead heat, the wisdom of crowds implies giving more weight to the bookmakers and the markets, which clearly favour a ‘no’ victory,” said Marc Chandler, head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman.
However, investors were still scrambling to protect themselves against sharp swings in sterling over the next 24 hours. Overnight sterling dollar volatility spiked to almost 35 per cent, 10 times its level a month ago and up from 12.75 per cent on Wednesday.
Earlier, campaigners in the leafy west end of Glasgow reported that queues formed outside polling stations before they opened at 7am. Greeting voters outside Hyndland Secondary School, Peter Taylor, a 64-year-old Glasgow Labour party member, said: “I’ve stood outside this school several times for elections before. I would say this is getting on for 50 per cent greater [number of people].”
Several voters were still undecided when they showed up to the polling station and asked campaigners to persuade them either way.
Independence activist Johnny Hunter, a retired environmental health officer, said: “I’m the last face people see of the Yes campaign – I need to make sure it’s a happy face to match the positive message of the campaign.”
Hilda Marshall, a retired pro-independence voter, said: “I felt as though the Hallelujah chorus should have erupted when I put the cross down.”
Continue reading
Speaking on his way to vote “No” in Ruchill, north Glasgow, Kenneth Gould, 63, said: “I’m going to march right in there and will tick the box with confidence, without hesitation.” He joked he would wave his ballot in the air and cry “look how I’m voting folks”.
But he added of the possible result: “I’m nervous. Once you make that decision, that’s it.”
Ipsos MORI’s final poll of the campaign, published on Thursday, shows the No campaign with a very narrow lead, in line with other polls in recent days.
Based on responses from 991 people questioned on Tuesday and Wednesday, 50 per cent of those certain to vote said they would vote No, with 45 per cent saying they would vote Yes and 4 per cent still undecided. Excluding those undecided, 53 per cent said they planned to vote No, with 47 per cent to vote Yes. The day is forecast to remain dry across most of Scotland, although light drizzle was expected in some areas.
Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, said: “I’m feeling very confident. It’s been a long, hard two-and-a-half year campaign, passions have been aroused on both sides, and understandably so because we are talking about the biggest single decision that any of us will ever take in our lifetime.
“But I’m increasingly confident that we will win tonight.”
In his final speech on Wednesday night, Alex Salmond , Scotland’s first minister, urged the public to defy the might of the “London establishment” and vote to leave the UK.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime and we must seize it with both hands,” he said.
His speech followed an impassioned plea by Gordon Brown , the former prime minister, earlier on Wednesday to reject independence.
In an apparent boost to the Yes campaign, Andy Murray, the Scottish-born tennis player, seemed to endorse the independence campaign when he took to Twitter in the early hours of Thursday morning.
“Huge day for Scotland today! no campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. excited to see the outcome. lets do this!”, he wrote . Murray is not resident in Scotland so does not have a vote.
Some voters were underwhelmed by the atmosphere at the polling stations. First-time voter Jonathan Gibson, who is about to head to Oxford university to read history, said after voting in Jordanhill that the experience had been “a bit of an anticlimax”.
The student, who is also celebrating his 18th birthday today, said: “I expected more people outside. It should have felt like a bigger thing.”
His friend Adam Macnaughton, preparing to study natural sciences at Cambridge, said a lot of his Yes-voting peer group had failed to take the vote seriously. “Some people are thinking ‘screw it, it’s a bit of a laugh’.”
He was planning to vote No in Bearsden later in the afternoon. He was looking forward to no longer being inundated with referendum messages on social media. “It can get quite confrontational,” he said.
More video
In anticipation of a close result, the head of the Church of Scotland called on both sides to join forces and restore harmony, amid fears the country will be left a divided nation.
“Get ready to accept the will of the Scottish people and that will be best done by setting passions aside,” said the Rt Rev John Chalmers. “If we do that we’ll be ready for the next step in the process, which will be to harness the energy of both sides. Whatever the outcome we will need to be ready to work together.”
Scotland has set up 5,579 polling stations, which means typically there should be no more than 800 voters allocated to each, in an effort to avoid large queues. The polls opened at 7am and will close at 10pm, with anybody queueing at that time still eligible to cast their vote.
Meanwhile, a group of economists from across Britain’s universities has written to the Financial Times warning Scotland that independence would be a “gamble with very poor odds”.
Below is a collection of tweets, photos and video showing the reactions of voters, politicians, celebrities, and Scottish independence supporters from overseas. (Drag your cursor across each picture to read the tweet.)
Related Topics

Firms selling assets to cut debt are good investmentDipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80    Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Many domestic companies (mostly midcaps and small-caps) are selling assets and raising equity to pay off debt. While the process has been on for some time, it has gathered momentum of late due to improvement in demand for industrial assets and rise in equity markets, which are ensuring that companies get good value for their assets.
Companies that have sold assets/new shares or plan to do it in the near future include Reliance Communication, Tata Steel , Jaiprakash Associates, Videocon and Ashok Leyland.
According to a Crisil report published on July 7, in the past 18 months, a total of 21 companies have announced 36 deals to sell assets/equity to raise Rs 80,000 crore, which is nearly a fifth of their debt.
"Expected policy reforms and buoyant capital market should lead to more such transactions. We expect companies to raise at least another Rs 60,000 crore in 2014-15," says the report.
Falling debt is good for a company's stock as it improves profitability by freeing up funds. So, as more and more companies line up to sell assets/equity, investors have an opportunity to make good money by buying their shares to cash in on a likely recovery.
HOW DEBT HITS PERFORMANCE
Suzlon Energy, a wind power generator, had a market cap of Rs 50,000 crore at the start of January 2008. The stock rose 192% from Rs 97 on 29 December 2006 to Rs 284 on 31 December 2007.
The same year, it started the process to acquire REpower, a German wind power company. It completed the acquisition in 2011. This proved to be expensive for Suzlon by making it borrow heavily. Its debt jumped 10 times from Rs 450 crore on 31 March 2006 to Rs 5,162 crore a year later. The interest cost increased from Rs 65 crore to Rs 276 crore during the period.
At the end of 2012-13, the consolidated debt stood at Rs 15,190 crore while interest cost was Rs 1,800 crore, more than its operating profit (sales minus expenditure).
The stock, which was at Rs 284 at the end of 2007, was at Rs 21.50 on July 30, down 92.5% in the past sixand-a-half years. The company's market cap shrunk from Rs 50,000 crore in January 2008 to Rs 6,000 crore on 31 July 2014.
This is not a one-off case. Over-leveraging has led to sharp deterioration in finances of a number of companies. This is especially true after the 2008 global financial crisis, which lowered India's economic growth and made sure that many companies found it difficult to service debt due to shrinking sales and margins.
Total debt of companies in the BSE 500 index (excluding banking and finance companies) was Rs 4.5 lakh crore on 31 March 2007. It rose five-fold to Rs 20 lakh crore till March 2013. The interest paid rose from Rs 22,000 crore to Rs 1.2 lakh crore.
Among the companies discussed above, as many as 68 (out of 400) have a debt-to-equity ratio of more than two, which means their borrowings are double their equity capital.
Many of these debt-ridden companies were once hailed as emerging stars (Suzlon Energy, GMR Infrastructure, GVK Power and Infrastructure, Jaiprakash Associates) on the corporate horizon. However, many are now struggling to service their debt; some are on the verge of insolvency. Many have opted for corporate debt restructuring, or CDR , under which banks ease the debt's terms and conditions (reduction of interest rate and increase in tenure).
"There has been a sharp rise in the number of companies opting for CDR in the past few years. Approved cases under the CDR mechanism, which caters to roughly 30% stressed debt in the country, have reached $60 billion, up 50% from last year," says Aman Chowdhury, chief executive, Cians Analytics.
Banks have also started facing the heat as companies show inability to service debt. The net non-performing assets, or NPAs, of commercial banks rose from Rs 19,000 crore in 2007 to Rs 94,000 crore in 2013. That's why the strongest push to sell assets has come from banks and other lenders.
WAYS OF RETIRING DEBT
Selling non-core assets seems to be one of the most popular avenues to reduce debt. For example, Jaiprakash Associates wants to sell non-core assets such as a cement factory and some real estate projects and thermal plants in 2014-15. A few months ago, Tata Steel sold its land in Borivali, Mumbai, to Oberoi Realty for Rs 1,155 core. GMR Infrastructure has sold two road projects this year; it is also likely to sell a 40% stake in Istanbul International Airport.
With the economy improving, companies are now getting better value for their assets, which is a big reason for the spike in the number of such deals.
"It's easy to get rid of high-cost assets when they are fetching a good price. Probably it is difficult for these companies to earn a good return on these assets and so they might as well sell them," says Deepak Shenoy, founder, Capitalmind, a research firm.
Another route for raising money to retire debt is sale of equity. Here, the company issues new shares through follow-on offer, private placement or offer for sale or OFS. The promoter's shareholding falls.
Recently, Reliance Communication raised Rs 4,800 crore by selling fresh shares. A part of the proceeds will be used to reduce debt, which stood at Rs 40,000 crore at the end of March. Similarly, Hindustan Construction Company plans to raise Rs 750 crore through private placement of shares.
With sentiment in equity markets turning positive and investors' risk appetite increasing, we may see a flurry of such equity issues. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has also eased norms for companies taking the OFS route.
The other ways of reducing debt are bringing in strategic investors at the project level, sale & leaseback and securitisation of receivables.
IMPACT ON STOCK PRICE
Debt is fine as long as the interest rate is less than what the company is earning from its assets. As interest rates rise and the company's return on assets goes down, interest payments can substantially bring down profit margins.
When a part of the debt is paid back, the total interest paid comes down and margins rise. This results in re-rating of the stock.
"As companies reduce debt from extreme levels and improve their debt-equity ratio, investors get confidence in their ability to service debt and deliver returns. For example, the recent issue by an oil services company, which led to 25% equity dilution, to repay high-cost debt translated into a 25% improvement in earnings, driven mainly by savings in interest payments," says S Krishna Kumar, head of equity, Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Rs 80,000 crore is the value of assets/equity sold by 21 companies in the past 18 months, according to Crisil
Rs 60,000 crore is the worth of assets/equity likely to be sold in 2014-15
Valuations fall when debt increases without a commensurate rise in return on assets. So, when a company reduces debt, its valuations generally rise as investors factor in an improvement in fundamentals and reduced solvency risk.
"Try to understand it from the perspective of enterprise value, which is market cap plus debt minus cash. If a company has a market cap of Rs 2,000 crore and a debt of Rs 10,000 crore, then its enterprise value is Rs 12,000 crore. If it retires a debt of Rs 5,000 crore, the market cap (price*outstanding shares) may go up by that much," says Vinay Khattar, associate director and head of research, Edelweiss Financial Services.
TAKE BETS CAREFULLY
Shares of companies that are selling assets or issuing fresh equity to retire debt are good investments. This is because their prices jump sharply after the announcement. But the long-term performance of such companies is in doubt.
The reason for this is that some companies selling assets are heavily leveraged and the amount paid is too small in comparison to the total debt to have any meaningful impact on the stock over the long term. In some companies, the debt could be purely because of stuck projects. Besides, some companies are selling cash-generating assets, which may impact their cash flow, neutralising the impact of lower debt.
"For such companies (which are in debt due to stalled projects), equity dilution will not alter the balance sheet meaningfully. It makes more sense for these companies to tap the market as and when confidence in the macro environment improves and project bottlenecks are cleared," says S Krishna Kumar, head, equity, Sundaram Mutual Fund.
Manish Gupta, director, Crisil Ratings, says, "The extent of improvement in corporate credit profiles will be limited because asset sale also reduces the operating cash flow."
According to him, more than 90% completed transactions involved cash-generating assets. Even after the sale of assets & equity, the debt-to-EBITDA multiple of these companies is expected to improve only marginally from nearly nine times as on 31 March 2014 to just below eight times over the next one year. EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Khattar of Edelweiss says some of these companies are good trading bets. But he says he will not advise people to stay invested in these stocks for long.
With sentiment in equity markets improving and many companies lining up share sales, it is to be seen if the markets are able to absorb all these equity issues.
According to PVK Mohan, head of equities, Principal Mutual Fund, investors have to be wary of the rush of new equity offers. "They must buy only quality issues."
RETIRING DEBT
- Suzlon Energy plans to raise about Rs 1,000 crore from sale of non-core assets in 2014-15. It has already raised more than Rs 700 crore by selling two non-core assets.
- Jaiprakash Associates plans to sell Rs 10,000 crore worth of assets in 2014-15. It has already sold assets worth Rs 15,000 crore in the second half of the previous financial year.
- Tata Steel has sold its Borivali land for Rs 1,155 crore and 4.37% stake in Titan Industries. It also plans to sell 50% stake in Dharma Port in Odisha.
- Reliance Communication has raised Rs 4,800 crore by selling fresh equity.
- GMR Infra has realised Rs 1,659 crore from sale of 40% stake in the Turkish Airport.
- Ashok Leyland has made close to Rs 400 crore by selling stake in IndusInd and Defiance Testing and Engineering Services Inc, USA
- Bharti Airtel has raised Rs 2,100 crore by selling a 4.5% stake in Bharti Infratel. It plans to sell 3,100 telecom towers in four African countries to Helios Towers.
- Lanco Infratech has sold 1,200 megawatt Udupi power plant in Karnataka to Adani Power for Rs 6,000 crore. Lanco will receive Rs 2,000 crore from the transaction, while Adani will acquire Udupi Power's Rs 4,000 crore debt.
WHY ASSET SALE MAY NOT ALWAYS WORK
- Proceeds from asset sale may be too small compared to the total debt to have any meaningful impact on the stock price.
- In some companies, debt can be due to stuck projects. In such a scenario, asset/equity sale may not have a significant impact on the stock performance.
- Some of the companies are selling cash-generating assets, which may impact their cash flow, neutralising the overall impact of the cut in debt.

Sensex surges over 400 points; capital goods stocks rallySep 18, 2014 at  04:39pm IST
Sensex recovers 139 points on hopes Fed will keep rates low
2
0
Mumbai: After two days of sharp losses, the benchmark Sensex on Thursday rebounded from three-week lows and closed with a gain of 139 points in line with positive global markets on hopes Fed will retain its low interest rate regime and China will pump fresh funds in banks to boost lending.
The 30-issue BSE Sensex on Thursday resumed strong in line with rally in Asian stocks and moved in positive terrain throughout the day before concluding at 26,631.29 -- a rise of 138.78 points or 0.52 per cent. In last straight two days, it had plummeted 568.53 points or 2.10 per cent.
On Wednesday, it had registered its worst single-day drop of 324 points in nearly 7 weeks on across-the-board selling.
The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered on Thursday as it rose 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent, to
#sensex #nifty #stocks #markets
The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered on Thursday as it rose 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 7,975.50.
"Speculation that Fed would maintain its interest rates low and boost growth for now and that China's central bank will provide the country's big banks with fresh loans - keep markets and commodities markets globally upbeat," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The US Fed's two-day policy meeting ends later on Thursday. Buying was seen in selective blue-chips but was all-round as 10 out of 12 BSE sectoral indices closed in the green. Second-line shares, which suffered the most on Wednesday, recouped some ground but underperformed the Sensex.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 828.95 crore on Wednesday while DIIs bought shares worth Rs 465.61 crore, as per the provisional data from stock exchanges.
Globally, Asian markets mostly rose Wednesday, with Shanghai leading gains. Report said the People's Bank of China would inject 500 billion yuan into the five top state-owned banks, with a view to boosting lending to businesses.
0

SanDisk launches the world s highest capacity 512GB SD card at Rs 51 990 in IndiaSep 18, 2014 at 01:54pm IST
SanDisk launches the world's highest capacity 512GB SD card at Rs 51,990 in India
45
2
New Delhi: SanDisk has launched its 512GB Extreme Pro SDXC UHS-I memory card used in cameras. It has the ability to write data at 90 MB per second making it useful for those shooting the high resolution 4k videos.
According to SanDisk, the card is designed to meet the demands of industry professionals who require the most advanced gear available for shooting 4K ultra high definition (3840x2160) videos, full HD videos (1920x1080), and high-speed burst mode photography.
Sandisk has also launched a 64 GB micro-SD card, generally used in mobile phones, which can write data at the same 90 MB per second and help users produce 4-k content.
It has the ability to write data at 90 MB per second making it useful for those shooting the high resolution 4k videos.
#sandisk #sd card #memory cards
The 512 GB SD card is priced at Rs 51,990, while the 64 GB micro SD card will be for Rs 9,700.
The company also said that in the last 11 years, it has witnessed a 1,000-times increase in the storage in the same SD card, from 512 MB to 512 GB.
23

Hyundai outbids Samsung to pay sky-high $10 bn for land in South Korea s GangnamHyundai outbids Samsung to pay sky-high $10 billion for land in South Korea's Gangnam
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.09PM IST
0
Share More
READ MORE ON » Volkswagen | South Korea | Shares | Seoul | Samsung Electronics Co Ltd | Korea Electric Power | Hyundai Motor Group
This Sept. 17, 2014 photo, shows Korea Electric Power Corp's headquarters, center, in Seoul, South Korea. The consortium led by Hyundai Motor Co. offered 10.55 trillion won ($10.1 billion) for land in Seoul's tony Gangnam district where it will build a new headquarters, on Thursday, Sept. 18, 2014. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Hyundai Motor Group will pay a record $10 billion for the site of its new headquarters in Seoul's high-end Gangnam district , out-bidding Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and sparking investor concerns that it is wasting cash on a trophy property.
The conglomerate smashed the previous record auction price for a single plot of land in South Korea with its 10.55 trillion won ($10.14 billion) bid, more than triple the appraisal value.
It would be the highest price by far for a single piece of land in Asia since the global financial crisis, according to CBRE Research, topping the $3.6 billion paid last year by Hong Kong's Sun Hung Kai Properties for a site in a commercial district in Shanghai.
Investors and analysts expressed alarm at the price that Hyundai was willing to pay for a site at a time when it could be pouring money into higher dividends or more factories. At the site, it plans to build an auto theme park and a hotel as well as new offices.
"The bid price is nonsense. I was stunned," said Kim Sung-soo, a fund manager at LS Asset Management and an investor in all the three Hyundai companies in the bidding group.
"Even taking into account competition with Samsung, the bid price is excessive," Kim said, adding that he expected it to cost another $6 billion to develop the property.
Hyundai Motor Co shares fell 9 per cent, their biggest drop in three years, after the bid was announced by the seller, state-run Korea Electric Power (KEPCO). Sister firm Kia Motors closed 7.8 per cent lower and parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co, also in the bid group, declined 7.9 per cent. Between them, the three lost nearly $8 billion in market value on Thursday.
Although Hyundai Motor Group has plenty of cash, Hyundai Motor Co and Kia, which together rank fifth by global auto sales, have been posting slowing profits as a strong local currency saps overseas earnings.
"This deal is going to take a huge chunk out of Hyundai's vault, and dipping their hands into a cash stash that could have otherwise been used for higher dividend payouts and R&D is going to aggravate many investors, especially foreigners," said Ko Tae-bong, auto analyst at HI Investment & Securities.
The companies also need to fund new factory projects in Mexico and China, which are expected to go into production in 2016.
KEPCO shares gained 5.8 per cent after Hyundai won the auction by what a KEPCO official called "a wide margin". The official did not disclose the size of Samsung's bid and a Samsung Electronics spokeswoman declined to comment.
CASH-RICH
Hyundai Motor Group's 10 listed companies, excluding financial firms, had 42.8 trillion won in cash and equivalents at the end of the first quarter, according to public filings compiled by data consulting firm CEO Score.
The South Korean economy is dominated by sprawling conglomerates, or chaebol, and Seoul-listed stocks have tended to trade at discounts to shares elsewhere partly due to low dividends and investor worries about corporate governance.
Shareholder activism in South Korea tends to be muted, as many fund houses manage money on behalf of chaebol or are themselves part of big corporate groups, said Chae Yi-bai, an analyst at Solidarity for Economic Reform, an activist group.
Foreign investors own 46 per cent of Hyundai shares.
"Hyundai Motor needs to proactively reach out to shareholders to convince them on the rationale of the deal and provide adequate explanation," he said.
Chung Sun-sup, CEO of research firm Chaebul.com, said Hyundai was keen to secure the land because its current headquarters on the outskirts of Seoul is not befitting of its stature, and the KEPCO land is the only prime plot available. He said 76-year-old Chairman Chung Mong-koo may want to leave "something big" when he passes control to his son, Chung Eui-sun.
He also figures that about 30 Hyundai Motor affiliates pay a combined 220 billion won in office rent. "If you flip that around, that's roughly equal to the amount of interest you'd get on 10 trillion won in bank deposits. So in some sense that is a rationale for such a high bid for the Kepco land."
CAR THEME PARK
While some investors were shocked, Hyundai's big bid for a landmark in the heart of Seoul's trendiest district may help ease its tax burden under proposed rules that would tax excess corporate cash.
Based on last year's earnings, companies that belong to the Hyundai Motor Group would have the largest exposure to the law, facing 284 billion won in further taxes if the government required conglomerates to spend at least 60 per cent of net profit on investment, wages and dividends, CEO Score has said.
Hyundai Motor Group has said it plans to build a vast complex on the 79,342 square metre site that will house its headquarters as well as a hotel, convention centre and a theme park. It noted that rivals such as BMW and Volkswagen have tourist attractions around their headquarters.
"In order to achieve production capacity of 10 million cars and bolster brand value that befits a global top-five company, we need a global business centre. The bid is the result of comprehensively reviewing its value as a symbol of the group's second growth phase," a Hyundai Motor Group spokesman said.
Hyundai and Kia have been keen to build a premium image around their brands to better compete with the likes of German rivals that are taking a rising share of the domestic market.
This was not the first time cash-rich Hyundai Motor Group drove up the price in a big auction.
A consortium of the same three Hyundai Motor Group companies bid around 5 trillion won in 2011 to buy Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which had been expected to fetch around 3 trillion won but had symbolic value as the original company of the Hyundai empire, founded in 1947 by Chung Ju-yung.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Oct events litmus test for Nov upswing; like Lupin: Sanju Verma08:00 am
Traditionally, the second half of the year has always been better for the markets than the first half. But this year, Sanju Verma, CEO, Violet Arc Global Managers expects September and October to be months of consolidation for the Indian market. She says the market most likely will continue its upmove from November.
"The litmus test as to how the markets will behave going forward, I think the material impact of all that will happen in the coming two months - earnings season, couple of government issuances, assembly elections - will be felt in November," she told CNBC-TV18.
She says perhaps the government should not be too worried about the bypolls and it should see it as losing a few battles, if it comes to that, to win the war and it has already won the war, considering the NDA won with an absolute majority in the Lok Sabha elections for the first time in three decades. She expects the government to table a few good bills during the winter session, including GST.
Also Read: Fed will end QE next month, 'considerable time' remains
According to Verma, if there is one thing that can derail the equity markets, it is the geopolitical tensions.
She is bullish on  Lupin despite the recent run up in the stock. She believes the stock is still attractive at current levels. However, within the pharma space itself, she does not like  Sun Pharma as the US FDA import alert issue looms over the company. Among cyclicals, she likes the metals' space, especially Tata Steel , and cement. She is bullish on Ambuja Cements .
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sanju Verma's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Do you think the market is shaping up for a near term downturn?
A: I have been reinforcing on your channel time and again that while the second half of the financial year, eight out of 10 times has been far better than the first half, this time around things will be slightly different. September and October will be months of consolidation and as I have always maintained it will be November that will see an up move because in October you have earnings season trickling in, you have a couple of government issuances, you have the assembly elections. So, the litmus test as to how the markets will behave going forward, I think the material impact of all that will happen in the coming two months will be felt in November.
While the bypoll results have been a dampener for the current BJP-led NDA, it is pretty futile to have this baptism by fire every now and then. I think you can lose a couple of battles to win the war and I think the war has been won. This is the only government that has come with a clear majority for the first time in three decades. So, I think that should give us assurance that the winter session should see some interesting bills being tabled, goods and services tax (GST) being top of the mind.
However, that said the market is certainly at cross purposes. It is not so much the US rate hike; we all know that will happen, it is a question of when. I am not even worried about the when because I belong to that camp which believes that it will happen in the second half of next financial year for the simple reason that the labour markets in the US are still looking pretty weak and 6.1 percent is the unemployment rate not because people have found jobs but because people have voluntarily chosen to opt out of the official employment rolls. That being the case, I think the Scottish polls today that is very important. It is not just another event that can be wished away given hostile and tumultuous geopolitical scenario that we are already in.
90 percent of the offshore oil production from European Union (EU) is accounted for by the UK and when you talk of UK 75 percent of the oil that UK generates actually comes from Scotland. Quantifying it in numbers Scotland adds 25 billion pounds which is USD 40 billion to the UK economy. So, how the dollar-pound pair behaves that is also very important, whether it settles in at 1.63 or whether it goes up all the way to 1.7 which is what will spell trouble. These are things that need to be ascertained because there are many moving parts to the equation.
My personal sense is that if there is anything specifically coming to your query if there is one big thing that can actually derail any rally in risk assets that is the geopolitical risk. I was reading a very interesting report by the United Nations which says that 11.7 percent of the world today is at war and it is not just about insurgency in Iraq, Syria, Iran, Middle East but post electoral chaos in most emerging markets including Kenya, Pakistan, Thailand. So, these are things that need to be taken into account. However, our markets being the typical bull that I am I think are still in a sweet spot and 10,000 plus on the Nifty is something that I am still looking forward to as we move into the next financial year.
RELATED NEWS

Modi says must resolve incursion issue soon  Xi assures China determined to finding a solutionSep 18, 2014 at  04:49pm IST
Modi says must resolve incursion issue soon, Xi assures China determined to finding a solution
1
1
New Delhi: Amidst repeated incursions by the Chinese Army along the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday expressed concern over the issue in his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Modi told Xi that it was important to address the border issue soon and the Chinese President assured that he was determined to settling the issue.
"I have expressed concern over what has happened on the borders and said that we need to solve the issue. We have to address the boundary question very soon. We have requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the Line of Actual Control," Modi said after the meeting that lasted for over an hour.
#xi jinping #narendra modi #china #chinese incursion
Xi responded saying, "China-India boundary issue is a problem which has troubled both sides for long. There have been a few incidents along the Indo-China border due to unclear demarcations. This must be settled soon. China is determined to settle the boundary question at an early date."
Modi also discussed the stapled visa issue with Xi. "I discussed India's concerns relating to China's visa policy and trans-border rivers. Early resolution would enhance mutual trust," Modi said.
India and China signed 12 MoUs during the meeting including a new route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra via Sikkim and strengthening the Indian Railways. China will invest $ 20 billion in India over the next five years.
"China will setup industrial park in Gujarat and also in Maharashtra. We talked about development in railways, encourage improvement of speed of the trains between Chennai and Mysore," Xi said. "Both PM Modi and I agree that both India and China share common development goals and philosophies," he added.
Giving more market access to Indian products, Xi said, "China will continue to take active steps to reduce the trade imbalance and provide more market access to Indian products."
Xi also invited Modi to visit China next year. "I invite PM Modi to China some time early next year. We declare 2015 as Visit India Year, 2016 as Visit China Year," Xi said.
Both Modi and Xi said that the two countries should speak in one voice. "When India and China speak in one voice, the world will pay attention. China and India will act as twin engines to promote growth and prosperity in the region," Xi said.
However, even as these talks and MoUs came, there was no end to Chinese incursions in Ladakh. The Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours on Thursday, hours before the summit meeting between Xi Jinping and Narendra Modi. According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Both the armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metre from each other.
List of Documents signed during the State Visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India
1) Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of External Affairs of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China on Opening a New Route for Indian Pilgrimage (Kailash Mansarovar Yatra) to the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China
2) Memorandum of Understanding between Ministry of Railways of the Government of Republic of India and the Government of People's Republic of China on strengthening cooperation in Railways
3) Action Plan between Ministry of Railways of the Government of Republic of India and the National Railway Administration of the Government of People's Republic of China on strengthening cooperation in Railways
4) Five year Trade and Economic Development Plan between Ministry of Commerce and Industry of the Government of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Commerce of the Government of the People's Republic of China
5) Agreed Minutes of the Tenth Session of India-China Joint Economic Group
6) Agreement on Audio-Visual Co-production between The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting of the Republic of India and the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of The People's Republic of China
7) Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the People's Republic of China On mutual administrative assistance and co-operation in Customs matters
8) Memorandum of Understanding between Indian Space Research Organisation and China National Space Administration on Cooperation in the Peaceful use of Space
9) Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Culture of the People's Republic of China on Strengthening the Exchange and Cooperation between Cultural Institutions
10) Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation between National Book Trust of the Republic of India and the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of The People's Republic of China
11) Work Plan on Drug Administration and Cooperation Between China Food and Drug Administration of the People's Republic of China And Ministry of Health & Family Welfare of the Republic of India
12) Agreement on establishing Sister City relationship between Mumbai and Shanghai
13) Agreement on establishing Sister City relationship between Ahmedabad and Guangzhou (Signed in Gujarat)
14) Agreement on establishing Sister Province/State relationship between Gujarat and Guangdong (Signed in Gujarat)
15) Memorandum of Understanding between China Development Bank Corporation and on supporting the setting up of industrial parks in Gujarat (Signed in Gujarat)
15

Sensex Surges 480 Points  Regains 27 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Sharply Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)
(Read: US Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge )
The Sensex jumped as much as 500 points (1.9 per cent) at its day's high and regained the key 27,000 peak. The 50-share Nifty also regained 8,100 by rising 1.75 per cent. The gains were stronger in the broader markets with BSE smallcap index surging nearly 2.7 per cent. ( Track stocks )
Analysts expect the US central bank to raise short-term rates only in the middle of 2015 even though it will end its monthly bond purchases in October 2014. This is good news for emerging markets, including India, which has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of Fed's easy money policy.
Overseas investors have so far this year invested close to $30 billion in Indian debt and stocks markets. This has fuelled a record-setting rally in Indian stocks and supported the rupee.
Fed's decision also pushed the Dow Jones Average to its 16th record high this year. Low rates have been a boon to the market by helping stimulate the economy and making stocks more attractive compared with bonds.
Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy and advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher, attributed today's gains to a relief rally after the Fed reaffirmed its dovish stance. There was some sense of fear and trepidation in the markets ahead of the Fed's meeting and now the fears of sudden outflows from emerging markets have abated, he said.
All the sectoral indices on the BSE were higher today with strong buying seen particularly in realty, oil & gas and capital goods stocks. Cyclical stocks had seen some pressure ahead of the Fed meeting as investors shifted to defensives such as IT and pharma and now with the Fed event out of the way buying is back in the cyclicals, Mr Bodke added.
Among top Nifty gainers, Hero MotoCorp surged 5.8 per cent while Tata Motors, L&T, DLF, Dr Reddy's Lab, and HDFC rose over 3 per cent.
The Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27,112 while Nifty ended at 8,114, up 139 points.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Rail stocks up; India  China sign MoU to extend co-operationSep 18, 2014, 03.32 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rail stocks up on Indo-China MoU to extend co-operation
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) on extending co-operation in rail, including agreement for new Mansarovar route.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rail stocks up on Indo-China MoU to extend co-operation
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) on extending co-operation in rail, including agreement for new Mansarovar route.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of rail stocks surged 5-7 percent intraday Thursday riding on an upgrade as promised by Narendra Modi in his prime ministerial campaigns. The ailing sector is all set to see an improvement after it joined hands with China which will help the nation build high-speed rail network and modernise railway stations.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) on extending co-operation in rail, including agreement for new Mansarovar route.
Both countries signed 12 agreements at delegation-level meeting.
Earlier, India and China had signed an MoU on technical cooperation in railway sector on November 26, 2012 for five years.
Railways has undertaken an exercise for technological upgradation, capacity enhancement and development of world class services.
Company

South Asia to add 1 750 new airplanes in 2014-2033: BoeingSep 18, 2014, 03.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
South Asia to add 1,750 new airplanes in 2014-2033: Boeing
The South Asian markets would account for 13 percent in volume and 11 per cent in value of the total 13,460 aircraft worth USD 2 trillion to be bought by the Asia Pacific region during the 20 year period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
South Asia to add 1,750 new airplanes in 2014-2033: Boeing
The South Asian markets would account for 13 percent in volume and 11 per cent in value of the total 13,460 aircraft worth USD 2 trillion to be bought by the Asia Pacific region during the 20 year period.
Post your opinion here
 
South Asia is expected to add 1,750 new airplanes worth USD 230 billion between 2014-2033, according to a projection by Boeing here Thursday.
The South Asian markets would account for 13 percent in volume and 11 per cent in value of the total 13,460 aircraft worth USD 2 trillion to be bought by the Asia Pacific region during the 20 year period.
Overall, Asia Pacific would account for 37 percent of the number and 39 percent of the value of the total 36,770 new airplanes worth USD 5.2 trillion to be added to the global fleet during 2014-2033, said the airplane group.
China would top the list of investors in airplanes, accounting for 6,020 or 45 percent of the 13,460 airplanes to be purchased by airlines in Asia Pacific during 2014-2033.
The country is expected to spend USD 870 billion or 43 percent of the total cost, it said.
South East Asia would be the next big buyer of the planes accounting for 3,350 worth USD 500 billion or 25 percent of the number and value.
North Asia would add 1,340 new planes worth USD 280 billion and Oceania 1,000 planes worth USD140 billion, or 13 percent and 10 percent in numbers and 14 percent and 11 percent in value.
Boeing also forecast Asia Pacific's requirement of 2,16,000 pilots out of the 5,33,000 global requirements during the same period.
Likewise, the region would require 2,24,000 airline technicians out of the 5,84,000 global requirements during 2014-2033.
Giving a breakdown, Boeing projected South Asia to recruit 33,000 pilots and 30,000 technicians during the same period.
It said China would require 98,000 pilots and 101,000 technicians while South East Asia would need 55,000 pilots and 55,000 technicians. North East Asia would require 17,000 pilots and 24,000 technicians and Ocean would need 13,000 pilots and 14,000 technicians during the 20-year period.
"The Asia-Pacific region is seeing tremendous economic growth and is set to become the largest air travel market in the world," said Bob Bellitto, director, Customer Group, Boeing Flight Services after making the projections.
"That growth rate means booming career opportunities for those interested in becoming commercial airline pilots and maintenance technicians over the next two decades.
"These are strong, stable and challenging jobs in one of the most technologically advanced industries in the world," he said at a press conference here.
RELATED NEWS

Why It s Not a Good Day to Speed on Germany s Autobahnwhy it s not a good day to speed on germany s autobahn
UCO Bank ties up with BankBazaarUCO Bank ties up with BankBazaar
Our Bureau 
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept. 18:  
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has tied-up with BankBazaar.com for online sale of its retail banking products, UCO home loan and UCO car loan.
BankBazaar.com is the world’s first neutral online marketplace and with over 1.7 million visitors a month, the bank claimed in a release.
UCO Bank, said, that it hopes to see its home loan and car loan portfolio to grow by 2000 applications a month through BankBazaar.
BV Ramana General Manager, Retail Banking, UCO Bank signed the agreement with Adhil Shetty Managing Director of BankBazaar the bank’s headquarters here in the city.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

700 Indian-owned cos in UK employ over 1 lakh persons: studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Business optimism index: India slips from top to 8th spot  shows surveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jet Airways to stop Konnect service from December 1Jet Airways to stop Konnect  service from December 1
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Jet Airways will stop its no-frills service, Jet Konnect, from December 1, offering a single, full-service product on its entire domestic network, Chairman Naresh Goyal has said. He added this was due to brand confusion among customers.
On Thursday, the airline announced all passengers booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December 1 would enjoy a full-services experience on all domestic Jet Airways and JetLite aircraft.
ALSO READ:  Jet finally gets it right by exiting no-frills segment
“The enhancement into a uniform, full-service, single brand will include a complementary meal service on board all flights, for travel effective December 1. The buy-on-board service would be discontinued, the airline said. Members of the airline’s frequent flyer programme will earn JPMiles, in line with the accrual structure for full-service flights.
ALSO READ:  Jet to scrap low-cost service by year-end
Jet Konnect was launched to compete with low-cost airlines. However, it has been unable to improve loads, with the twin-brand strategy leading to confusion among passengers.
Currently, Jet Airways operates a full-service and a no-frills brand, under two operating permits —under the Jet Airways permit, it offers full-service, as well as the Konnect service, while under the JetLite permit, it only offers Konnect services.
ALSO READ:  Why Jet failed to 'Konnect'
Under the Jet Airways permit, it operates 270 domestic flights; about 60 per cent of these offer no-frills services. Subsidiary JetLite has 12 aircraft.  Jet Airways said the switch to a single, full-service brand would result in high-quality services and operational flexibility. The airline is also reconfiguring all Boeing 737 aircraft, offering a standard configuration of 12 business class and 156 economy class seats.

SelectUSA to help resolve visa issues of Ind...You are here: Home > Collections > Investors
SelectUSA to help resolve visa issues of Indian firms
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Established by President…)
NEW DELHI: Amidst India raising concerns over visa issues with the US, an American investment facilitation body, SelectUSA, today said it would help in resolving them by highlighting them before the state administration.
"What we do as an ombudsman is that we highlight the cases (visa related). We highlight the specific situation so that the agencies responsible come into the picture and make a resolution... When it is highlighted, it gets the attention," SelectUSA Executive Director Vinai K Thummalapally told reporters here.
Established by President Obama in 2011, SelectUSA promotes and facilitates business investment into America. It is a wing of US Department of Commerce.
It helps investors find the information they need to make decisions, connect to the right people at the local level, navigate the federal regulatory system and find solutions to issues related to the federal government.
"...visa issuance continues to be a big concern for lot of our investors but we get the resolutions in a very very timely manner," he said.
He also invited Indian companies to participate in the second SelectUSA Investment Summit, to be held on March 23-24, 2015 in Washington.
At the first summit, India's delegation was the fourth largest, he said.
The Summit will serve as a platform through which investors can learn about opportunities and make the connections they need to grow their businesses in the US.
"We are here to specifically highlight the advantages and strength of doing business or considering to do business in the US," Thummalapally said.
During the summit, small and medium enterprises sector would be the main focus area, he added.
Thummalapally would also visit cities including Hyderabad, Coimbatore, Mumbai and Bangalore and meet business leaders, prospective investors and trade associations.
He will discuss the ways in which SelectUSA can help facilitate connections, answer questions from prospective investors, and demystify federal regulations.
In July, Export-Import Bank of India entered into a partnership with SelectUSA to help and advice domestic firms interested in investing in the world's largest economy.
During the meeting with Acting Deputy US Trade Representative Wendy Cutler here yesterday, Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher raised concerns with the US authorities over high visa fees and discriminatory social security benefits to Indian professionals working in America.
A US law had substantially increased the fees for H1B and L1 categories of visas for applicants which employ more than 50 persons in the US or have more than 50 per cent their employees admitted on non-immigrant visas (the 50:50 rule).
Later in the day, Thummalapally said huge opportunities are there for businessmen of both India and the US to increase engagement and step up investments.
"We are willing to go to whatever length we have to go to (help investors)," he said at a CII function.
On the visa issue, he further said that people have raised visa related concerns in the US but SelectUSA always take up the issues with respective departments and authorities.
  "...while we do not have adjudication authority (over visa issues), we can just bring them to their (authorities) attention and that expedites the process," he added.
Thummalapally said Indian investments in the US have been rising in the last few years.
About small and medium sector, he said that Indian SMEs could use their services more than that of the multi-national firms.
"We believe SMEs have tremendous potential and opportunities," he added.
When asked about India's concerns about the Totalisation Agreement, John McCaslin - Minister Counselor for Commercial Affairs at American Embassy here, said the US government is looking into the matter.
India wants early conclusion of the Totalisation Agreement with America. Under this pact, expatriates in either country need not contribute to social security schemes of the host country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MCX Goldpetal November contract slipsSep 18, 2014, 04.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Goldpetal November contract slips
Goldpetal prices on MCX were trading lower on Thursday. MCX Goldpetal November contract was trading at Rs 2756 down Rs 7, or 0.25 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Goldpetal November contract slips
Goldpetal prices on MCX were trading lower on Thursday. MCX Goldpetal November contract was trading at Rs 2756 down Rs 7, or 0.25 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 15:52 hrs MCX GOLDPETAL September contract was trading at Rs 2715 down Rs 31, or 1.13 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2743 and an intraday low of Rs 2714. So far 3491 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved up Rs 40, or 1.50 percent in the September series so far.
MCX GOLDPETAL October contract was trading at Rs 2735 down Rs 13, or 0.47 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2744 and an intraday low of Rs 2734. So far 2254 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved down Rs 113, or 3.97 percent in the October series so far.
MCX GOLDPETAL November contract was trading at Rs 2756 down Rs 7, or 0.25 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2760 and an intraday low of Rs 2754. So far 352 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved down Rs 84, or 2.96 percent in the November series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Telangana to introduce new industrial policyTelangana to introduce new industrial policy
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Adakkal (Mahaboobnagar dist), Sept 18:  
The Telangana government will bring out a legislation in the budget session to introduce a new industrial policy for the new state.
"We will give all the permissions in just fifteen days. The CMO will supervise the single window system we are going to introduce in the policy," K Chandrasekhara Rao, the chief minister, said.
Addressing a gathering after inaugurating the manufacturing facility of Cogent Glass here on Thursday, he promised a zero graft mechanism to remove all the hassles in seeing up industries.
He said the officials have completed consultations with the industry and took their feedback.
The plant, which manufactures bottles for pharmaceutical industry, is located on the Hyderabad-Bangalore highway.
He said the government would spend Rs 20,000 crore in the next five years to revitalise minor irrigation that had been completely neglected by the successive governments before the bifurcation.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Time to play equity marketsAddendum is a weekly column that takes a sometimes hard, sometimes casual, sometimes irreverent, yet never malicious look at some of the new or recent advertisements and comments on them.
Time to play equity markets?
As I write this, the bellwether indices, the Sensex and the Nifty, are hitting dizzy heights. The markets, buoyed by great confidence in the Government, are spiralling upwards. As usual, a laggard like me feels he has missed the great run-up. I also feel that getting into a market at this stage is fraught with risk. Well. Motilal Oswal would like me to think differently. In its second ad film, the Man from Motilal Oswal is back, natty suit, hat and all. And this time he wants everyone to return to equities. He feels the proportion of investors in the equity markets is just 2 per cent and it is his mission to change that. A set of situations show him meeting investors who have the same question that you and I have. And he has smart zany answers to them. In short, he feels the “time is always right.
You just have to get the stock right”. He also encourages a long and patient innings in equities and urges you to pick right and sit tight. An interesting, well-scripted film. Whether smart answers to these questions are the right answers is anyone’s guess. Show me one person who has been playing the market just right, and I’ll probably show you a liar. But yet, the message is worth considering. And who knows what the indices would be by the time this appears in print?
You know, you accept
Let’s stay with equities. They’re considered the hottest investment today. What if you lacked the guts to dive straight into the equity markets, or you are a prudent person who didn’t want to place all your eggs in one basket, or you wanted to start small and steadily grow? Then mutual funds could be your choice. And Birla Sun Life Mutual Funds is back as well (tells you something about equities, right?) with its customer education programme Jaanoge to Maanoge. We liked the first set of ads it came up with and the second instalment looks equally promising.
The film shows a concerned father taking his mischievous little son who hasn’t fared well in Math to the best tuition teacher in town. After signing what might be the cheque for the fees (I like this teacher, he accepts cheques), the father comes straight to the point and says, “So from tomorrow he will be a topper, right?” And the camera moves to show the very reassuring visage of the Birla Sun Life protagonist who tells you that this is the same attitude some people take with equities. They expect instant returns. He then implores you to be patient and directs you to the company’s customer education website for further information. The statutory information in the sign-off is also spoken at a proper, deliberate pace, not like the speeded up gibberish which makes a mockery of SEBI guidelines. Very well made, very reassuring. In perfect sync with the image of the Aditya Birla group. And that’s exactly how a financial advertisement should be. Reassuring but not in your face. Informative but not hard-sell. I like it.
Behind the scenes
The Federal Bank ads we wrote about are destined for glory. They should pick up some serious metal early next year and we won’t say “we told you so”. You have come to expect correct predictions from us. Yet, a peep behind the scenes at how these ads were made confirms what I have always said, publicly and privately, “a piece of communication is only as good as the brief that is given”. And credit for that goes to the good Prof Abraham Koshy (IIM-A) who is incidentally also Chairman of Federal Bank.
O&M was told to use the catchy tagline that read “your perfect banking partner” and infuse the spirit of partnership into it. And that’s exactly what they did. And furthermore the client and agency agree that they would not talk business in the communication. Rather bold, and that is something that really paid off wonderfully. Goes to show, a great partnership even between an agency and a client is one that ensures great communication.
Ramesh Narayan is a communications consultant. Mail your comments to cat.a.lyst@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Humming a song  Chinese First Lady charms schoolstudentsPrint
China's first lady Peng Liyuan during a visit to the Tagore International School in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:18 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 4:23 pm
“Keep working hard so you can contribute to your country,” this was the message by China’s First Lady Peng Liyuan to the students here as she interacted with the children, even humming a song with them.
During her 45-minute visit to a school in South Delhi, 51-year-old Peng, who is also a renowned singer, shared with the students some personal glimpses of her life, leaving a lasting impression on the young minds.
“I started learning calligraphy when I was young and as little as 5 years old. I was instructed by my father,” she said while applauding the lessons on yoga imparted by the school.
Peng also had words of appreciation for Indian women.
“She (Peng) told me that she had a lot of respect for Indian women. They are beautiful, hard-working and can keep the family together,” Meenakshi Sen, Principal of Tagore International School, said quoting Peng.
Peng left a handwritten message for students with her stamp on it.
“It is my genuine wish that our dear students who are here today should keep learning and working hard so you can contribute to your country. It is important to lay a solid foundation in terms of knowledge base since one is young,” she said.
But what floored everyone was the First Lady joining the students as they sang a popular Chinese folk song. “While we were singing, she joined us and started humming,” said a student Pihu Bharadwaj.
“She said that she knew the song and it was very popular back in China,” said Sen.
The visit saw students of Tagore International School and its partner school Jinyuan Senior High School in Shanghai jointly performing Tai-chi, a traditional Chinese martial art, and yoga through video-link.
The First Lady also gave the schools gifts that included some Chinese story books. The school presented Peng her portrait done by Class XI student Aradhika Chakraborty.
“She is so pretty,” said the 16-year-old girl about Peng, who is known to be style icon in China. The other students too gushed over the visiting First Lady including 11-year-old Prabhjot Singh who could not stop smiling after getting a peck on the cheek from her.
“Mam, I gave three interviews because of the peck on the cheek,” the kid told his principal, blushing. “So do not wash your cheek,” the principal said in a lighter vein.
“The interaction which she (Peng) had with us has left a very good impression on us. Both nations should work together
and have cordial relations,” said Prateek Arora (17), a Class XII student.
“We have been practising with the Chinese students over the last two weeks for this visit,” said Fabian Makhdoomi (13), a class VII student.

Hema Malini defends her remarks on Vrindavan widowsUpdated: September 22, 2014 12:02 IST
Hema Malini defends her remarks on Vrindavan widows
PTI
PTI BJP MP Hema Malini in Mathura.
TOPICS
social problems
Actor-politician Hema Malini on Thursday sought to defend her remarks that widows from West Bengal and Bihar should not crowd Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh, saying she said this in the context of how they were being ignored in their home states and government not doing enough for them.
The 65-year-old BJP Lok Sabha MP also said she had not mentioned anything that she should be “ashamed of”. Hema Malini, during a visit to her parliamentary constituency Mathura, had stoked a potential controversy when she said that Vrindavan, a holy town which is home to thousands of destitute women, should not be crowded by widows from other states like West Bengal and Bihar.
She had said that there are already 40,000 widows in Vrindavan, which is part of her constituency, and there was no room to accommodate more. The actress on Thursday defended her previous statement in a series of tweets, saying no one listened to her “actual interview” to the media.
I thk none of u have listened to my actual interview. I personally found out tht there are abt 5000 widows in Vrindavan. Spoke to some.
— Hema Malini (@dreamgirlhema) September 18, 2014
“I haven’t said anything that I should be ashamed of. I stand by my statement that they should be allowed to live with dignity. Sad state for a country once known for the respect shown to women. This is what I was trying to point out,” she tweeted.
“It is traumatic to see these poor widows begging on the streets even for their daily existence. Have all of you ever witnessed their plight? Of course I intend doing what I can to improve their condition but Vrindavan has a space limitation too. State govt too should contribute,” she added.
The actress said she had done nothing wrong by saying that “sons & daughters cannot discard their duty & cannot bundle them onto a train & forget about them”.
“For no fault of theirs, they are thrown on the streets & are compelled to beg to survive. Is ths fair? [sic] Do you think these old women deserve this fate? Also most are from West Bengal, Bihar & Orissa. My request was to these people to have a more humane approach & look after these poor widows properly.”
She said that awareness should be created in states from where the widows belonged to. Pointing out that most of these women were “abandoned by family and put on trains to Vrindavan without any money”, Hema Malini said most of them find jobs as maids or turn to begging.
Also most are frm W Bengal,Bihar &Orissa.My request was to these ppl to have a more humane approach & look after these poor widows properly.
— Hema Malini (@dreamgirlhema) September 18, 2014
“Younger ones are also exploited & then abandoned to their fate. Out of the 5000, only 1500 have a proper roof over their heads. The rest are on the streets, destitute & desperate. Of course, we are all Indians first, & have a duty towards the old & infirm in our country.”

Modi to launch  Make in India  campaign on Sep 25Sep 18, 2014, 04.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Modi to launch 'Make in India' campaign on Sep 25
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi to launch 'Make in India' campaign on Sep 25
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
Post your opinion here
 
Seeking to make the country a global manufacturing hub, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to launch the ambitious 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of global and domestic CEOs on September 25.
Hundreds of global and domestic CEOs are expected to attend the function at Vigyan Bhavan here, an official said. In his maiden independence day address, Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'come, make in India'.
Also read: Modi says must resolve incursion issue soon, Xi assures China determined to find solution
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be launched in countries having similar time zone as that of India. The move is aimed at generating huge employment opportunities in the country besides boosting trade and economic growth.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex sees sharpest single-day gain post Modi winSensex sees sharpest single-day gain post Modi win
Federal Bank closes up 2.7%; approves stock optionsFederal Bank closes up 2.7%; approves stock options
Meet India s 10 Richest Business Tycoons 2014Meet India s 10 Richest Business Tycoons 2014
Paras Petrofils to hold AGMParas Petrofils to hold AGM
World stocks higher after Fed as Scotland votesWorld stocks higher after Fed as Scotland votes
China to invest USD 20 billion in Indian infrastructure over next five yearsChina to invest USD 20 billion in Indian infrastructure over next five years
Bharat Heavy Electricals wins Rs 3563 crore contract from GSECBharat Heavy Electricals wins Rs 3563 crore contract from GSEC
Healthcare startups tying up funds to increase footprintHealthcare startups tying up funds to increase footprint
Todays Writing Instruments: Outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 04.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Todays Writing Instruments: Outcome of AGM
Todays Writing Instruments has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Todays Writing Instruments: Outcome of AGM
Todays Writing Instruments has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Todays Writing Instruments Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

DCM Shriram: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 04.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DCM Shriram: Updates on outcome of AGM
DCM Shriram has submitted a copy of proceedings of the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DCM Shriram: Updates on outcome of AGM
DCM Shriram has submitted a copy of proceedings of the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
DCM Shriram Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Manappuram Finance: Board meeting on Sept 23  2014Sep 18, 2014, 04.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Manappuram Finance: Board meeting on Sept 23, 2014
Manappuram Finance has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 23, 2014, to consider the diversification of business into Micro Finance & Financing of Commercial Vehicles.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Manappuram Finance: Board meeting on Sept 23, 2014
Manappuram Finance has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 23, 2014, to consider the diversification of business into Micro Finance & Financing of Commercial Vehicles.
Post your opinion here
 
Manappuram Finance Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 23, 2014, to consider the diversification of business into Micro Finance & Financing of Commercial Vehicles.Source : BSE

Apple lets users delete U2 albumApple lets users delete U2 album
U2
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
Apple CEO Tim Cook (L) greets the crowd with U2 singer Bono as The Edge and Larry Mullen Jr. look on during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, Calif.
Apple CEO Tim Cook (L) greets the crowd with U2 singer Bono as The Edge and Larry Mullen Jr. look on during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, Calif. (Justin Sullivan / Getty Images)
By Tribune staff
Apple iTunes
Don't want that free copy of U2's new album in your iTunes library?
Don’t want that free copy of U2’s new album in your iTunes library? Apple has announced a way to permanently delete it from your account.

Ask Matt: Do IPOs pan out for investorsGetty
Q: Do IPOs pan out for investors?
A: Investors this week are prepping for the biggest-ever U.S. IPO: Alibaba. Large investors are eager to get a piece of the Chinese e-commerce company, individuals should know initial public offerings are a risky proposition.
Shares of newly public companies between 1980 and 2012 have lagged the broad stock market by about 6% a year in the following three years, says Jay Ritter, professor of finance at the University of Florida. In other words, investors would have been better off owning the Standard & Poor’s 500 for the three year period rather than playing around with shares of speculative and untested new shares. So why is there so much interest in Alibaba? Some think the massive size of Alibaba will make it a better investment. New shares of foreign companies with more than $1 billion in revenue have performed better than IPOs at large and the broad market. Three-year gains fo IPOs of these large foreign companies have beaten the market by about 2.5% a year, Ritter says. There’s a similar effect with large U.S. IPOs. The three-year gains of U.S. IPOs with more than $1 billion in revenue beat the market by 2%. Investors may like the odds, but that’s not to say just because a company is big the IPO will be a success.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

The Apple Watch shows that Jony Ive is finally getting serious about type designMichael Silverberg @mbd_s
September 17, 2014
The jury is still out on the Apple Watch, but one small design element may offer a peek into Cupertino’s broader user-interface strategy: the custom typeface.
Although Apple has a history of developing its own fonts, for the last 20 years it has mainly relied on off-the-shelf type, most recently tapping Helvetica for its new iPhone and desktop operating systems. But when the Apple Watch was revealed last week, it boasted a new, unnamed, sans-serif font that was  developed in-house .
So why is Apple suddenly developing its own typefaces again? Erik Spiekermann , a type designer and the cofounder of the type-licensing company FontShop , says they’d be fools not to. For one, building a custom typeface is much cheaper for Apple than licensing one. “If you get a complete character set, including Cyrillic and what have you, it’s way, way more expensive to pay licenses,” Spiekermann tells Quartz. “If you’re talking about millions of units at a cent each, that’s a few hundred thousand dollars. You can design a hell of a typeface for that money.
Then there’s the matter of finding the most suitable font for a particular device—a harder task when the font isn’t purpose-built. Apple touted legibility as a reason for adopting Helvetica, but that explanation never made sense. Helvetica is famous for its aura of mid-century modern efficiency; it wasn’t designed for small screens. (Spiekermann calls it “totally useless” at the size and weight Apple has been rendering it.)
The Apple Watch typeface, on the other hand, was made to do one thing: read well on the (tiny) screen it was designed for. It borrows heavily from  DIN , a legible and space-efficient typeface introduced in Weimar Germany  for road and train signs, but updates the letterforms with rounder shapes that are better suited for a digital setting. (Ironically, it also looks a bit like Google’s own Android system font, Roboto. “Both teams were likely seeking similar functional characteristics and ended up in a similar place,” says Stephen Coles of  Typographica .)
Finally, there’s the issue of branding. “That’s been my other criticism about using Helvetica—that’s not their brand,” Spiekermann says. “Anybody can imitate that.” Not so with a custom typeface. Even though it’s not as charmingly distinctive as, say, Chicago , the new font belongs to Apple in a way that Helvetica doesn’t.
There’s a good reason to listen to Spiekermann when he talks about Apple’s typeface plans—Apple listens, too. Spiekermann has known Jony Ive, Apple’s head of design, for years and occasionally fields calls for advice from Cupertino. Spiekermann says he was offered a job at Apple in July, presumably to head a new group of type designers. He turned it down. (“I wouldn’t want to spoil my retirement with work in Cupertino,” he quipped .) But he says Apple is getting serious about building its own typefaces. That could herald better user interfaces down the line for its millions of users. With iOS 8 rolling out today with a poorly chosen typeface, it’s a reminder that Apple can do better.
Share this:

Is the Kremlin trying to grab another oligarchs oil companyEnergy Shocks
September 17, 2014
The Kremlin is being accused of a big new asset grab in a murky case against Russia’s largest mobile telephone operator.
Russian prosecutors yesterday ordered the house arrest of Vladimir Yevtushenkov, who controls MTS, Russia’s largest mobile phone operator, and Bashneft, an oil company in the region of Bashkortostan. The allegation is that he used illegally acquired assets to buy his 78.8% share of Bashneft, and that he ultimately underpaid for it, according to the pro-state website RT.com.
But the case isn’t clear-cut: Prosecutors have released no details, for example, of the asset allegations. And prosecuting and detaining a member of Russia’s billionaire oligarch class like Yevtushenkov is very rare; it has happened almost exclusively to a few powerful oligarchs who were viewed as economic or political challenges to Putin.
Yevtushenkov is being compared to the most prominent of those cases: the 2003 imprisonment of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the then-chairman of Yukos Oil, who was released in December after a decade of incarceration.
The Khodorkovsky case was largely the culmination of a power struggle between him and Putin. When it was over, Igor Sechin, an ally of Putin’s going back to their days serving in the St. Petersburg mayor’s office, had dismantled Yukos and transferred many of its most valuable assets to then-sleepy Rosneft. The state-controlled Rosneft is now the world’s largest publicly traded oil company by production, and Sechin is its head.
In July, an arbitration court in The Hague ruled that the Yukos process amounted to theft and ordered Russia to pay its shareholders $50 billion. Moscow has vowed to fight the ruling and both Rosneft and the Kremlin  reject any analogy between the Yukos and Yevtushenkov cases.
Yevtushenkov hasn’t been identified as an economic or political challenge to Putin. But Rosneft in June expressed interest in buying Yevtushenkov’s Bashneft, according to Vedomosti, a respected Russian financial daily, and analysts see similarities with what happened to Khodorkovsky.
In a note today, Daragh McDowell of risk analytics firm Maplecroft said the arrest is “most likely” part of an attempt by Sechin, Rosneft and the Kremlin to dismantle Yevtushenkov’s empire, including not only Bashneft but also MTS. The lead prosecutor “has a reputation as Putin’s enforcer,” and, given the prominence of the case, “he would not have moved so publicly against Yevtushenkov without official sanction from the highest levels.”
Andrew Kuchins of the Center on Strategic and International Studies told Quartz that he’s surprised by the detention. “Yevtushenkov had been pretty careful about keeping his head below the radar,” he said. Aleksandr Shokhin , a former vice premier and prominent public figure who now heads a prominent union, said the arrest “undoubtedly looks like Yukos No. 2.”
Share this:

Apples iOS 8 is launching todayread this before upgradingMobile Web
September 17, 2014
Apple is releasing iOS 8—its new operating system for iPhones, iPads, and iPod touches—today. It’s a free upgrade for gadgets that can run it, which includes iPhones back to the 4S and iPads back to the 2. It will be available in the General > Software Update section of a supported device’s settings app.
When to upgrade?
Not necessarily right away. While there are many benefits to iOS 8—we’ll get to those in a moment—there are also some potential complications. During previous iOS updates, many have complained about reduced battery life, especially with older devices.
If you absolutely need your phone to work as well today as it did yesterday, it might be worth holding off until enough people have updated that it’s clear there are no major issues. That said, of the iOS reviews we’ve read, including a  thorough, test-based analysis from Ars Technica , none has complained about any big problems. (And one neat feature of iOS 8 is that it will tell you which apps are using up your battery power.)
If you can afford any potential issues, go ahead and upgrade. But always, always back everything up first.
Either way, there should be a semi-major update to iOS sometime in October. This is when Apple is scheduled to add support for its new mobile-payments system, Apple Pay, and likely more features that tie into its next Mac OS X update, Yosemite, which also is expected in October. It’s possible that some bugs could be fixed before then. But that’s when the next significant release is likely.
Beware iCloud Drive
This new service adds Dropbox-like folder syncing to your iCloud account, which is accessible on iOS 8 devices and Macs if they are running Yosemite—most aren’t. RealMac Software has a good explanation article .
In short: If you rely on iCloud to sync content with an iOS app that you also access on a Mac, and don’t have Yosemite running on that Mac, don’t use iCloud Drive yet. (Choose the “Not Yet” option when prompted to upgrade to iCloud Drive.)
The best of iOS 8
Pretty much everything else about iOS 8 sounds like a solid upgrade. (See Apple’s “What’s New” page , or if you have a few hours to spare, this lengthy manual at iMore .)
You’ll be able to do more things with iOS notifications, including replying to text messages immediately. It’ll be easier to share things to other services, like Pinterest. Family members can share apps and media. Eventually, when Yosemite is released, your iPhone and Mac will work better together. Also, third-party keyboards will be available for the first time, and we’ve seen some neat ones in development. (Swype, a famous keyboard from the Android world, is launching today for 99 cents .)
And our favorite feature: You can now minimize an email you’re writing by swiping down—to look through other emails, or copy some text—without losing your work.

Stock market likes what Fed says on ratesBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 17, 2014: 5:46 PM ET
 
What the Fed is really saying
WASHINGTON (CNNMoney)
Wall Street is smiling. Although the economy is getting better, the Federal Reserve is probably not going to raise interest rates until the summer of 2015 at the earliest.
The Fed said Wednesday that it continues to believe rates should remain low for a "considerable time" after its bond buying program is complete -- which should happen following its next meeting.
Investors were pleased. They sent the Dow to a record level in the afternoon -- crossing 17,200 for the first time ever. The index closed at a new high of 17,157.
Matthew Whitbread, portfolio manager at Barings Asset Management, said investors seem to be relieved that the Fed did not make any significant changes to its policy plans. But he said that the upcoming Scottish independence vote could inject some uncertainty into the markets if Scotland votes to break its ties to the U.K.
Fed chair Janet Yellen declined to comment about the potential market impact from Scotland when she was asked about it during a press conference.
Related: The big money behind Scotland's independence vote
The Fed also gave more details about its "exit strategy" to end the stimulus efforts it has had in place since the 2008 credit crisis and return interest rates to more normal levels.
As expected, the Fed said it is reducing, or "tapering," its asset purchases by $10 billion a month to just $15 billion. So it is widely expected to announce one final taper when it meets again in October.
Investors and economists had been debating whether the Fed would keep the "considerable time" language in its statement. If the Fed had dropped those two words, it could have been a signal from the central bank that it might look to hike interest rates in the spring of next year ... earlier than expected.
Related: Why the Fed language matters so much
The Fed has kept its key short-term rate near zero since December 2008. That rate influences how much interest consumers and businesses pay on many different types of loans.
But an improving job market has put some pressure on the Fed to begin unwinding its stimulus efforts and consider raising rates to keep the economy in check.
The Dow hit a new trading record above 17,200 Wednesday.
Fed's exit strategy: To that end, the Fed released details about an exit strategy, a blueprint for how to raise rates and reduce the amount of bonds it is currently holding in its portfolio. According to new interest rate targets from individual Fed members, the median forecast for where rates will be at the end of 2015 is 1.375%.
Still, there are no significant signs of inflation yet. Consumer prices even fell in August. And it appears that the Fed may be a little less bullish on the economy's prospects for the remainder of this year and next year.
Related: Judging by inflation, it's good to be American
At the end of the day, Yellen once again proved that she, much like her predecessor Ben Bernanke, has no interest in hurting the economy by raising rates too quickly.
"She is going to err on the side of leaving rates low for a longer period of time. She does not want to do anything to risk jeopardizing the recovery," said Chris Gaffney, senior market strategist with EverBank Wealth Management. "There is no reason for the Fed to jump in here and do anything just yet."
The Fed's best estimates: The Fed released new economic projections Wednesday and cut its forecast for gross domestic product (GDP) growth slightly for 2014. The change to its 2015 outlook was more dramatic. The midpoint of its forecast is for 2.8% growth in GDP next year, down from 3.1% in June.
The central bank tightened the range of its forecasts for the unemployment rate and inflation for this year and next but the midpoints are roughly the same.
Yellen said during the press conference that although she is concerned about the rebound in the economy, the job market has not fully recovered.
She added that all monetary policy decisions will depend on the data. In other words, future rate hikes could come sooner and be more rapid if the economy strengthens further. And if the economy loses steam, rate hikes would happen later and be more gradual.
The decision was not unanimous, an indication that there is disagreement amongst Fed officials about the direction of the economy. Two members of the Fed's policy committee voted against the Fed's actions.
Dallas Fed president Richard Fisher indicated that continued strength in the economy and "continued signs of financial market excess" -- i.e a surging stock market -- may make it necessary for the Fed to start raising rates sooner.
Philadelphia Fed president Charles Plosser objected to keeping the "considerable time" language because he thinks the Fed should not make any of its decisions dependent on the calendar.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 2:14 PM ET
Most Popular

Easy norms for equity shares under FDIUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:06 IST
Easy norms for equity shares under FDI
PTI
banking
Easing foreign direct investment (FDI) norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed companies to issue equity shares to a resident outside India against any type of fund subject to certain conditions.
The RBI reviewed the extant guidelines for issue of shares or convertible debentures under the automatic route and has permitted issue of equity shares against any fund payable by the investee company, remittance of which does not require prior permission of the government or RBI. The RBI said the “equity shares shall be issued in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines and the issue of equity shares under this provision shall be subject to tax laws as applicable to the funds payable and the conversion to equity should be net of applicable taxes.”
Earlier, an Indian company under the automatic route could issue shares/convertible debentures to a person resident outside India against lump-sum technical know-how fee, royalty External Commercial Borrowings (other than import dues deemed as ECB or Trade Credit) and import payables of capital goods by units in Special Economic Zones.
The guidelines allow issuance of shares subject to certain conditions like entry route, sectoral cap, pricing guidelines and compliance with the applicable tax laws.

How Investors Are Reacting to Yellen s CommentsHow Investors Are Reacting to Yellen's Comments
How Investors Are Reacting to Yellen's Comments
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Lisa Abramowicz and Joseph Ciolli dissect Fed Chair Janet Yellen's news conference today and take a look at the market reaction to her comments. They speak with Julie Hyman on "Street Smart." (Source: Bloomberg)
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Lisa Abramowicz and Joseph Ciolli dissect Fed Chair Janet Yellen's news conference today and take a look at the market reaction to her comments. They speak with Julie Hyman on "Street Smart." (Source: Bloomberg)

Rupee plunges 25 paise against dollar in early tradeIndian rupee ducks Asia FX falls to end higher after Fed meet
Reuters  Mumbai, September 18, 2014
First Published: 09:52 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:38 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian rupee gained on Thursday tracking a rally in domestic shares on hopes the country would retain its appeal to foreign investors, despite uncertainty about the outlook for US interest rates that hit other emerging markets.
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Although emerging Asian currencies were hit, the rupee gained as Indian shares rose nearly 2% on speculation of strong foreign buying due to improving domestic fundamentals.
"The turnaround in the stock market during the course of the day on back of various rumours changed the outlook for the pair," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.83/84 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.92/93 on Wednesday.
The rupee's modest gain stood out against the 0.27 to 0.81% fall in the Indonesian rupiah, Korean won, Malaysian ringgit and the Philippine peso.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.10 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.15 billion.
Some traders said a report from news channel Zee Business that Standard & Poor's would raise its rating on India also boosted shares and bonds, even as analysts said a full grade upgrade is unlikely given that India is at a "negative" outlook.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.17/22 while the three-month contract was at 61.76/86.

It reiterated that it will raise interest ratesUS Fed offers no hint on rate rise as stimulus ends
Many investors are watching the Fed for signs of when it may raise interest rates
End of QE is whimper not bang
The US Federal Reserve has reiterated that it will raise interest rates once a "considerable time" has passed after its stimulus programme ends in October.
The announcement came at the end of a two-day meeting of the central bank's policy committee in Washington DC.
In a press conference, Fed chairwoman Janet Yellen disappointed some when she said there was no "calendar date" for a rate rise.
US markets, however, were reassured, rising in the wake of her comments.
The Dow Jones closed at a record high.
Last Updated at 20 Nov 2014, 21:27 *Chart shows local time
value
-
-1.48
Wednesday's announcement of the end of the stimulus programme, known as quantitative easing, was widely expected.
The Fed has been buying billions of dollars of bonds in an effort to keep long-term interest rates low and thus boost spending. However, as the US economy has picked up steam, the central bank has said that extra support is no longer necessary.
Now, investors are focused on when the Fed will raise its short-term interest rate, which has been at zero since late 2008.
No phrase change
Analysts, investors, and markets around the world are focusing on the central bank's phrasing that a "considerable time" will need to pass from the end of quantitative easing until it decides to raise rates.
The Fed first inserted the phrase "considerable time" into its statements in December 2012.
However, it was only when challenged in March about the meaning of the phrase that markets became spooked. Ms Yellen initially indicated "considerable time" meant roughly six months - a statement from which she has clearly backtracked.
"As I have said repeatedly, the decisions that the committee makes about what is the appropriate time to begin to raise its target for the federal funds rate will be data dependent," Ms Yellen said on Wednesday in response to questions.
"If the events surprise us and we are moving more quickly toward our objectives and the committee sees a need to move sooner, or later depending on what the data is... I do feel we have the flexibility to move," she added.
Fed chair Janet Yellen reiterated that markets must accept a level of uncertainty about the Fed's policies
"It is important for markets to understand that there is uncertainty and the statement is not some sort of firm promise about a particular amount of time."
'Confusing and not consistent'
The Fed released an updated plan to "normalise" its policy in addition to its traditional statement.
"When economic conditions and the economic outlook warrant a less accommodative monetary policy, the Committee will raise its target range for the federal funds rate," wrote the Fed, but noted that discussions about a rate rise were "part of prudent planning and do not imply that normalisation will necessarily begin soon".
That left many investors scratching their heads.
"The resulting message is confusing and not consistent," wrote Jefferies economists in a note to clients, adding that the normalisation plan was mostly summary and did not add new information.
Divided board
In a rare display of dissent, two members of the Fed's policy making committee departed publicly from the decision to keep the language surrounding interest rate rises the same.
Fed board members Richard Fisher and Charles Plosser indicated they thought "the continued strengthening of the real economy, improved outlook for labour utilisation and for general price stability, and continued signs of financial market excess, will likely warrant an earlier reduction in monetary accommodation" than the Fed was currently indicating in its statement.
So-called "hawks" have warned that if the Fed keeps its stance too loose for too long, it could encourage reckless spending which in turn could lead to a faster-than-expected rise in prices.
However, the most recent data on inflation released on Wednesday by the US labour department showed a surprise drop in prices.
Prices fell 0.2% in August from July, their first decline in more than a year, and annual inflation is currently at 1.7% - well below the Fed's target.
More on This Story

Easyjet is raising its dividendCapital Markets Day and Shareholder Returns
RNS Number : 9724R
EASYJET CAPITAL MARKETS DAY AND SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
 
easyJet increases ordinary dividend payout ratio to 40%
 
easyJet plc ("easyJet" or "the Company") is hosting a Capital Markets Day in London at 2pm today.  The event will be webcast and a copy of the presentation will be available on the corporate website shortly before the event.  No update on current trading will be provided during the presentation and easyJet will issue its pre-close statement as normal on 3 October 2014.
 
In light of the continued strong financial performance of easyJet and confidence in the future, the Board has decided to increase the payout ratio for the ordinary dividend from one third of profit after tax to 40% of profit after tax from the financial year ending 30 September 2014.
 
Further details of the ordinary dividend in respect of the year ending 30 September 2014 will be announced with the full year results on 18 November 2014.  The dividend will be subject to shareholder approval at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 12 February 2015 and will be paid to shareholders in the early part of calendar year 2015.
 
Additionally, easyJet has reached agreement with Airbus to exercise existing purchase rights over 27 current generation A320 aircraft for delivery between 2015 and 2018.  This provides easyJet with the flexibility to continue to execute its proven strategy of disciplined growth and to take advantage of profitable market opportunities.  The additional aircraft will augment easyJet's highly cash generative model and the Board will continue to keep the balance sheet under review and intends to make further returns of capital to shareholders in the coming years.  In addition, they will continue to improve easyJet's cost advantage as a current generation A320 aircraft delivers a cost per seat improvement of between 7% and 8% compared to a current generation A319 aircraft.  These aircraft are subject to a very substantial price discount from the list price1 and are expected to be funded through a combination of easyJet's internal resources, cashflow, sale and leaseback transactions and debt.
 
easyJet continues to have a high level of fleet flexibility provided by its current fleet arrangements.  As a result of the exercise of the 27 purchase rights easyJet is expected to have a fleet of 304 aircraft by 2019.  easyJet's fleet will consist of 226 aircraft as at 30 September 2014.  However, the fleet arrangements also give easyJet the ability to manage the fleet size to between 204 and 316 aircraft by 2019 depending on economic conditions and opportunities available.
 
Commenting, Carolyn McCall, easyJet Chief Executive said:
 
"easyJet's proven strategy continues to deliver significant returns for shareholders which is why we are increasing our payout ratio for the ordinary dividend to 40%.  We are bringing new aircraft into the fleet as we continue to see a significant number of new profitable opportunities in our core markets in the near term and in order to maintain our cost advantage.
 
The continued strength and execution of our business model provides the platform to deliver sustainable growth and attractive cash returns for shareholders in the years to come."
 
For further details please contact easyJet plc:
 

Alibaba to price sharesAlibaba set to price shares as investors gear up for flotation
Alibaba's charismatic founder Jack Ma is arguably China's richest man
Chinese online giant Alibaba is expected to set the price of its shares later in what could be a record-breaking initial public offering (IPO).
Alibaba could raise between $22bn (£13.5bn) and $25bn when it lists its shares in New York.
The previous record IPO was set by Agricultural Bank of China's $22.1bn listing in 2010.
Alibaba said in an official filing on Monday that it expected to price its shares at between $66 and $68 a share.
The increase suggested demand for the firm's shares is high.
The shares are due to be priced after US markets close on Thursday, and start trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Company executives and advisors have been meeting with potential institutional investors during the past week to gauge the likely demand for the shares so that they can set a price.
Trading in the 368 million shares being sold is expected to be frenetic in the early hours after the market opens.
According to financial information company Dealogic, Alibaba is expected to have a market capitalisation of about $165bn
The online retailer, which accounts for 80% of all online retail sales in China, handles more transactions than Amazon and eBay combined.
Control
Alibaba acts as an online marketplace for wholesalers, retailers, and small businesses, and handles e-payments and financial transactions. The company has also branched out into cloud computing and instant messaging.
The firm made a profit of almost $2bn in the three months to the end of June, with sales up by 46% year-on-year to $2.54bn.
Alibaba plans to use the proceeds from the listing to expand in the US and Europe, founder Jack Ma said on Monday.
Control over Alibaba will stay in the hands of Mr Ma and other company veterans. A group of 27 managers dubbed the "Alibaba Partnership" will have the power to nominate a majority of board members.
Regulators at the Hong Kong stock market objected to this structure, which resulted in Alibaba deciding to list in New York.
Alibaba says the arrangement will help it to preserve its innovative culture.
What does Alibaba do?
Alibaba Group owns or has stakes in several businesses, including:
Alibaba.com - the company's first business, a website that allows companies around the world to find a manufacturer in China
Taobao - China's largest shopping website
Tmall - offers a wide selection of branded goods to China's emerging middle class
Alipay - an online payment system that operates like Paypal
Sina Weibo - China's version of Twitter
Youku Tudou - China's biggest video site, similar to YouTube
Cainiao - a logistics operation that provides real-time access to information for buyers and sellers
Alibaba Pictures - a film production company
Guangzhou Evergrande - China's most successful football club, Alibaba bought a 50% stake in it earlier this year
More on This Story

For a more considered responseLast updated: September 5, 2014 10:13 pm
Regulators have not objected to Google’s answers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee8da9ea-334e-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ames Dyson UK design student awardBump Mark, a bio-reactive food expiry label
Using gelatine to model the decay process of food, Bump Mark is able to tell you exactly the condition your food is in, simply by running your finger over the label. If it’s smooth, then you’re good to go, but if you start to feels bumps as the gelatin breaks down, be cautious.
Solveiga Pakstaite

Maruti Suzuki bets big on CiazUpdated: September 3, 2014 20:36 IST
Maruti Suzuki bets big on Ciaz
Yuthika Bhargava
company information
Maruti Suzuki, which already dominates the compact cars segment in India, is now targeting the top spot in mid-sized sedan category with Ciaz that will be launched next month.
The company is confident of overtaking segment leaders such as Honda City and Hyundai Verna with the new model. The company claims that the new model to be the most fuel-efficient car in India.
“This is a very significant product for us. We have not conquered the mid-sized sedan segment, although we did for a brief period with the SX4. We are looking at a sustained segment leadership with Ciaz,” MSI Chief Operating Officer (Sales & Marketing) Mayank Pareek told reporters here.
The car maker has twice in the past tried to grab a share of this segment with Baleno and SX4. However, these models failed to make a significant impact.
Mr. Pareek added, “The market size of the A3+ (mid-size sedan) segment is about 16,000 units per month on an average. In the A3- segment (compact sedan), Dzire is already the market leader. We have a lot of loyal customers looking to upgrade from A3- and our premium hatchbacks and they will be a major target.”
To make sure that Ciaz is successful in the market, Maruti has trained 28,000 people on improving soft skills to sell bigger, premium cars.
“Currently, we are training around 28,000 people across our sales network on soft skills, on how to deal with premium customers, specifically for Ciaz. Entry-level small car customers are different from premium customers, who need personalised experience, and that’s what we are focusing on,” he added.
The Ciaz will be launched in the Indian market in the first week of October to cash in on the festive season sales, although Maruti has opened bookings for it from Wednesday with an advance payment of Rs.21,000 across its 1,370 outlets.
A total of Rs.620 crore had been invested on development of Ciaz, Mr. Pareek said.

have offered to take a lossPhones 4U shops closing for business
A group of bondholders in the collapsed retail chain, Phones 4U, have failed in an 11th-hour plan to rescue the company.
Holders of bonds issued by the stricken retailer had said they would cut back what they were owed, so the firm could try to cut a deal with networks.
But administrators PwC said that there was little chance the deal would succeed.
The focus was on a sale of all or parts of Phones 4U, PwC said.
Rob Hunt at PwC said there was "no realistic prospect for a debt-for-equity swap".
Mr Hunt added that selling off the business to network operators was more feasible.
Rescue plan
Phones 4U went into administration this week, putting 5,596 jobs at risk.
On Thursday, a group of creditors who hold £430m of debt issued by Phones 4U offered to swap some of what they were owed for a stake in the company.
"The bondholders would take a significant write-down on their debt which would make the business commercially viable and lay foundations for the 5,596 jobs to be saved," said US law firm Brown Rudnick, which is acting for the bondholders.
The aim would have been to persuade mobile phone operators to resume their contracts with Phones 4U after restructuring the business.
Phones 4U, which was one of the biggest mobile phone retailers in the UK, went into administration on Monday after a deal with network operator EE collapsed.
EE joined Vodafone and O2 in not renewing contracts with the company.
Accountancy firm PwC was appointed to see if any of the 560 stores and 160 concessions could be reopened or sold.
EE, Vodafone and Dixons Carphone are in Phones 4U acquisition discussions.
Dixons Carphone has offered to hire the 800 people who work in Phones 4U concessions at its Currys and PC World stores.
Blame game
The administration has led to a number of claims and counter-claims about who is responsible for Phones 4U's predicament.
Private equity firm BC Partners, which now owns the firm, has said the terms of deals with network operators were so tough that it was not possible to keep the firm going.
However, the networks have suggested the company was so indebted that it was not able to make money without unrealistic payments from operators. BC Partners has been criticised for taking £200m out of the business last year to cover its initial investment.
John Caudwell, the founder of Phones 4U, blamed the demise of his former company on the "ruthless actions" of "predatory" mobile phone networks, which the networks denied.
Mr Caudwell told the BBC's Today programme on Tuesday that the collapse of the deals was an "unprecedented assassination".
More on This Story

After Modi-Xi meeting  China agrees to quickly settle border dispute  demarcate LACComments
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday committed to resolve the border dispute with India at an early date to improve peace and cooperation between both countries.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said after summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,"he said.
Since the border is not demarcated there will be certain incidents, Xi said, adding that both sides are capable of effectively managing the situation  through border-related mechanisms so that they do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
Modi in his one-on-one meeting with the visiting Chinese president said India was "seriously concerned" about the repeated incursions along the border.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese president.
The latest incident India was referring to was the  fresh incursion by the Chinese army in Chumar area, even as talks were on between both the leaders.
Watch: Xi gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
As many as 1000 soldiers of  the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA)  reportedly encroached 500 metres into the Chumar area. The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads, Rebos, had pitched their tents is also continuing.
India also expressed concern over China's policy of issuing stapled visas to Indian citizens from Arunachal and at the dispute over trans-border rivers.
President Xi also said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) - a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
 
China promises $20 billion investment
Xi promised to invest $20 billion in infrastructure and manufacturing projects in India over the next 5 years. 12 agreements were signed in the meeting between both leaders including on projects to set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and speeding up the existing rail network in the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore sector.
China also agreed to give Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - greater access to Chinese markets. This will help India reduce the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Both sides pledged to improve people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The year 2015 will be celebrated as a 'Visit India' year in China and 2016 will be celebrated as 'Visit China' year in India.
.
 
Earlier while talking to newspersons after a ceremonial welcome at the Rashtrapati Bhawan President Xi Jinping urged both countries to pursue developmental goals together."For both our countries development is top priority. We share the same developmental goals, same developmental philosphies," he said. 
Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping presented with a model of 'charkha'/ spinning wheel at Rajghat pic.twitter.com/IwYHlSPiIL
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 18, 2014
"We are the two largest developing economies, and two biggest markets. In an increasingly multipolar world our strategic and economic ties are important. Together we can bring prosperity to 2.5 billion people of Asia and opportunities to rest of the world,"he added.
President Xi  spoke to reporters after  a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhawan . Later the Chinese president along with his wife Peng Liyuan, paid tributes at the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat.
(With inputs from Jayanth Jacob in Delhi and agencies)

Police didn t lathicharge Jadavpur Univ students'Cops didn't lathicharge Jadavpur varsity students'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 18, 2014
First Published: 15:19 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:38 IST(18/9/2014)
Kolkata commissioner of police said on Thursday the police showed restraint in dealing with Jadavpur University students, who were demanding a fresh probe into the alleged sexual harassment of a female student inside the campus, on Tuesday.
Advertisement
The students had surrounded the vice-chancellor Abhijit Chakrabarti and registrar Pradip Ghosh since Tuesday and were demanding a fresh probe into the case where a woman student was allegedly dragged into a men's hostel and sexually molested two weeks ago.
At least 35 students, who were protesting outside the university campus against the molestation, were arrested by the police on Wednesday.
"Police had shown extreme restraint, and what they had done was completely according to law," said Surajit Kar Purkayastha in a press conference, while claiming some of them were in plain clothes.
The commissioner’s claims come even as protests continued to pour in from different sections of the society against the “police excess”.
"The police received written distress messages from the vice-chancellor, and therefore, had to go there. But the accusation of lathi charge is mere falsehood. The police did not carry lathis to the campus," he said.
"We are alive to the sensitivities of stepping into educational institutes, but one cannot ignore repeated communication from the authorities if they say their lives are in danger. Who would have taken the responsibility if something untoward had happened," argued the city's top cop.
Interestingly, the police commissioner's claims were contradicted by urban development minister and the chief minister Mamata Banerjee's confidante, Firhad Hakim.
"The police should have shown more restraint," Hakim had said on Wednesday.
Students had also complained that the lights inside the campus were switched off at around 2am before the police started action. The police commissioner refused to comment on it.
"We have no idea of it. I cannot comment without investigation," said Kar Purkayastha.
He also said there was sufficient number of woman police officers at the spot after female students alleged that they were manhandled by the officers.
The commissioner also claimed they had information that there were a number of “outsiders” at the spot who were carrying "dangerous weapons".
Though the commissioner did not specify what he meant by “outsiders”, the students have claimed Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters sneaked in with the police and beat them up mercilessly.
Opposition leaders, like Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Samik Bhattacharya, immediately lashed out saying the police should declare what dangerous arms have been seized from the spot.
"These people are agents of the ruling party. What else can we expect from them? We have all seen the police has not shown any restraint. There was no need to pounce on the students after switching of the lights," said Adhir Chowdhury, state Congress president.
"I am a former student of this university. It is correct the police are obviously under pressure if they get repeated messages from the VC that his life is under threat. But the police commissioner should not resort to falsehood. Why didn't police arrest outsiders as the commissioner is claiming and why didn't they seize the dangerous weapons that the commissioner is referring to?" remarked CPI(M) leader Sujan Chakravarty.
Chakravarty also commented the primary responsibility of the incident lies with the VC.

Jivi launches entry-level smartphone for Rs 1 999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Czechoslovakia eyeing ties with IndiaCzech Republic eyeing ties with India
Jayanta Mallick
Kolkata, Sept 18:  
Czech Republic is looking for possible cooperation with India in the areas of heavy engineering.
Miloslav Stasek, Ambassador of Czech Republic to India, at an interactive session with the Bengal Chamber of Commerce & Industry members here on Thursday, said that the cooperation could also extend to power engineering, including nuclear power engineering, information technologies and green technologies.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

BHEL bags Rs 3 500 cr order for thermal plant in GujBHEL bags order worth Rs 3,500 crore for thermal plant in Gujaratj
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 17:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-owned BHEL has bagged an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State Electricity Corporation.
In a statement on Thursday, Bharat Heavy Electricals said the Rs 3,536 crore order is for setting up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district, Gujarat.
"This is the first ever project of 800 MW unit rating ordered in the country on EPC basis and is also the highest valued order placed by GSECL," it said.
The EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contract has been awarded through international competitive bidding process.
The work includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning of the unit.
BHEL has a significant presence in Gujarat with 78.3 per cent share in the installed capacity of 9,653 MW by state utilities for coal, lignite, hydel and gas-based power plants, according to the statement.
 

Japan  China want land to be reserved for them: MedhaPatkarPress Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:47 pm
Activist Medha Patkar on Thursday alleged that leaders and officials from Japan and China were visiting India as they want land to be reserved for them in the country.
“Why Japanese officials and Chinese President are visiting India? Only because, they want the land in the country to be reserved for them. That is what Modi government is doing,” she told reporters during a protest march by activists against the Rajasthan Land Acquisition Bill, 2014.
She claimed that the Bill, which was introduced in the Assembly by the Vasundhara Raje-led BJP government on Wednesday and taken up for discussion on Thursday, would lead to “hurried, hasty and undemocratic grabbing of land” and the situation would be worst than that of British era.
Patkar alleged that it was against the interests of farmers, labourers, urban poor and common people and it would bypass the central act that was passed last year.
She urged former Chief Minister and Opposition leader Ashok Gehlot to oppose the Bill.
PUCL General Secretary Kavita Srivastava, who was also protesting against the Bill, termed introduction of Bill as a move of the state government to undermine democratic and Constitutional principles and traditions.
She said the bill has provisions which will make the law draconian.

Nifty ends in green; may touch 8 300 as Fed rate concerns fadeYou are here: Home > Collections > Pullback
Nifty ends at day’s high; 8,300 seen soon as Fed rate concerns fade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 03.52PM IST
Tags:
Federal Reserve
(The 50-share index closed…)
MUMBAI: The Indian markets staged a strong comeback in trade today after a weak start. As the concerns of earlier-than-expected hike US interest rates eased, bulls took the charge. Fresh buying and bout of short-coverings helped the Nifty cross 8,100 mark.
The stocks surged nearly 2 per cent on Thursday, posting their biggest daily gain in over three months, on hopes that foreign buying would continue as country can better weather any Fed-related volatility due to improving fundamentals.
The index is close to its all-time high and the momentum suggests that Nifty will soon hit a fresh high.
The 50-share index closed at 8,114.75, up 139.25 points or 1.75 per cent. It touched intraday high of 8,120.85 and a low of 7,939.70 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 27,112.21, up 480.92 points or 1.81 per cent. It touched intraday high of 27,132.20 and a low of 26,503.08 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap was up 1.83 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 2.69 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital Goods Index surged 2.84 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index was 2.67 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Bankex advanced 1.98 per cent.
"The uncertainty relating to the FOMC was clarified yesterday and markets are confident of it. The Fed chief saying that rate hike will happen only by October next year gave a lot of sentiment boost and that was the key reason for the market rally ," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Mintdirect.com.
The US Federal Reserve has reduced its asset purchase program from $25 billion per month to $15 billion per month. It has also noted that the QE3 is likely to be terminated next month, if outlook remains conducive.
The US central bank did not give any clarity on the timing of a possible interest rate hike. It is expected low interest rates could be maintained for a considerable time even after assets purchases end.
"So as long as foreign money and positive newsflow from the government keep coming, this ride is not going to end so soon. We could see some small corrections but the secular trend is up and clearly even in this expiry my sense is anything above 8,150 looks possible, Gorakssakar added.
The Nifty witnessed a strong intraday pullback and is up nearly 180 points from day's low. This has made technical analysts bullish on the market.
"This sort of large range bars give confidence that now 7,950 is it. The market should move higher from here. The good thing is that all sectors whether it is banking, IT, large cap, everything is moving. This is a kind of thing which makes news highs so good chance that we should cross 8,200 in this go and maybe move higher from here, said Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral.com to ET Now.
According to Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, the early highs of 8,180 will be revisited and possibly crossed.
"We should head towards 8,250-8,300 as the market has made a comeback with some kind of vengeance. The advance-decline is very strong and there is multisectoral participation. All these things point out that possibly the correction is clearly over and we are heading at higher levels," he told ET Now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kiwi dollar is victim of fundamentalsKiwi dollar is victim of fundamentals
By Jamie Chisholm
Growth cycle may have peaked as commodities fall
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03e5539a-3f09-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

a "gentle slowing" in the housing market from now onMortgage appetite starting to wane, says CML
Mortgage lending has picked up since the financial crisis
Does your house make more than you?
Borrowers' appetite for home loans is "starting to wane" despite an annual rise in mortgage lending, say lenders.
Gross mortgage lending hit £18.6bn in August, down 5% on July but 13% higher than a year earlier, the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) said.
It added that the seasonally-adjusted figure had been relatively flat since the start of the year, suggesting activity was at a plateau.
It is predicting a "gentle slowing" in the UK housing market from now.
This was partly the result of a deceleration in London, which has witnessed frantic activity and double-digit price rises at times in the last year.
The latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) showed that house prices in London rose by 19.1% in the year to the end of July.
Overall, UK property prices were up 11.7% over the same period.
Other surveys have suggested a slight slowdown over August.
Richard Sexton, director of e.surv chartered surveyors, said: "The mortgage market may have paused for breath in August, but the recovery is still in full swing. However, it is patchy at best. Some areas of the country are operating on fast-forward, but other areas are still at a standstill."
A number of lenders have reduced the interest rate on some of their fixed rate mortgage deals in recent weeks, with little indication of an imminent rise in the Bank rate set by the Bank of England which is still at a historic low of 0.5%.
House price calculator

SBI  Exim Bank of China ink pact for $1.8-bn line of creditSBI, Exim Bank of China ink pact for $1.8-bn line of credit
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
State Bank of India and The Export Import Bank of China have signed a framework agreement for a Line of Credit (LOC) of $1.8 billion to be offered by the latter.
The LOC will be utilised for projects involving import of Chinese raw materials, energy, equipment, mechanical and electronic products, complete sets of equipment, high and new tech products, energy projects, infrastructure and construction projects and any other projects mutually agreed upon by the two banks.
The agreement is expected to be an important building block in the push to the infrastructure sector initiated by the new Government, which is expected to require an investment of over a trillion dollars over the next few years, the bank said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

CBI summons CPM leader and another Trinamool MP in Saradha scamCBI summons CPM leader and another Trinamool MP in Saradha scam
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept. 18:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has summoned for questioning Trinamool Congress MP Suvendu Adhikari and CPI-M leader Rabin Deb in relation of the multi-crore Saradha scam.
Deb, will be the first CPI(M) leader to appear before the central agency for questioning.
Sources aware of the matter said that the CPI(M) leader is likely to be questioned on his role regarding the sale of a television channel to the Saradha Group.
Deb, however, is said to have expressed his inability to be present immediately citing prior commitments.
So far the CBI – probing into the multi-crore Saradha Scam – has made four arrests, three in West Bengal and one from Assam.
The arrested include Trinamool Congress leader and former IPS officer Rajat Majumdar; East Bengal Club official Debabrata Sarkar and businessman Sandhir Agarwal. Film director and singer, Sadananda Gogoi of Assam was also arrested.
This apart, the central agency has also grilled Trinamool MP, Srinjoy Bose.
The Enforcement Directorate is carrying out a parallel probe in the matter.
The Saradha Group, which went bust in April 2013, had been involved in various Ponzi and illegal money deposit schemes. It duped several investors across the State of West Bengal, Assam, Odisha and Bihar. Sudipta Sen, Group Chairman of the Saradha Group was arrested later that month by the West Bengal police.
The other high profile arrest in the case has been that of now suspended Trinamool Congress MP, Kunal Ghosh. Ghosh, used to head the media business of the Group.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

EPFO mandates provision of workers  bank a/c numbersEPFO mandates firms to provide workers' bank account numbers for easy PF transfer
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:34 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Retirement fund body Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees' bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
The EPFO headquarters has asked its over 120 field offices to seek the core banking account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch for seeding the same with the portable Universal PF Account Number (UAN).
"Government issued direction to issue order making submission of Bank Accounts by the members mandatory in order to facilitate the allotment of UAN, proper implementation of the EPF Scheme, 1952 and removal of the difficulties in the matter of payment of accumulations in the Fund to members after they cease to be such members," an office order said.
EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner KK Jalan has said that these directives shall help the body in getting the bank account details of all the members which are necessary for making UAN operational.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 1.80 crore employees, PAN details in respect of 86.9 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 28.2 lakh employees.
The EPFO is in the process of making portable Universal PF Account Number (UAN) operational for its 4.17 crore contributing subscribers by October 15.
The body had started the process of seeding the 4.17 crore UANs with subscribers bank account numbers, PAN, Aadhaar and other Know-your-Customers (KYC) details to improve the delivery of its services in July this year.
As per the office order, the firms will have to furnish the information regarding the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of existing members by October 15.
Besides the employers shall provide the information regarding bank account and IFSC code in respect of previous members under their employment by October 31.
The order further stated that every employer henceforth will provide the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of every new member on joining the Fund .
As per the order, the subscribers of the fund who are presently not employees of any establishment, will provide their core banking account numbers with IFSC code of the bank branch, a crossed cheque folio with member's name printed thereon and their previous PF account number themselves at any Regional or Sub-Regional Office of the EPFO. These category of members shall be provided this information by November 31.

Heres why Apples latest iOS 8 is worthinstallingGoogle's Android software can't compete with iOS' evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables.
AP | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:51 pm
The scores of new features in Apple’s software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.
Google’s Android software can’t compete with iOS’ evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables. Apple knows what goes into the few products it makes and can break down the walls between them.
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won’t get all the new features. The new software will also come with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come out Friday.
Here’s a look at those ‘unity’ features and why iOS 8 is worth installing:
You can start tasks on one device and finish on another.
Let’s say you’re typing an email reply on your iPhone when you realize the message will be quite lengthy. You can pick up your iPad and finish there. With the upcoming Yosemite update for Mac computers, liking coming next month, you’ll be able to use the Mac’s physical keyboard, too.
Picking up a task on a second device is easy. Just slide up the small app icon on that device’s lock screen, be it an iPhone or an iPad. On Macs with Yosemite, click the icon on the bottom left.
For now, this capability is limited to a handful of apps, including Apple’s Maps, Calendar, Mail, Messages and the Safari Web browser. And when you try to open a Web page on a second device, you still have to scroll down to where you were. With Maps, on the other hand, it takes me to the location I was viewing on the other device.
This feature, known as Handoff, will be more useful once outside developers take advantage of it. LG and Samsung have offered similar integration of their phones and tablets, but neither does it as extensively.
You’ll be able to use your iPad or Mac to send texts or make phone calls.
Currently, you can send text-like messages from iPads and Macs with the Messages app, but the recipient also needs Messages. That excludes Android users. With iOS 8, those iPad and Mac messages will get relayed through the iPhone, so you can reach any other phone. The texting capabilities won’t be coming until next month, though.
What you can do now is use the iPad and the Mac to make and receive calls. The devices have to be on the same Wi-Fi network, so this won’t help if you left your phone at work. But it’s useful if the phone is charging in another room. Call quality was about what I’d expect from a speakerphone.
You’ll be able to do more without switching from app to app.
If a text message comes in as you’re browsing the Web, you can pull down the notification and reply right there. You don’t need to leave the Web browser and launch Messages first. You can also delete an email or accept a calendar invite that way.
There are some limitations, though: You get only one reply for text messages. You then have to wait for another message to come in or open the full app. With email, you can mark a message as read or delete it, but you can’t reply. Like Handoff, this will be more useful once more apps take advantage of it and let you do more.
Meanwhile, if you’re chatting with a bunch of friends, you can see their locations (as long as they’ve shared it) without having to leave Messages to open a separate Find My Friends app.
Members of the same households can share calendars and music more easily.
You pick up to five family members to join your network, for a total of six. These need to be people you trust, as they’ll be using your credit card to make purchases. You can require approval for purchases, such as for kids’ accounts.
Family members will be able to share each other’s books, music, video and apps, so Mom, Dad and Junior won’t need to buy separate copies of the “Frozen” movie. A family calendar and a shared photo album also get set up. The individual still gets to decide which photos and videos show up there for other family members to see.
And there’s more …
The walls between Apple apps and third-party apps are breaking down. For example, outside developers will be able to use Apple’s fingerprint authentication system with iOS 8. Before, it was limited to a few Apple services.
Beyond these “unity” features, owners of the new iPhones will be able to pay for goods simply by holding their device near a credit card terminal at retail stores. All iOS 8 users get quicker ways to type messages and reach favorite and recent contacts.
Although you don’t need to rush out to upgrade your devices right away, it’ll eventually be worthwhile to do so, especially if you have a recent device or multiple Apple devices. While last year’s iOS 7 offered cosmetic changes and new gesture controls, this year’s update comes with plenty of new functionality.

Breivik s father feels guilt over son s dark pathUpdated: September 18, 2014 17:21 IST
Breivik's father feels guilt over son's dark path
AP
AP Jens Breivik, the father of Norwegian terrorist Anders Behring Breivik speaks at a press conference in connection with the launch of his book, "My fault?", in Oslo, Norway, on Thursday.
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
The father of Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik says he fears his son is becoming even more extreme and dangerous in prison.
In his first news conference since the July 22, 2011, attacks that killed 77 people, Jens Breivik said on Thursday he had requested to visit his son at the Oslo area prison where he is serving a 21-year sentence that could be extended indefinitely. But the convicted terrorist and right—wing fanatic rebuffed him in a letter, saying his father had to adopt a “fascist” ideology for them to have any contact.
“The letter scared me,” the elder Breivik told reporters in Oslo in connection with the launch of his book “My fault?”
“I think he’s just becoming more and more extreme. Maybe he’s becoming more dangerous, too. I don’t know.”
A self—described “militant nationalist” on a crusade to rid Europe of Muslims, Breivik set off a powerful bomb that killed eight people in Oslo’s government district. He then went on a shooting rampage on Utoya island, killing 69 people mostly teenagers at the annual summer camp of a left—leaning youth group.
“I think a lot about those who lost their lives and those who were injured,” Jens Breivik said. He spoke slowly. At times his voice cracked. “I wish I could ask for forgiveness on Anders’ behalf.”
In a series of letters to media organizations, including The Associated Press, Breivik claims he has abandoned his armed struggle and regained faith in democracy after the Nazi—inspired Golden Dawn party’s election success in Greece. He says he wants to found his own fascist party from prison.
“As an ex—militant, my heart cries for the barbarity that I carried out,” he wrote in a letter dated Aug. 18 this year. “But mostly I’m sorry that barbarity is useful in the struggle for democracy.”
Breivik said he would be prepared to apologize to the families of his victims, but only after the “political exclusion” of fascists in Norway ends.
Breivik grew up with his mother in Oslo and had only intermittent contact with his father, a Norwegian diplomat who remarried and moved to Paris. Jens Breivik said he regretted losing a custody battle for his 4—year—old son after social workers expressed concern about his well—being.
“I could have influenced him in a positive direction. But it didn’t happen,” he said.
They met three or four times a year but after his son turned 16 they lost contact something Jens Breivik said he felt guilt over.
“If I had had more contact with him, If I had been a better father, then maybe he would have been a different person today,” he said, adding that he never saw any signs during his son’s childhood that foretold his sinister path toward extremism and violence.
“It’s completely unfathomable to me that my own son would have done such a thing. I will never understand it,” he said.

Vijay Mallya summoned by local courtComments
Kingfisher Airlines chairman-cum-managing director Vijay Mallya has been summoned by a court in Bulandshahr on a pilot's petition alleging that the company was withholding his payment dues.
Finding Mallya "prima-facie" guilty of fraud and criminal breach of trust (under section 420 and 406 of IPC), Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Umakant Jindal has summoned him along with company Vice Chairman Roopi Arya.
The court's order came in the wake of a complaint filed in court by a co-pilot of the airline contending that the accused were not paying his dues amounting to over Rs. 28 lakh notwithstanding a written assurance by Arya.
Akash Sharma, the complainant, asserted that he had joined Deccan Aviation Company as a co-pilot in 2006 which was later taken over by Kingfisher that later abandoned its operation in 2012.
Despite assurances by Arya, Rs. 28.50 lakh were not paid to him, he alleged in his petition.
The court has also directed Superintendent of Police Bengalaru to ensure attendance of the accused in court of ACJM here on October 6.

But as the Times reportsGabriella Swerling
Last updated at 12:01AM, September 18 2014
Millions of fans worldwide tune in to watch him every day, his pronouncements are retweeted thousands of times within seconds, his book went straight to the top of the bestseller list — and you have probably never heard of him.
Alfie Deyes has built a legion of teenage female fans by uploading daily homemade videos to the internet, viewed 37 million times last month alone. Now he is taking the publishing world by storm.
It emerged yesterday that Deyes, 21, will on Saturday become the first author to have a standalone book signing at the ExCel arena in London, such is
Subscribe now

blogs: Draghi [ECB president Mario Draghi]More debt before Christmas…
This morning’s Public Sector Borrowing Requirement showed the government borrowing £7.7bn more than it received in revenue in October.  So far this year the government has racked up £64.1bn of debt, actually up £3.7bn from last year.  And yet the economy has grown around 3%. This makes any Christmas giveaways in the Chancellor’s Autumn statement on 3rd December difficult.  Like many […]
Centrica – no longer boring.
“May you live in interesting times” is supposedly an English translation of a Chinese curse.  But many sources claim there is no such original Chinese proverb.  Even so shareholders are feeling the pain of Centrica being a far more “interesting” investment that they may have wanted it to be. Since Ed Milliband’s attack on the industry in September last […]
RBS £56mn poorer….
I am beginning to feel like Bill Murray, playing a weather man in the film Groundhog Day.  I have written about bank fines so many times before.  It is beginning to feel like a daily occurrence. Such are the clean up costs of past failures, these fines seem not to “extraordinary” or “exceptional” items – one off costs […]
Easy peasy Easyjet…
Making it look easy… If a woman is going to run a company it may as well be a great one. Easyjet share price has almost quadrupled over the last few years from £4 to over £15.  Its a compelling story of a well run company.  And there are a number of lessons that plenty of companies could […]

will lead to 167m more in annual tax evasion.Car tax disc changes prompt clash between RAC and DVLA
 
Motorists' organisation the RAC and the DVLA have clashed over the policing of car tax amid changes to the system.
The paper system of tax discs will be replaced by an electronic system on 1 October.
The RAC has claimed that the change will result in extra tax evasion amounting to about £167m a year.
But the DVLA said that it was "nonsense" to suggest the change to an automated system would lead to an increase in evasion.
'Proven record'
The disc was introduced in 1921, but DVLA officials say it is no longer needed, with the DVLA and police now relying on an electronic register and automatic number plate recognition.
All motorists will no longer need to display the disc in their vehicle's windscreen from 1 October, so existing discs can be removed.
Under the new system, drivers will also be able to pay their tax by monthly direct debit. Buyers of used vehicles will have to renew the tax when the car is bought.
A survey by the RAC of more than 2,000 drivers showed that 36% were unaware of the scrapping of the paper disc, while 47% did not know when the change was due to take effect.
The poll also showed that 63% feared there would be a rise in the number of untaxed cars on the road.
David Bizley, the RAC's chief engineer, said: "We could be looking at around £167m of lost revenues to the Treasury, far exceeding the £10m that will be saved by no longer having to print tax discs and post them to vehicle owners."
But a DVLA spokesman said: "There is absolutely no basis to these figures and it is nonsense to suggest that getting rid of the tax disc will lead to an increase in vehicle tax evasion. We have a proven track record in making vehicle tax easy to pay but hard to avoid, with over 99% of all vehicles taxed."
Oliver Morley, chief executive of the DVLA, argued that there was no requirement for a TV licence to be displayed in a window at home, but the system was still policed, so the same theory would hold for car tax.
He said it would be a simple task for the public to check online to see whether a vehicle has been taxed.
Vehicle tax was introduced in the 1888 Budget and the system of excise duty applying specifically to motor vehicles was introduced with the Roads Act 1920, with the tax disc appearing the following year.
 

Deltron: Outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deltron: Outcome of AGM
Deltron has informed that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 17, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deltron: Outcome of AGM
Deltron has informed that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 17, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Deltron Ltd has informed BSE that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 17, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Avanti Feeds: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Avanti Feeds: Updates on outcome of AGM
Avanti Feeds has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 02, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Avanti Feeds: Updates on outcome of AGM
Avanti Feeds has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 02, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Avanti Feeds Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 02, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Darrell Hammond Returning to  Saturday Night Livedarrell hammond returning to  saturday night live
Hilaria Baldwin s Must-Do Yoga Poses for Sound Sleephilaria baldwin s must-do yoga poses for sound sleep
Futures gain on Fed support  S&P to test recordWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Rupee closes at 60.83 as against US dollarRupee closes at 60.83 as against US dollar
GVK Hancock advances Galilee Basin rail line developmentGVK Hancock advances Galilee Basin rail line development
Sensex ends 481 pts up on Fed cheer  China ties: Road aheadSensex ends 481 pts up on Fed cheer  China ties: Road ahead
Reliance Jio  GTL Infra in tower-sharing dealReliance Jio  GTL Infra in tower-sharing deal
Rasi Electrodes to hold board meetingRasi Electrodes to hold board meeting
Nifty September 2014 futures above 8100Nifty September 2014 futures above 8100
Very bullish on banks  pharma  metals IT: LIC s RoyVery bullish on banks  pharma  metals IT: LIC s Roy
Commercial real estate space would probably find takers: Deven ChokseyCommercial real estate space would probably find takers: Deven Choksey
Bhatinda Chemicals: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 18, 2014, 05.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bhatinda Chemicals: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Bhatinda Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bhatinda Chemicals: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Bhatinda Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Bhatinda Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

J. Kumar Infraprojects: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 18, 2014, 05.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
J. Kumar Infraprojects: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
J. Kumar Infraprojects has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
J. Kumar Infraprojects: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
J. Kumar Infraprojects has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
J. Kumar Infraprojects Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Nicco Parks & Resorts: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nicco Parks & Resorts: Updates on outcome of AGM
Nicco Parks & Resorts has submitted a copy of the Minutes of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nicco Parks & Resorts: Updates on outcome of AGM
Nicco Parks & Resorts has submitted a copy of the Minutes of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nicco Parks & Resorts Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Larsen & Toubro bags contract in OmanLarsen & Toubro bags contract in Oman
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 03:00 PM IST
Larsen & Toubro's overseas subsidiary L&T Oman LLC has bagged a contract from the Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, the company said today.
"The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won an order from the Ministry of Defence, Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate," a release issued here said.
The company, however, did not disclose the value of the contract.
"We have been gradually establishing our credentials in the Middle East, especially in Oman, as a construction organisation of calibre with the successful execution of many prestigious projects including the Salalah International Airport.
"This order that we have won is a reaffirmation of our capability to deliver projects of magnitude and high criticality with superior quality within stipulated timelines," company's Senior Executive Vice-President (infrastructure and construction) S N Subrahmanyan said.

Made to order: a Herms sari  Canali bandhgalaLap of luxury Sooner than later, versions of Fifth Avenue will be mushrooming across the country as India demands bigger, better.
Global brands are imbibing Indian values to boost luxury consumption
Luxury seems to have found a new address in India, with emerging cities and small towns contributing to nearly half of the country’s Ultra HNH (high-net worth household) segment.
In other words, luxury brands are finding new patrons who have both money as well as taste from small towns.
Big markets
This is an evident change since non-metro regions today account for nearly 45 per cent of lucrative growth opportunities for the luxury segment players in India. Luxury consumption is not restricted to the metro cities any more. Region-specific sales figures and increasing demand of consumers clearly reflects the growing desire for luxury goods. International luxury brands are on their toes to cater to this new segment of customers who belong to Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities and contribute to 70 per cent of luxury consumption sales.
According to a recent Kotak report, 55 per cent of the total revenue is generated from major metro cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Kolkata. The other top locations which contribute to the rising sales figures include Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Pune, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Ludhiana. They account for 16 per cent of sales while 7 per cent of the revenue is generated by Tier 2 cities such as Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Kanpur, Indore, Vadodara and many other such cities. The remaining regions generate 22 per cent of the total luxury segment sales.
Witnessing the current scenario, Indianisation and localisation are increasingly becoming differentiators of success with new customers in new markets.
Luxury brands no longer deal with just the elite and well travelled urban customer. New segments, today, comprise potential targets for luxury brands. Brands are responding by introducing local, Indian elements to their products— Canali Bandhgala, Hermès Sari, Moët’s Indian version of wine and various other products are being introduced to grab the attention of new customers.
Customisation
Lifestyle brands are signing up with Indian designers and are hiring relationship managers who speak local languages and are tweaking their offerings to suit Indian festivities and occasions. They are increasingly targeting the big fat Indian weddings with customised versions of products to cater to customer needs.
Education in luxury
Indian HNI customers are highly fragmented and divergent in their mindsets – from the traditionally wealthy, who are habitual spenders, to entrepreneurs or owners of SMEs who are new entrants and more prudent. This not only necessitates brands expanding their range of products but also calls for a more “inclusive” customer service. With the evolvement of the local market, several luxury brands have “Indianised” their pitch to suit shoppers. This includes focusing on educating shoppers new to luxury goods and more comfortable in regional languages, and making them feel more comfortable and connected. The luxury players are likely to remain convinced about India’s demand story, as growth in large markets continue to get saturated.
With the growth of luxury consumption, brands are bound to increase their experiential initiatives in India. Customisation to match the taste of the customer will be the next big trend. It is only a matter of time, and soon versions of Fifth Avenue will be sprouting up across the country, for India demands more. And it is only fair to say, luxury is here to stay.
Mishti Bose is Group CEO, Quintessentially Lifestyle
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Happy Marketing Teachers DayTweet
A tribute to the teachers who taught us all about consumers and marketing
September is the month we celebrate Teachers’ Day. On September 5, the birthday of Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, we bow to thank our teachers for everything they have taught us. Dr Radhakrishnan was a legendary teacher himself, having taught at places as diverse as Madras, Mysore, Calcutta, Banaras Hindu University and Oxford. He went on to become the second President of India, and indeed it is a privilege for a country to have a teacher as its head of state.
Great teachers of marketing
In celebration of Teachers’ Day, this column is therefore dedicated, on behalf of all marketers, to the great teachers of marketing whom we have all learnt from in our colleges and business schools. I still recall the red-brick classrooms of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad three decades ago, where legendary professors such as MN Vora and Abhinandan Jain taught my fellow students and me the art and science of marketing. Leading us through case studies on brand propositions, sales networks, market segmentation and consumer research, they opened our eyes to how brands could wow consumers, and how marketers could win or lose the world.
How often they pulled apart our logic to shreds in front of an entire classroom, when we imagined that we had “cracked open” a case! They showed us the fallacies of marketers, and how to scrupulously avoid them. And they also showcased to us some brilliant insights and ideas, which have stayed with me as vivid as ever, after all these years. If many of us from my batch in IIM-A spontaneously chose marketing or sales or advertising as our profession (and many of us did), one key reason was the passion for this subject with which our great teachers infected us.
Gift of knowledge
Similar to my own experience, I am sure each of you will recall your great teachers of marketing, from your respective college days. If you are still a student in a business school, then of course you have the privilege to enjoy these wonderful interactions even today with your professors, before you eventually step into the corporate world as a practising manager. For the rest of us, we carry the wonderful memories, and, most importantly, the invaluable knowledge that they gave us.
There is no greater gift than knowledge because it is knowledge that gives us the power to shape our own careers and lives. The excellent university in which I completed my undergraduate studies, BITS Pilani, highlights this fact in its timeless Sanskrit motto – “Gnaanam paramam balam” “Knowledge is Power Supreme”. Our teachers gave us this gift, and we should pause for a moment on this day to remember them fondly and pay them our tribute.
From my own experience, I can say that great teachers of marketing share some common attributes. Here are three of these attributes – Love, Lead and Life. Perhaps these “three Ls” are true of teachers of all disciplines, but let us examine them here in the context of our specific area.
First and foremost, these great teachers love the subject of consumers and marketing. As they stride across the classroom and put forward to us concepts and stories, you can feel in their voice and energy the rare passion that can only come with love. This is why they made such a deep impact on us. I can attest that Professor Abhinandan Jain’s classes on consumer research at IIM-A were more memorable, provocative and impactful than some of the finest movies or works of literature that I have seen or read. Such love for the subject also comes, I think, from dispassionate and deep thought about consumer behaviour, which is at the root of all good marketing.
Leading us to new doors
Great teachers also constantly lead us to new doors of knowledge. Perhaps the best known example of this in the area of marketing is Professor Philip Kotler, whose classic book on the subject has, for so many years now, opened new windows in millions of eager minds. Will we ever forget the simple yet compelling manner in which he put forward to us the four Ps of marketing – product, price, place and promotion – with accompanying flow-charts and boxes on every single black-and-white page of that incomparable thick book? Professor Kotler is scheduled to be in India later this year (in Mumbai, on November 18) and I am looking forward keenly to meeting up with a teacher who has never lectured me in the classroom but has taught me many fundamental things I need to know through his timeless book.
Living the stories
Legendary teachers live the art of marketing through wonderful storytelling. They bring concepts and theories to vibrant life through remarkably apt stories of brands or consumer insights or sales and distribution systems, which illustrate big successes or equally big failures. I will never ever forget the story of the big success of Ford’s Model T, or the even bigger failure of Ford’s Edsel, or the story of iconic Indian brands such as Surf or Liril, or indeed the failure of New Coke, as narrated by Professor Vora or his fellow Professors at IIM-A. I am sure each of you will remember marketing concepts through the stories your teachers have narrated, rather than through the theoretical frameworks alone.
For the fraternity of marketers, I think this specific aspect of great teaching also emphasises, in its own way, the importance of storytelling in our lives. We need to tell the stories of our brands and products superbly, because that is what consumers ultimately buy.
It is equally important to remember that, for many of us who have been in the corporate world for a longish time (and certainly for me) some of our best teachers of marketing were not only in the classrooms of our colleges, but also in the cabins and cubicles of our workplaces. Think of the senior managers and supervisors who were our bosses, with whom we walked the markets or discussed brand launches or campaigns, and the many lessons we have learnt from them over the years.
All these great managers shared the same three Ls – Love, Lead and Life – with the legendary professors of our youth.
This emphasises the need for each of us, who are senior marketing professionals in organisations, to invest time, genuine effort and the “three Ls” in imparting our knowledge and lessons from our own case studies to our less experienced yet very eager colleagues. That is how we can create learning organisations which become sustained champions of the art and science of marketing. So, even as we salute our teachers on this special occasion, may I end this tribute by encouraging each of us to become very good teachers ourselves. Happy Marketing Teachers’ Day!
Harish Bhat is the author of “Tata Log : Eight modern stories from a timeless Institution”. These are his personal views. He can be reached at bhatharish@hotmail.com
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Why cant you spare me the troubleWhy can’t you spare me the trouble?
Sravanthi Challapalli
Tweet
The Hindu A spare for everything? Vintage car and motorcycle spare parts at an ‘Autojumble’ organised by Heritage Motoring Club of India in New Delhi
Often, the lack of spare parts is blamed for the delay in customer service. Read on to find out why
I still haven’t forgotten the trauma of having to live without my washing machine for six weeks, and my microwave oven for over two weeks several years ago. I know I have said this on and off, but bear with me. More recently, my rather brand new top-of-the-line, big-brand-name TV went kaput, and I had to wait a month before I could indulge in the perverse pleasure of nixing my least favourite anchors into nothingness. In all of these instances, the reason given for the delay was that spare parts were not available.
I’m sure this is a problem you are familiar with too. Why do companies seem to be out of spare parts always? Where does the problem lie?
In its predictability, or rather, the inability to predict the consumption of spare parts, says HG Raghunath, CEO - Watches & Accessories Division, Titan Company. “Along with production quantity, we plan spare parts stocks too. But nothing is perfect in spare parts management,” he observes.
Here’s how complex it can get: Depending on the product (machine/car/watch), there could be thousands, hundreds or tens of spare parts and several of them are unique because of the models they come in. Add a host of other problems such as obsolescence and the spare parts vendor shutting shop, and that is why we are forced to make do without our beloved appliances once in a while.
Says Marzin Shroff, CEO, Direct Sales and Senior Vice-President, Marketing, Eureka Forbes: “There are a lot of fly-by-night companies in the consumer durables business. Often, Indian manufacturers import spare parts from other countries. After three years, that company moves on and the manufacturer here is stuck. We depend a lot on the outside world, but we need more indigenous manufacturing.”
PK Haridasan, GM & Head - Customer Service, V-Guard, says it is necessary to tie up with a vendor, especially for models that are no longer in the market. Also, a tie-up with a good courier service to ferry the parts from the hub where they are stocked to the complaint site is vital. He too points to the unpredictability challenge. “Companies often don’t know how many complaints to expect. Moreover, once the technology changes, the set-up changes,” he adds.
Eureka Forbes’ Shroff says that if the average life of the machine/product is 8-9 years, some companies feel repairing it after the warranty expires is no longer their responsibility. Which is an unfortunate attitude, because the opposite approach can breed brand loyalty. “Service helps us get new customers,” says Haridasan of V-Guard.
Notes Titan’s Raghunath: “Many times the consumer is happy with the attempt to address his complaint” even if the result is not positive. “Companies are under no obligation to carry out repairs after the warranty expires, but our responsibility does not stop with honouring the warranty.”
Considerate companies go the distance to solve the problem and repair even a well-used or outdated model. Some of them also, to maintain the customer relationship, sell the customer a new version for a lower price.
To sum up, from conversations with the industry executives, some of the several reasons that compound the difficulties in providing timely customer service are listed here:
1. Your complaint/repair request is about a model which is no longer in the market, and parts for that would be hard to find.
2. The company which sold you the product simply does not care. Especially if it’s out of warranty.
3, Demand for spare parts is sporadic. It costs money to stock them and if they are not used, that is money gone down the drain.
4. Often, companies cannot get a fix on what to stock in large numbers and what to stock sparingly. Expensive parts are not readily available but could often be the critical ones. Sometimes the company orders too many non-critical parts which end up unused and become damaged or outdated.
5. The supplier, perhaps one abroad, has shut shop.
6. The company does not have a spare parts inventory management and prediction system in place.
7. Logistics pose a problem.
Some companies provide replacements or make buffer arrangements for the consumer to use his/her appliances while they are being repaired. I wish my washing machine company had done that. Years later, after expensive repairs, when it gave me trouble and I decided it had given up the ghost, I moved to another brand. And the next time I buy a TV, I will downtrade.
Meanwhile, there is the problem of my AC to be addressed – a stopgap arrangement to get it working is working only intermittently. Sooner or later, I have to get it repaired and I’ve already been told it will take a minimum of two weeks … Sigh!
Vitamin C is a weekly dose of consumer empowerment
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Blacklisted Not any moreTweet
In a country that aspires to fairness, products coloured black don’t fare too badly, at least in the cities
Rukmani Easwaran, a housewife from New Delhi, is looking to buy a wedding gift for her nephew. She can’t decide between a home theatre system and a wrist watch. After much deliberation, she settles on the former, but chooses to buy it in navy blue or maroon, instead of in black, her favourite colour.
It’s after all a wedding, she reasons, “and whoever gifts black?”
The colour black has associations both positive and negative. In the West, it is most commonly associated with mourning, impurity, evil, violence and the occult but also symbolises power and elegance. In the Eastern world, especially in India, the colour has similar negative associations.
However, now, it is slowly emerging as a colour of choice , at least in some cases, in a market that has for long viewed it in an unfavourable light.
Urban-rural divide
“In a rural environment it would be recommended to steer clear of black branding as the association is far too close to menacing and inauspicious. The only way in which black can work in a rural set-up is by creating an association between the product and something that naturally occurs in black. For instance, a new toothbrush has been introduced by a brand, with black bristles; it claims to be infused with charcoal. This product and its communication would work in rural India, because traditionally, charcoal has been used to clean teeth. In urban India, however, where this practice is little known, the product may click because it’s offering consumers something different, distinct and new in terms of product packaging,” says Smita Rajgopal, Founder of branding and design consultancy Smitten.
“It’s all in the positioning. A black pack of perfume associates well with mystique, or a predominantly black-packaged shampoo could subconsciously associate with rich black hair,” she adds.
Black is a no-no for a wedding party or religious ceremonies as a choice of apparel, says fashion designer Bhaavya Bhatnagar. “But people are open to black in western formals; for occasions such as parties, and black-tie dinners,” she adds.
India’s acceptance of black, at least in some categories, is a result of globalisation, increased exposure.
Right now, it is mostly limited to urban areas, believes Bedraj Tripathy, Senior General Manager, Marketing, Godrej Interio. While black works for cars, furniture, gadgets, computers, and apparel, “I have not seen too much of it in FMCG products,” he adds. A salesman at a Hyundai dealership in Chennai says the company has stopped making black versions of its small cars/hatchbacks. It sells black only in sedans now. “Black vehicles don’t move much. They absorb a lot of heat which is not helpful in a hot country like India. Culturally too, people here are against black, they don’t like to buy black products. Their resale value is low too,” he adds.
However, a salesman at a Maruti dealership, also in Chennai, says only about 10 per cent of prospective customers at his showroom reject black because it has connotations of inauspiciousness. The majority of them do not want it because a black car becomes very hot and dust and dirt show up easily on it.
He observes that customers in certain professions tend to stick to certain colours. Lawyers, for instance, prefer black cars, while doctors go for white and priests go for “Sunlight Copper”.
Blending with background
“Black is not really shunned by people for their gadgets of daily use,” says Kishlay Ray, Vice-President (Marketing), Sharp Business Systems India. Consumers are now much more willing to accept black in certain categories such as cell phones, as the colour fades the least and it absorbs radiation better, says Pankaj Bhasin, Head (Marketing Communications) Sunstrike Telecom, which makes the Rage brand of mobile phones. “One hasn’t faced any difficulty in marketing black-coloured phones since consumers, for long, have preferred them in the colour,” says Soumitra Gupta, Managing Director and CEO of Taiwan-based phone manufacturer Oplus, India.
Changes in lifestyles and mindsets are breaking down the resistance to black. “In homes, white goods such as ovens, fridges, air-conditioners and washing machines in black have seen acceptance and are chosen because they can fit into any background,” says Ranjith Nair, Head, Business Development, Siemens Home Appliances, India.
As integrating as it can be, the colour provides an edge too. “Black products stand out visually in displays,” adds Neeraj Gupta, GM (Sales and Marketing), Living Environment Division, Mitsubishi Electric India. “A black-coloured appliance is also perceived to be a ‘premium’ product,” says Shanta Roy Sanjeev, Marketing Head, Haier India. “It makes the product look durable and sturdy,” adds Suresh Sethi, Head of Global Consumer Design, Whirlpool of India.
“If the choice was to buy a home theatre for my house, I would have most certainly bought one in black. It matches everything,” says Rukmani Easwaran.
Had it been a gift for another occasion, she would have surely gone for black. Would she ever consider wearing black for a wedding or for any other ritual anytime in the near future? “Of course not, it’s inauspicious,” comes the reply.
Black is beautiful, yes, but clearly, old beliefs die hard.
With inputs from Sravanthi Challapalli
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

19 Signs You Went To Trent University19 Signs You Went To Trent University
The Huffington Post Canada  | By Arti Patel
reddit
The Otonabee River, the dreadful winters and walking to class in your sweatpants and t-shirt: these were some of your favourite memories of TrentU.
Located along the Otonabee in Peterborough, Ont. (yes, the river where people kayak, row and swim), the Peterborough campus has over 6,000 students, while the newly introduced Oshawa one has just under 900. And if you came from Toronto or another city, you can also agree most students were from nearby towns — making you seem completely urban.
Whichever one of the five colleges you went to or whichever residence you stayed at, here are 19 sure signs you went to Trent University. Which ones did we miss? Let us know in the comments below:
You’ve "tobogganed” down the Drumlin using the only sled you could find: a dining hall tray
WEEEEEEEEEEEE
You recognized most students when you walked around campus
You went to class in your PJs during first-year
Ready to take on the day!
You dreaded walking up the stairs at Otonabee College (you know the ones we’re talking about…)
You still remember your college cheers... even though you haven't been a first-year student for a long time
You’ve had your personal space invaded on the buses leaving campus after class
This was your face.
It is basically cheaper to get full OFF campus
See what we mean...
It's cheaper to get a large pizza from Pizza Hut than a sandwich and drink at Trent #TrentUProblems via @BramCastle
— TrentU Problems (@TrentUProblems) April 8, 2014
Can anyone connect to the internet in the library building?
As a Trent University Oshawa student, your university had, on average, a smaller student population than your high school
Where is everyone?
You know someone who has jumped off the steps at Bata Library to take a dip in the Otonabee River
Yes, this happened
You've had to explain to your parents why you are more excited to get your Piggy Diploma at convocation than your actual degree.
This was serious stuff.
You've also had to explain to people what the difference is between going to college and living at a college.
People are very comfortable at the library building
Feet-up? Check. Shoes off? Check.
This is how you felt walking on Faryon Bridge during winter
Downtown Peterborough was always an adventure
Especially trying to figure out all the one-way streets.
Remember your favourite pub's nickname?
You know, the Trasheteria. RIP.
If you went to Otonabee College and lived in residence, you found it a bit funny the houses were numbered by letters.
Obviously the F house was the place to be
After you graduated, you had a sudden interest in farming and agriculture
If you didn't already
You feel you know what it’s like to attend Hogwarts after experiencing Trent’s college system... and you loved every minute of it.
#ForeverTrent
Related on HuffPost:
More:

Positional traders hold short positions  stop loss at 805017 September 2014
Wednesday
Inside short term down trend, markets in pullback; Fed meeting tonight may set the tone for the next few days; failure of a 'Fed rally' should be treated as a fresh short signal
Bank Nifty traded in a narrow range today and prices close near the yesterday’s close. Trend is down in Banking Sector. CNX IT closes higher today. Above the first resistance comes at 11050 in CNX IT.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. Trend is sideways as prices are trading very choppy and locked inside a trading range. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Prices are in a correction. We should avoid trading in this sector. Stock in focus includes DIVISLAB, HAVELLS, INFY and TITAN. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Positional traders hold short positions  stop loss at 8050: Sukhani17 September 2014
Wednesday
Inside short term down trend, markets in pullback; Fed meeting tonight may set the tone for the next few days; failure of a 'Fed rally' should be treated as a fresh short signal
Bank Nifty traded in a narrow range today and prices close near the yesterday’s close. Trend is down in Banking Sector. CNX IT closes higher today. Above the first resistance comes at 11050 in CNX IT.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. Trend is sideways as prices are trading very choppy and locked inside a trading range. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Prices are in a correction. We should avoid trading in this sector. Stock in focus includes DIVISLAB, HAVELLS, INFY and TITAN. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Oil companies scale up dollar purchasesOil companies scale up dollar purchases
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:50 AM IST
State-run oil marketing companies (OMCs) have stepped up dollar-buying to finance the rise in their crude oil purchases. In recent times, global crude oil prices have been below $100 a barrel.
“The average daily dollar demand of these OMCs is $150 million; these days, it has gone up to $300 million,” said the chief currency dealer of a state-run bank. Currency dealers said on Wednesday, state-run banks bought dollars for OMCs.
“The fall in global crude prices is temporary and OMCs are taking advantage of this. Due to this, the increase in dollar-buying by OMCs will not last long,” said a senior currency dealer with a private bank.
Earlier this week, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan had said lower oil prices might be a temporary phenomenon resulting from geopolitical risks.
The three state-run OMCs---Indian Oil Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Bharat Petroleum Corporation — primarily meet their dollar demand through state-run banks.
To avoid the pressure of OMCs’ dollar demand, RBI had, after market hours on August 28, 2013, introduced a forex swap window for these companies, as earlier that day, the rupee had touched an all-time low of 68.85/dollar. This window was open till November 30, 2013, after which OMCs started meeting their requirements directly from the market.
On Wednesday, the rupee ended at 60.92 a dollar, compared with its previous close of 61.06. It gained due to expectations the US Federal Reserve wouldn’t announce any move to raise interest rates during its two-day meeting starting Wednesday.
However, currency dealers believe the rupee’s appreciation is temporary. “By the end of this month, there will be government debt payment, due to which the rupee might weaken, though RBI might not allow it to weaken significantly,” said a currency dealer with a state-run bank.
As of March this year, the government’s short-term debt, including external commercial borrowings, non-resident Indian deposits, investment by foreign institutional investors in sovereign debt and government commercial papers, stood at $89.23 billion, according to RBI data.

WATCH: 10 000 Reasons To Smile For Alberta Dadreddit
As Barrett Budgell pulled up to his new home in Cochrane, Alberta, he immediately knew something was up when he saw a massive red bow wrapped around his garage. The single father of four-year-old twin boys, Lucas and Logan, moved into Cochrane to make the commute back and forth to Fort McMurrary for work easier on his family.
When Barrett exited his vehicle, our president Lance Floer was there to deliver a big surprise:
As the owner of our 10,000th home, Barrett received a new backyard including sod, fencing, a deck off the back door and a magnificent stainless steel barbeque. To the delight of the twins, the family also received a massive children's backyard play set, backpacks filled with gifts and a cheque for $10,000 to go towards the boys' education.
"We're just over the moon," says Budgell. "This goes an awfully long way in securing a tremendous future for our family."
In order to properly celebrate the occasion, we then hosted a block party for Barrett's neighbours and for all the residents of Cochrane's Heartland community.  There was food, entertainment, games and, of course, world famous McKay's Cochrane ice cream cones!
Over the past 26 years, we at Excel Homes have had the pleasure of building homes for wonderful families and hearing countless heartwarming stories of people just like Barrett.
Whether it's our commitment to sustainable building practices through our partnership with the Built Green® program or surprising our homeowners and their neighbourhoods, community is at the heart of everything we do.
In addition to the 10,000th surprise, we are continuing our celebrations of 26 years and 10,000 homes built by continuing to give back to the people who make us proud to do the work that we do. Starting September 12, 2014, we are offering a chance to win $10,000 for someone in the greater Calgary community. Head over to our Facebook page for more details and the first clue!
Follow Excel Homes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ExcelHomesYYC
More:

If You Can Stand  Let It Go  One Last Time  Make It This VersionEllen DeGeneres, Kristen Wiig Sing 'Let It Go' Worse Than Anyone (VIDEO)
The Huffington Post Canada
reddit
Just when you thought you'd heard the last of "Let It Go" from Disney's "Frozen," Ellen DeGeneres comes along with possibly the worst version yet.
The talk show host had "Bridesmaids" star Kristen Wiig as a guest Monday and suggested that the pair do their own take on the song that parents can no longer bear.
Neither knew the lyrics, but that gave them a chance to render possibly the most cringeworthy performance of the Idina Menzel hit that has ever been sung.
Listen and weep. And if you've heard a version worse than this one, please let us know (or don't).

Neil Young And Daryl Hannah Dated For Months: ReportsNeil Young And Daryl Hannah Dated 'For Months': Sources
The Huffington Post Canada  | By Jason MacNeil
Posted:
Updated:
09/16/2014 12:59 pm EDT
The Cowboy and Indian Alliance marches with rock icon Neil Young, center, and actress and environmentalist Daryl Hannah, second from right, to the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Saturday, April 26, 2014. The Cowboy and Indian Alliance, along with leaders from Native American tribes like the Dene, Cree and Metis Peoples, presented a teepee to the museum to deliver to President Barack Obama in protest of the Keystone XL pipeline. Photographer Pete Marovich/Boo | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
News of Neil Young and his longtime wife Pegi Young divorcing shocked many recently. Now it appears that part of the explanation behind the dissolution is apparent.
According to reports from People Magazine and the Globe and Mail , Young was seen together with actor and environmental activist Daryl Hannah at a California cutlery store during the second week of September.
"(Hannah and Young were) holding hands and being really friendly, but they were not kissing or anything like that inside of the store," a source told People. "They were both very friendly to the employees, too." The source added both had frequented the store named "Sur La Table" previously but never together. Photographers spotted the two Wednesday at the locale.
"They've been dating for months," the source told People, adding Young's marriage was having problems. "They've taken no effort to even hide it. He recorded a new album a few weeks ago, and she was on Skype the entire time, giving him feedback on every take. He even told people in the studio she was his 'girlfriend.'"
As previously reported , Young was in a studio working on new material with a choir although it's unknown if or when a new studio album would be released. The musician also worked with Hannah on an environmental documentary for Greenpeace called "Petropolis: Aerial Perspectives of the Alberta Tar Sands." Neither Hannah nor Neil Young have commented on a possible relationship between them.
Meanwhile David Crosby, a longtime collaborator with Young in Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young, told the Idaho Statesman on Sept. 7 that his own marriage wasn't on the rocks compared to Young's. "Not gonna happen, man," Crosby told the newspaper before referring to Young and Hannah. "I've been with my wife 37 years, and I'm in love with her. I ain't goin' nowhere.
"Thirty-seven years! That's a freakin' miracle," he adds. "And I just don't feel the urge to go try something new. And I happen to know that he's hanging out with somebody that's a purely poisonous predator now. And that's karma. He's gonna get hurt. But I understand why it happened. I'm just sad about it. I'm always sad when I see love get tossed in the gutter."
Earlier today the Bridge School announced its lineup for this year's benefit concert with fortunately both parties appearing and performing. According to a YouTube clip posted on the concert's Facebook page, Neil Young, Pegi Young and The Survivors, Pearl Jam, Florence and The Machine, Tom Jones, Soundgarden, Norah Jones and Puss n Boots and Band of Horses have been confirmed. Special guests are to be announced for the concerts with tickets going on sale Friday, Sept. 19.
Related on HuffPost:
More:

Fed cuts stimulus another $10 billion  holds steady on interest ratesFed cuts stimulus another $10 billion, holds steady on interest rates
Two Fed officials dissent on policy statement, frustrated that interest rate guidance was not loosened
Federal Reserve policymakers on Wednesday cut their monthly bond-buying stimulus program by another $10 billion and held interest rates steady at near zero, offering no suggestions that they will raise them any time soon as the economic recovery improves.
In a statement after a two-day meeting, the Federal Open Market Committee said it expected that interest rates would remain at their rock-bottom level for "a considerable time" after the bond-buying program ends. The program is on track to conclude in October.
Consumer prices fell in August for the first time in 16 months as lower gasoline costs helped keep inflation tame, the Labor Department said Wednesday. ( Jim Puzzanghera )
The Fed also downgraded its economic projections for this year and 2015 from estimates made in June. The Fed now forecasts the economy will grow between 2% and 2.2% this year compared with a June forecast of 2.1% to 2.3%.
In 2015, the Fed forecasts the economy will expand between 2.6% and 3%. In June, the 2015 forecast was for growth between 3% and 3.2%.
Despite those projections, the Fed thinks the unemployment rate will fall faster than it forecast in June. The rate now could go as low as 5.9% by the end of this year and 5.4% in 2015.
Some Fed officials, concerned about inflation, have been pushing to signal that interest rates could rise sooner. And two committee members dissented on Wednesday's statement out of frustration that the so-called forward guidance on interest rate hikes was not loosened.
Only one committee member dissented to the June statement.
Richard Fisher, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, dissented because he believed continued improvement in the economy and labor market "likely warrant an earlier reduction in monetary accommodation than is suggested by the committee's forward guidance."
Charles Plosser, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, dissented in June and did so again Wednesday for the same reason. He said the Fed's guidance was "time dependent and does not reflect the considerable economic progress that has been made toward the committee's goals."
Most committee members forecast that the Fed would raise interest rates next year.
Better keep interest rates low, this economy isn't strong enough after 5 years of the Obama Recovery. Imagine the GDP growth that Bush would have had with interest rates this low
Barry3
2
Inflation continues to run below the Fed's annual target of 2%. The Labor Department reported Wednesday that consumer prices fell 0.2% last month, the first drop since April 2013.
For the year ended in August, the Consumer Price Index rose 1.7%. The news, along with a slowing of job growth during the summer, reduced pressure on Fed officials to raise interest rates.
Still, the unemployment rate has dropped sharply over the last two years and the economic recovery has strengthened. Given those improvements, the Fed on Wednesday decided to continue reducing its bond-buying stimulus program.
The Fed began the program in September 2012, purchasing $85 billion a month in Treasury and mortgage-backed securities to try to lower long-term interest rates and stimulate economic growth.
The program -- the third round of so-called quantitative easing -- along with other stimulus efforts have caused the Fed's balance sheet to more than quadruple to $4.4 trillion since 2008.
Fed policymakers decided in December 2013 to start tapering the purchases. Beginning in January, the Fed has voted to reduce the purchases by $10 billion a month at each of its meetings this year.
Wednesday's decision means the Fed will purchase $15 billion in bonds next month, when it is expected to vote to end the program.
For breaking economic news, follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter

Bank credit growth falls below 10% after 5 yearsBank credit growth falls below 10% after 5 years
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 12:56 AM IST
For the fortnight ended September 5, annual credit growth in the banking system fell to 9.68 per cent, data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed. This was the first time since October 2009 (9.01 per cent) that growth in bank credit fell below 10 per cent.
R K Dubey, chairman & managing director of Canara Bank, said corporate credit demand was yet to pick up, despite an improvement in the economy. "Though the retail and small & medium segments have been growing, corporate demand has been slow. We are yet to see signs of a pick-up," he said.
Indian Bank's Association Chief Executive M Tanksale said the data reflected a slack season. He added none of the stalled projects had been revived so far.
For a revival, banks have been betting on the coming festive season, with several lenders rolling out products from August. But, as the data show, the initial demand for such promotional offers has been tepid.
Bankers said though there were some signs of a recovery, as growth in gross domestic product had risen to 5.7 per cent for the quarter ended June, these were yet to translate into a rise in demand for loans, especially from firms. In the quarter ending this month, however, they expect "genuine credit demand" from the infra segment. While there were no new projects, bankers said they expected corporate demand for additional working capital and refinancing.
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, has cut deposit rates, as it has abundant liquidity and has seen a slower-than-expected credit pick-up. A senior bank executive said deposits had been growing at a healthy 13-14 per cent, while credit growth, at just seven per cent, was tepid.
In an interview with Business Standard, SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had indicated the bank's credit growth in 2014-15 might be under 15 per cent.
On the deposit front, it seems the banking system is flooded with liquidity - in the fortnight ended September 5, deposits rose 13.78 per cent over a year ago.
At a pre-policy review meet, lenders had urged RBI to cut the repo rate to fuel loan growth. But RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan earlier this week said no action could be expected on that front, as inflation was still above the central bank's comfort zone.

DuPont/Peltz: Chemical reaction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/4050c02c-3e86-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Golden retrievers on Scottish independenceBy Ilya Somin September 18
Everyone from Sean Connery to J.K. Rowling to Groundskeeper Willie has weighed in on today’s referendum over Scottish independence.
But the sole Scottish member of the Somin family reminds me that one important issue has been largely ignored in the debate so far: the implications for Scotland’s role as the ancestral home of the golden retriever ! Sadly, golden retrievers have had few opportunities to express their views on the prospect of independence for their historic homeland. But here is one exception:
As Scots go to the polls today, hopefully they will keep in mind the all-important question of what would be best for the golden retriever!
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Bravery to build strong banksScotland has to be braver to build strong banks
By John Gapper
The mechanisms the country will need as an independent entity take courage and a lot of time
On Thursday, Scotland may set out on the bumpy path to independence from the rest of the UK. Its banking system is likely to work only if it is braver and more far-sighted than Alex Salmond, the Scottish National party leader, during the campaign.
There is no inherent reason for Scotland to lack well-regulated banks that offer a solid foundation for its economy, despite the short- and medium-term disruption. Unlike other breakaway countries, its people are very experienced at running them. Most banks would be foreign-owned, at least at first, but that is not a disaster.
More
Two sides of Virgin
But Scotland’s banks would remain fragile if the country clung to Mr Salmond’s timidity. There is little support for a currency union in the rest of the UK; and trying to retain the pound with an arrangement such as a currency board, as he has mooted, would undermine the banks’ foundations.
Scotland would have to take the plunge by creating its own currency and giving its people the incentive they would otherwise lack to keep their money in domestic banks backed by its own central bank and deposit insurance. If it resisted, it would suffer from deposit flight and weak institutions.
Scotland’s problem – that its banking sector is too large in relation to its economy for investors to believe it could handle a financial crisis – is being solved for it. If there is a Yes vote, Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds plan to redomicile their holding companies in London to retain Bank of England support.
Mr Salmond has railed against the leaking of their plans but the banks have done him a favour by being honest. An independent Scotland could not support a banking sector 12 times the size of its gross domestic product, and it would not have to. It would lose some jobs, but it would shed a severe liability.
More video
Scotland does not need a huge banking sector, bloated by the reckless growth globally and in the UK of RBS and Bank of Scotland before the 2008 financial crisis. It gains from being an international centre for asset management and insurance but its economy requires only modest-sized banks.
In this context, sterling is a trap. Mr Salmond claims he could cajole or blackmail (by threatening to repudiate Scotland’s public debt) the remaining UK into a currency union but that is deeply implausible. If the SNP kept the pound, it could do so only with a mechanism that made lending treacherous.
First, its banks would lack a lender of last resort. Scotland would re-run its experiment in “free banking”, which operated between the 1707 Act of Union between England and Scotland and the Scottish Bank Notes Act of 1854. Instead of the banks’ liabilities being underwritten by a central bank, they would need to retain more capital themselves.
This worked for a time in the 18th century’s common currency zone – despite bank collapses – winning praise from Adam Smith, the economist, among others. But it would be a sizeable risk and force Scottish banks to have more capital, squeezing their lending capacity.
Second, it would be too easy for Scots to deposit money in UK banks rather than Scottish ones. Both would take the currency and UK banks would offer central bank support and established deposit insurance. Scotland intends to create its own deposit scheme, but that would be new and untested.
RBS and Lloyds announced their moves amid pressure to head off deposit flight, and the problem would worsen after independence. Scottish banks and the Scottish subsidiaries of UK banks would be severely constrained by the double bind of higher capital requirements and flighty deposits.
Banks in an independent Scotland would need an independent currency to solve the capital and deposit problems. That would give them the backing of a central bank, easing their demand for surplus capital, and reassuring both their investors and depositors about their underlying strength.
A new currency would also put a barrier in the way of money being diverted to UK banks operating in sterling. Most Scots would hold cash in domestic banks because there would be no easy alternative (unless and until Scotland joined the euro), just as domestic banks are favoured the world over.
It sounds simple but would be far from simple in practice, which is why Mr Salmond and the SNP have tried to stamp out the currency debate during the campaign. All loans and savings would have to be redenominated and financial institutions – from its government and central bank to banks themselves – would need to establish credibility.
There are many pitfalls to creating a new currency and banking system. Banks in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, for example, grew too fast and were hit by crises after leaving the former Soviet Union. It has taken 25 years for them and their regulators to adapt.
Scotland, though, has an advantage. The Baltic countries had not tried it before but the Scots are old banking hands. Bank of Scotland, although it went astray, is nearly as old as the Bank of England, and HSBC was founded and run by Scots expatriates.
It knows how to build strong banks, all right, but that takes time and requires real independence.

TN Govt directs 2 universities not to implement UGC circularHer party's stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states, said Jayalalithaa . (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 2:15 pm
Maintaining its opposition to “imposition” of Hindi in the state, the Tamil Nadu government on Thursday directed two universities not to implement the UGC circular and said the decision taken by the previous UPA government would not be binding on it.
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said the move, amounting to “imposing Hindi”, had been initiated during the previous government.
She said the two institutions – Anna University and Alagappa University – had received the circular on September 16, 2014 where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in Law and Commerce streams also.
She said this decision had been taken at the meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti (National Hindi Council) on July 28, 2011 under then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
The Council then said that students in Gujarat either graduated studying English or Hindi, thus resulting in lack of translation skills in Central departments and UGC had been asked to ensure Hindi was also taught along with English, she said in a statement here.
“From this, it is clear that the effort to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken in this July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti,” she said.
Jayalalithaa also questioned why DMK, then a part of the Congress-led UPA, remained silent, though it opposed the move now. She said her party’s stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as ‘Zone C’, should only be in English, as mandates later.
“Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu,” she said.
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English “is not only unacceptable, but also against the law,” she said.
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
“I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them,” she said.

Companies in Europe Pledge 100K New Youth JobsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Its Time for a Data Breach Warning LabelAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Apple Inc s iOS 8 upgrade for iPhones  iPads: Should you do itE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global billionaire population to cross 3 80...distribution
(Billionaires are defined…)
NEW DELHI: The population of billionaires globally is likely to surpass 3,800 by 2020, with the technology sector expected to create a significant number of new super-rich in the coming years, says a report.
Billionaires are defined as those individuals with a net worth of $1 billion or above and currently these super-rich people control nearly 4 per cent of the world's wealth.
There is one billionaire for every three million people on the planet.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014, the global billionaire population would surpass 3,800 by 2020. This forecast reflects the current wealth distribution in the wider ultra high-net-worth (UHNW) population and the possibility of certain sectors, such as technology, becoming increasingly profitable.
This year's forecast for future billionaire growth also incorporated different confidence levels, to account for possible changes in global economic circumstances affecting wealth accumulation.
In the most bullish scenario, there would be over 4,100 billionaires by 2020, an increase of 78 per cent on their current levels. In the most conservative scenario, the global billionaire population will rise to around 3,600 billionaires by 2020, a net increase of only 56 per cent.
"The overall size and net worth of the world's billionaire population will continue to grow, presenting immense opportunities," the report said.
The growth of the technology industry is likely to create a significant number of new billionaires in the coming years as more innovation and growth is anticipated going forward. Currently, less than 4 per cent of the world's ultra-rich have made their wealth in this sector.
"Other industries are also likely to contribute to an increase in the number of billionaires globally, especially as emerging markets continue to develop and mature," the report said.
Between 2012 and 2013, the number of billionaires grew by just 0.5 per cent, while between 2013 and 2014, it increased by as much as 7.1 per cent.
Such large variations in the growth rate of billionaire population are not unexpected, as a significant portion of billionaires' wealth is not necessarily correlated to global wealth conditions, the report said.
"Due to this volatility , movements of UHNW individuals between the billionaire and demi-billionaire (defined as those with a net worth between $500 and $999 million) clubs are frequent, the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With iOS 8  Apple adds new security measures to iPhones  iPads; would now need users  approval to access devicesServerless, anonymous chat client BitTorrent Bleep now available for Android, Mac
Sep 18, 2014 at 02:55pm IST
With iOS 8, Apple adds new security measures to iPhones, iPads; would now need users' approval to access devices
11
0
San Francisco: Technology giant Apple has announced a modification in its new iOS 8 operating system for mobile phones which prevents the company from accessing the devices without owner consent, a measure to hinder police snooping.
Apple said in a statement released Wednesday that, unlike its competitors, it no longer can access user devices without a password, something that was possible so far.
"Thus, it is not technically possible for us to respond to government orders to pull data from devices that work with the iOS 8 operating system," the company said.
Apple, unlike its competitors, it no longer can access user devices without a password, something that was possible so far.
#apple #ios 8 #iphones #ipads
The security improvement protects information which can be stored in devices or Apple users' accounts such as photographs, emails, contacts, calls, messages, handwritten notes or multimedia content.
The measure is in response to accusations that the company cooperated with other technology companies and the US National Security Agency when they asked Apple for user details.
Apple has modified its encryption system so as to prevent itself from accessing the devices and user accounts, and this gets applied automatically once the user has set the password.
In an effort to distance itself from the accusations of collaborating with the US government, Apple said Wednesday that it had provided federal authorities with data of "less than 0.00385 per cent" of the device users.
3

New Central Bank Stimulus Launched for EurozoneAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Texas Capital Flooded as Odile Soaks Southwesttexas capital flooded as odile soaks southwest
Passengers expel Pakistani minister Rehman Malik from flight over delayPassengers expel Pakistani minister Rehman Malik from flight over delay
PTI
PTI Former interior minister Rehman Malik
Karachi, Sept 16:  
Angry passengers on board a PIA flight stopped former interior minister Rehman Malik and a Hindu lawmaker of the ruling PML-N from boarding the plane, accusing them of causing over two hours of delay.
The Islamabad-bound Pakistan International Airlines flight PK-370 from Karachi was delayed by two and a half hours yesterday as it kept waiting for the arrival of Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) senator Malik and National Assembly member Dr Ramesh Kumar Wakwani.
When they finally came, the passengers stopped them from boarding the aircraft.
According to a video clip repeatedly shown by the local media, passengers were shouting at Malik who was filmed going back hurriedly when confronted by the passengers.
“Malik sahab, sorry. You should go back. You should apologise to these passengers. You should be ashamed of yourself...250 passengers have suffered because of you. It is your fault, sir,” a passenger was heard saying in the clip.
“Malik sahab, you are not a minister any more. And even if you are, we don’t care...anymore,” he said.
The clip, which has gone viral online, showed passengers booing and ridiculing the lawmakers as the crew also joined them.
Kumar was not shown in the video but Dawn reported that he was also not allowed to board the plane.
PIA spokesperson Mashood Tajwar speaking to Dawn said that the delay in the flight was due to a technical issue and not because of Malik.
“PIA does not promote VIP culture...but this flight was delayed an hour and 30 minutes due to a technical reason,” Tajwar said.
“The delay had been conveyed to passengers via SMS. Some passengers who had given the contact details of their travel agent may not have been conveyed the message by their agents,” Tajwar said. He said the plane took off at 8:55 pm last night.
“The flight was not delayed because of Rehman Malik. We are looking into what actually happened but after the delay, the flight departed when it was meant to,” he added.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Sanjay Dutt from jail house to Salman Khan s  Bigg Boss  houseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bank credit growth: Canary in the growth mineBank credit growth: Canary in the growth mine
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 02:48 PM IST
Mark Mobius of Franklin Templeton Investments says he is very bullish on India and that India remains the second largest holding in his Asia funds. In an interview to television channel ET Now, Mobius said he feels banks will benefit from the economic recovery. Historically that is how economic recoveries have taken place since banks are one of the biggest beneficiaries of such growth. 
 
But there is another attribute of banks: they are one of the first signifiers of an economic recovery. For an economy or a company to grow, one of the first resources needed is money. Non-food credit from the banking sector is one of the key indicators of a pick-up in economic activity. 
 
And if recently released RBI data on this economic indicator are any indicator, there are no signs of a recovery.
 
A Business Standard report points out that for the fortnight ended September 5, annual credit growth in the banking system fell to 9.68%, the first time in five years that it has gone below 10%. Even during the worst phase of the slowdown, credit flow had not fallen to such low levels.
 
Which begs the question: Where is the growth everyone is talking about? Markets are touching new highs in anticipation of growth numbers, but the reality is that so-called growth engines are sputtering for want of fuel. R.K. Dubey, chairman and managing director of Canara Bank, says that corporate demand has been slow and there are no signs of pick-up yet.
 
From the government’s side there has been a lot of talk of restarting stalled projects, but they seem to be little more than lip service. M Tanksale, chief executive of Indian Bank Association, says that none of the stalled projects have been revived so far.
 
High interest rates have repeatedly been cited as the reason for slow credit offtake. Bankers themselves have asked RBI to cut interest rates in order to spur loan growth. As reported by Business Standard , in a meeting between RBI governor and bank representatives, lenders asked the central bank to cut the repo rate, or the rate at which they borrow from the central bank. 
 
Banks are now faced with a problem of plenty. While credit growth grew by only 9.68%, deposit growth has continued to post exhibit strong growth, rising by 13.78%. This has resulted in banks sitting on high levels of liquidity prompting State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, to cut deposit rates earlier this week.
 
But the RBI is unlikely to oblige; on Monday, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said that no action could be expected on that front, as inflation was still above the central bank's comfort zone.
 
The recent GDP numbers – 5.7% growth during the June quarter –indicates a turnaround, but key numbers such as non-food credit seem to suggest that the growth number will be unsustainable, at least for the near future. 
 

Traders hedge sterling bets as voting beginsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Just Retirement shifts focus to recover© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cae9b4a-3f06-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Egon Zehnder aims to put women at the topEgon Zehnder aims for boardroom revolution to recognise women
By Kate Burgess and Alison Smith
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb2bbde0-3e7e-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi serving  dhokla  to Xi when incursions continue: CongressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:08 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is serving ‘dhokla’ to Chinese President Xi Jinping when incursions from that country continue, Congress leaders said on Thursday taking a dig at BJP and Modi.
The barb was obviously a counter to Modi’s charge against then UPA government that it was serving “biryani” to Pakistan Prime Minister when ceasefire violations were taking place at the border.
“Our jawans are injured in the firing by China and our Prime Minister is serving dhokla to the Chinese President. Is this what is called a 56 inches chest?,” Youth Congress chief Rajiv Satav said on Twitter.
In another tweet, he said, “On one side, China (is) adamant on building roads in our borders; on other, they (are) threatening Indo-Vietnam pact. Why 56 inch reduced to 56 mm?”
He also alleged, “No North Eastern (was) allowed to serve #China Prez in Guj. & now they aren’t visible on streets of Delhi! Evicted forcefully.”
AICC General Secretary and party spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed accused BJP of “change of attitude” towards the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
“Nation is watching with dismay the gimmick in change of attitude of BJP on Pak’s ceasefire violations and Chinese incursions, after 16th, May,” Ahmed tweeted. In the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls, Modi had accused the UPA government of playing “biryani politics” by being lenient to Pakistan.
The Chinese President, who is on a three-day visit to India, had visited Ahmedabad where Modi had unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol to set the stage for today’s summit talks.
The Chinese Army has made a fresh incursion in Chumar area in Jammu and Kashmir and refused to return. Heightening tension, the Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village in the wee hours today, ahead of the Summit meeting between Xi and Modi.

Lessons from bypoll results - Public Memory is short but not always sweet!8
0
The recent Parliament and bypolls have brought out one thing conclusively, which is the impatience of people.
People wait long to form an opinion and once formed they act on it quickly. They do not care much for reputations, caste- calculations, dynasty factor etc. Their aspirations and fears are paramount and they will not hesitate to take drastic actions to make themselves heard. Their patience is wearing out to thin and fast, and when push comes to shove, age-old practices of political parties are shown the dustbin.
In the Parliament Elections, Narendra Modi was depicted as a dictator of sorts and opposition parties spared no efforts to prove that he had a hand in the riots; this despite  Court rulings and findings to the contrary. Instead of concentrating on what they could offer UPA chose to run down the challenger. This did not cut much ice with the electorate. UPA's own performance in the last decade was riddled with corruption and Prime Minister's perceived or real indifference to corruption amongst his Ministers did not help matters much. People had become sick of corruption-levels in coal block allocations and 2G and their collective ire brought UPA to its knees with only 44 seats. The heavy reliance to dynastic rule with Rahul Gandhi having practically not shouldered any responsibility in the Government made only matters worse. That he was a reluctant aspirant with no experience whatsoever to take the responsibility even after a shocking endorsement by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was quite evident to everybody.
The Electorate saw in Narendra Modi an achiever, even if it is only in a State of Gujarat.
#bypolls #bjp #narendra modi #upa
The Electorate saw in Narendra Modi an achiever, even if it is only in a State of Gujarat. While Modi mocked at the dynastic rule but made sure his campaign ran on development platform. In all his meetings he talked of unemployment facing either the urban poor or rural populace who had to go to the other end of the country to make a living. His power of establishing instant rapport with the masses turned his meetings into kind of Question and Answer Sessions came to the fore with enthusiastic crowd cheering him wildly. The trickle became a massive hysterical crowd and he swept everything before him establishing new electoral records.
The electorate dealt a stunning blow to the ruling UPA Government.
Such mammoth mandate raised its own expectations among the electorate.
Although it would take a long time to correct the massive failure of the previous Government in economic sector people expected quick results from the new Government. Clean Governance is what people expect but it takes time to set up systems in place. The Modi government has rightly gone about its task taking various steps even such elementary things such as making sure there is better work culture in Government offices.
But then came a blip on the screen.
Even as new economic relations were fostered with Japan and Australia, fringe elements within ruling Party inexplicably were allowed to take on the Centre stage. When  a triumphant Prime Minister came back with a massive investment of 35 billion dollar from Japan over the next five years, pseudo-religious matters like Love Jihad looked to upstage everything else. In UP where bypolls were held, the topic of Muslims boys marrying Hindu girls became the main issue of BJP. It was rather strange that the Government's Development Plans were toppled by diehard Yogi Adityanath raising communal passions.
No matter how serious issues these are, they are best left to the Parents and Law-enforcing Agencies than Political Parties taking it up as a major issue.
Faced with a dichotomy, the public was quick to deliver its punch. Instead of Roti, Kapda aur Makaan and digital India, some other agenda had taken its place.
Infosys has started a scheme with Karnataka Government turning unemployable engineers into good engineers by imparting necessary management skills to handle future jobs. Already 35000 graduates have enrolled into the 3 month course. The Prime Minister has talked of imparting skills for school-level dropouts to make them proficient in some selected tasks. These are the programmes public is waiting to see and participate. Instead, negative forces seemed to have pushed themselves in to the main frame fomenting religious fundamentalism.
The Congress too seemed to have learnt a lesson. New faces seemed to have shouldered the challenge of bypolls much better than the established ones.
The Public is quick in gauging what's going on. And anything they don't like they punish immediately. That's what they did in the bye-elections to show their resentment.
Deliver what you promised or perish, seems to be the mantra now. Sooner it is learnt the better for any Party, Ruling or the ones that forfeited power in the Parliament elections.
Whether you are there for 100 days or 300 days, it is better to put a finger regularly out of the boat to check whether you are going forward or some eddy is dragging you back.
( E R Ramachandran is a well known sport writer and commentator on current affairs)
0

India signs 15 agreements with China  strengthens tiesSep 18, 2014 at 03:19pm IST
India signs 15 agreements with China, strengthens ties
9
0
New Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday signed a series of documents with India at the Hyderabad House in New Delhi, strengthening ties between the two countries. This is Xi's first visit to India as head of the state.
Among the 15 MoUs signed between India and China is the agreement over a new route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra. According to the MoU signed between the Ministry of External Affairs and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, a new route will be opened for all Indian pilgrimages to the Tibet autonomous region of the People's Republic of China.
The Ministry of Railways has also signed an MoU with the government of China to take action on strengthening cooperation in the railways. According to the memorandum, an action plan will be set up between the Ministry of Railways and the National Railway Administration of the government of People's Republic of China on strengthening cooperation in railways.
Xi Jinping signed a series of documents with India at the Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday, strengthening ties between the two countries.
#india #china #agreements #xi jinping
A five-year trade and economic development plan has been signed between the Ministries of Commerce and Industry of India and China. Agreed minutes of the tenth session of the India-China Joint Economic group will be followed.
Another agreement has been signed on audio-visual co-production between the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of The People's Republic of China.
Both the sides havealso struck a deal on mutual administrative assistance and co-operation in custom matters between the Government of India and the Government of China.
Both the nations have also agreed to sign an MoU between Indian Space Research organisation and China National Space Administration on cooperating with each other and making peaceful use of Space. According to the agreement signed, there is now an understanding between the Ministries of Culture of India and China on strengthening the exchange and cooperation between cultural institutions.
Another MoU has been signed assuring cooperation between the National Book Trust of India and the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of China. The nations plan to cooperate and work on Drug Administration and cooperation between China Food and Drug Administration of the People's Republic of China and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Republic of India.
Agreements have also been signed on establishing sister city relationship between Mumbai and Shanghai. A similar agreement was signed in Gujarat with cities Ahmedabad and Guangzhou. Gujarat and Guangdong will also establish sister city relationship with one another.
Lastly, an MoU has been signed between China Development Bank Corporation on supporting the setting up of industrial parks in Gujarat.
Both the nations have taken the initial steps towards peace and trust by signing a number of agreements. These agreements will help strengthen India-China ties. Before his summit talks, Xi had also visited Raj Ghat, the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi to pay homage to the Father of the nation.
5

China s first lady Peng Liyuan visits Tagore International school  students exhibit their skillsChina's first lady Peng Liyuan visits Tagore International school, students exhibit their skills
CNN-IBN | Sep 18, 2014 at 03:53pm
Students of Tagore International School flaunt their Mandarin skills on Thursday when Chinese President Xi Jinping's wife Peng Liyuan visits the school for an interaction with students. Peng interacted with a select group of students and did some calligraphy.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sensex soars 481 points on India  China trade pacts; Nifty up 139 pointsSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa defies Centre s Hindi  imposition  orderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Polls open to decide Scotlands futureScots vote to decide future of their union with UK
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and Mark Odell and Andy Sharman in London
A victory for Scotland’s pro-independence campaign could create Europe's newest country since the collapse of Yugoslavia
German Short Haired Pointer dogs Dude (left) and Hector wait to meet First Minister Alex Salmond
©Getty Images
Piper Ryan Randall leads a march to the polling station in Craigmillar, Edinburgh
©Charlie Bibby/FT
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Scots are voting to decide whether their country should remain part of the UK or end the 307-year-old union and begin life as an independent nation.
A total of 4.29m, or 97 per cent of the electorate, have registered to vote, the largest electorate Scotland has ever seen. The result of Thursday’s historic referendum is expected early on Friday, with the opinion polls in the past two days suggesting it is going to be extremely close.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Sterling rallied, rising 0.7 per cent to reach a two-week high of $1.6391 against the dollar, in response to the final polls suggesting that the pro-union campaign would hold on to its narrow lead. Last week, it hit a low of $1.6051 against the greenback, but it has trimmed those losses in the last week and one-month volatility in options markets has also eased.
“While the polls remain a statistical dead heat, the wisdom of crowds implies giving more weight to the bookmakers and the markets, which clearly favour a ‘no’ victory,” said Marc Chandler, head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman.
However, investors were still scrambling to protect themselves against sharp swings in sterling over the next 24 hours. Overnight sterling dollar volatility spiked to almost 35 per cent, 10 times its level a month ago and up from 12.75 per cent on Wednesday.
Earlier, campaigners in the leafy west end of Glasgow reported that queues formed outside polling stations before they opened at 7am. Greeting voters outside Hyndland Secondary School, Peter Taylor, a 64-year-old Glasgow Labour party member, said: “I’ve stood outside this school several times for elections before. I would say this is getting on for 50 per cent greater [number of people].”
Several voters were still undecided when they showed up to the polling station and asked campaigners to persuade them either way.
Independence activist Johnny Hunter, a retired environmental health officer, said: “I’m the last face people see of the Yes campaign – I need to make sure it’s a happy face to match the positive message of the campaign.”
Hilda Marshall, a retired pro-independence voter, said: “I felt as though the Hallelujah chorus should have erupted when I put the cross down.”
Continue reading
Speaking on his way to vote “No” in Ruchill, north Glasgow, Kenneth Gould, 63, said: “I’m going to march right in there and will tick the box with confidence, without hesitation.” He joked he would wave his ballot in the air and cry “look how I’m voting folks”.
But he added of the possible result: “I’m nervous. Once you make that decision, that’s it.”
Ipsos MORI’s final poll of the campaign, published on Thursday, shows the No campaign with a very narrow lead, in line with other polls in recent days.
Based on responses from 991 people questioned on Tuesday and Wednesday, 50 per cent of those certain to vote said they would vote No, with 45 per cent saying they would vote Yes and 4 per cent still undecided. Excluding those undecided, 53 per cent said they planned to vote No, with 47 per cent to vote Yes. The day is forecast to remain dry across most of Scotland, although light drizzle was expected in some areas.
Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, said: “I’m feeling very confident. It’s been a long, hard two-and-a-half year campaign, passions have been aroused on both sides, and understandably so because we are talking about the biggest single decision that any of us will ever take in our lifetime.
“But I’m increasingly confident that we will win tonight.”
In his final speech on Wednesday night, Alex Salmond , Scotland’s first minister, urged the public to defy the might of the “London establishment” and vote to leave the UK.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime and we must seize it with both hands,” he said.
His speech followed an impassioned plea by Gordon Brown , the former prime minister, earlier on Wednesday to reject independence.
In an apparent boost to the Yes campaign, Andy Murray, the Scottish-born tennis player, seemed to endorse the independence campaign when he took to Twitter in the early hours of Thursday morning.
“Huge day for Scotland today! no campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. excited to see the outcome. lets do this!”, he wrote . Murray is not resident in Scotland so does not have a vote.
Some voters were underwhelmed by the atmosphere at the polling stations. First-time voter Jonathan Gibson, who is about to head to Oxford university to read history, said after voting in Jordanhill that the experience had been “a bit of an anticlimax”.
The student, who is also celebrating his 18th birthday today, said: “I expected more people outside. It should have felt like a bigger thing.”
His friend Adam Macnaughton, preparing to study natural sciences at Cambridge, said a lot of his Yes-voting peer group had failed to take the vote seriously. “Some people are thinking ‘screw it, it’s a bit of a laugh’.”
He was planning to vote No in Bearsden later in the afternoon. He was looking forward to no longer being inundated with referendum messages on social media. “It can get quite confrontational,” he said.
More video
In anticipation of a close result, the head of the Church of Scotland called on both sides to join forces and restore harmony, amid fears the country will be left a divided nation.
“Get ready to accept the will of the Scottish people and that will be best done by setting passions aside,” said the Rt Rev John Chalmers. “If we do that we’ll be ready for the next step in the process, which will be to harness the energy of both sides. Whatever the outcome we will need to be ready to work together.”
Scotland has set up 5,579 polling stations, which means typically there should be no more than 800 voters allocated to each, in an effort to avoid large queues. The polls opened at 7am and will close at 10pm, with anybody queueing at that time still eligible to cast their vote.
Meanwhile, a group of economists from across Britain’s universities has written to the Financial Times warning Scotland that independence would be a “gamble with very poor odds”.
Below is a collection of tweets, photos and video showing the reactions of voters, politicians, celebrities, and Scottish independence supporters from overseas. (Drag your cursor across each picture to read the tweet.)
Related Topics

Sensex  Nifty surge most in over three monthsStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

BSE Sensex zooms over 480 pts to close at 27 112; NSE Nifty reclaims 8K levelBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty rise most in 4 mths on US Fed booster shot, China ties
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
 

Japan  China want land to be reserved for them: Medha PatkarPress Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:47 pm
Activist Medha Patkar on Thursday alleged that leaders and officials from Japan and China were visiting India as they want land to be reserved for them in the country.
“Why Japanese officials and Chinese President are visiting India? Only because, they want the land in the country to be reserved for them. That is what Modi government is doing,” she told reporters during a protest march by activists against the Rajasthan Land Acquisition Bill, 2014.
She claimed that the Bill, which was introduced in the Assembly by the Vasundhara Raje-led BJP government on Wednesday and taken up for discussion on Thursday, would lead to “hurried, hasty and undemocratic grabbing of land” and the situation would be worst than that of British era.
Patkar alleged that it was against the interests of farmers, labourers, urban poor and common people and it would bypass the central act that was passed last year.
She urged former Chief Minister and Opposition leader Ashok Gehlot to oppose the Bill.
PUCL General Secretary Kavita Srivastava, who was also protesting against the Bill, termed introduction of Bill as a move of the state government to undermine democratic and Constitutional principles and traditions.
She said the bill has provisions which will make the law draconian.

TN against  imposing  Hindi in varsities: Jayalalithaastate politics
The State Government directed Anna University and Alagappa University not to implement the UGC circular in this regard.
Asserting that the Tamil Nadu government would thwart any attempt “to impose” Hindi on the State, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said on Thursday that the University Grants Commission’s attempt to make Hindi a primary subject in undergraduate courses at State universities was “against the law”.
In a statement here, Ms. Jayalalithaa said the UGC circular was neither applicable to nor binding on the State universities. The Chief Secretary was asked to advise the universities to convey this to the UGC.
Citing an UGC circular, the DMK, the PMK and the MDMK had all charged the Centre with trying to impose Hindi. The circular was received only by Anna and Alagappa Universities on September 16, 2014, she said.
A perusal of the circular and the minutes of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti’s 30th meeting held on July 28, 2011, under the chair of the then Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh, showed the UGC had sought an action-taken report from universities on the introduction of Hindi as a primary language, along with English, in undergraduate courses and making it mandatory for law and commerce degrees.
The decision was taken because students of Gujarat’s recognised colleges graduated either in English or Hindi and lacked translation skills required for work in Central government departments. Therefore, it was decided that the UGC should ensure the Gujarat college students studied both English and Hindi. It was also decided to make Hindi mandatory for law and commerce degrees. “It is clear from this that the attempt to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken at the July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti,” she said.
As the DMK was part of the Congress-led UPA government, Ms. Jayalalithaa questioned why the DMK was silent. The AIADMK was firm that Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking States, she said.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, was clear that Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking States. As per the 1976 rules based on the Act, Tamil Nadu and a few other States were classified under ‘Zone C’, in which the communication between the Centre and the State should only be in English, she said. “Therefore, the UGC circular is not applicable at all to universities in Tamil Nadu.” At the State universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain as Part I, English as Part II and other related subjects as Part III.
At a time when she was seeking official language status for Tamil at the Centre, Ms. Jayalalithaa said, the UGC’s directive asking the State universities to teach Hindi along with English was not only “unacceptable” but also “against the law.”
Unacceptable: DMK
Meanwhile, reminding the Centre of the assurance given by the former Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, that English would remain an official language till non-Hindi speaking people wanted it to be, DMK president M. Karunanidhi termed unacceptable the recent comments of President Pranab Mukherjee and Home Minister Rajnath Singh on promoting Hindi at an event in New Delhi.
Quoting Mr. Mukherjee as saying that the websites of the Union Ministries and Departments would soon be launched in Hindi and the language had a special place among the 21 languages listed in the Eighth Schedule, Mr. Karunanidhi said that if the President of a pluralistic country like India, who was supposed to be neutral, took such a partisan stand, it meant that efforts were on to negate the assurance given by Mr. Nehru.
“Under no situation will the DMK compromise on the language issue,” he reiterated, listing the decisions of the BJP government to impose Hindi.

Procter&Gamble commissions Rs 900 cr mfg unit in TelanganaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Procter&Gamble commissions Rs 900 cr mfg unit in Telangana
V Rishi Kumar
Business Line The Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhara Rao inaugurating the Procter and Gamble facility at Kothur in Mahbubnagar District on Thursday. - Photo: P V SIVAKUMAR
Kottur, Sept.18:  
The Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Thursday inaugurated the Procter&Gamble Home Products India's manufacturing unit located in Kottur in Mahabubnagar district about 36 km from Hyderabad.
The plant stated to be their largest in Asia has been set up with an outlay of Rs 900 crore is spread across a 170 acre site.
The Chief Minister assured them of State support in their plans to expand their facility.
Part of the diversified P&G, one of the largest fast growing commercial products company, its presence in India spans beauty and grooming, household care and health and well being segments.
Shantanu Khosla, MD&CEO, P&G India said "We are delighted to start operations of the manufacturing plant near Hyderabad, our sixth plant in India. We will continue to invest in the plant and the community in line with our vision."
Apart from employing local youth the company plans to train local youth collaborating with technical institutes.
P&G brands include Vicks, Ariel, Tide, Whisper, Olay, Gillette, AmbiPure among others.
Apart from creating significant local employment opportunities, P&G aims at community development in the region supporting the education of underprivileged children as part of P&G’s flagship CSR programme - P&G Shiksha.
P&G has adopted the Zonal Parishad High School in Penjerla village in partnership with its NGO partner Round Table India.
P&G operates through 3 entities in India of which 2 are listed on NSE & BSE. The listed P&G entities are Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited’ and Gillette India Limited, whereas the unlisted entity, a 100 per cent subsidiary of the parent company in the US, operates by the name ‘Procter & Gamble Home Products Ltd.’
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
P & G Health Care net up 13% at Rs 62 cr
TOPICS

Radio taxi startup Olacabs launches operations in LucknowVirendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Sep 18, 2014 08:39 PM IST
Radio taxi start-up OlaCabs on Thursday announced the launch of its operations in Lucknow.
The company, which provides point-to-point cab booking service, is expecting to ramp up its fleet size from 100 to 300 by the year-end.
Anand Subramanian, director of marketing communications, OlaCabs, said, “The cabs are owned and run by individual drivers or entrepreneurs, who have a tie-up with us for booking and revenue-sharing.”
In later stages, the company plans to launch services across Uttar Pradesh, including Varanasi, Allahabad and Agra.
OlaCabs also launched Ola, its propriety cab booking mobile app, allowing customers to book a cab and make payment through smartphones.
Lucknow is the 12th city for Ola. The service had been launched in Mumbai, Bangalore, Delhi-NCR, Chennai, Pune, Goa, Jaipur, Hyderabad, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad and Indore.
“Lucknow is one of India’s leading tourist destinations and we are excited to launch our services in the state capital,” Karan Singh Shekhawat, director of operations, Olacabs, said.

Tata Housing inks revised agreement with MaldivesTata Housing inks revised agreement with Maldives
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 03:54 PM IST
Tata Housing today signed a revised agreement with the Maldives government to complete a housing project in Male being developed at an investment of about Rs 1,000 crore.
The pact paves the way for resumption of construction work on the project that has been on hold for two years due to some issues over terms & conditions of the contract.
In 2010, Tata group's realty firm Tata Housing had signed agreement with the then Maldives government to develop the housing project on 4 different sites in that country.
According to the agreement, Tata Housing had to develop 350 affordable homes on 2 sites and hand it over to the Maldives government. The company got the other 2 sites for free sale.
However, sources said that the project was delayed because of the pending resolution of certain unavoidable contractual issues. Now, both the parties have mutually accepted the revised terms and conditions.
Tata Housing said in a statement that it has "signed addendum agreement with the Government of Maldives for the successful completion of the residential projects in Male".
As per the revised agreement, Tata Housing will now have to give 150 more affordable units to Maldives government. These homes need to be handed over within one year.
"With the revised agreement, the company will resume work on the Gaakoshi and Arabiyya sites," Tata Housing said.
The agreement was signed by Tata Housing MD & CEO Brotin Banerjee in the presence of Minister of Housing and Infrastructure Mohamed Muizzu in Maldives.
"The agreement of this project was signed in May 2010 between the government of Mohamed Nasheed and Apex Realty Pvt Ltd to develop luxury holiday villas and premium apartments under the brand 'La Grande'. Apex Realty is a joint venture between Tata Housing and SG 18 Realty," the statement said.
Banerjee said: "We are delighted with this development and look forward to working with the Maldives government to develop the project.
"We are positive that this will significantly contribute towards building strong bi-lateral relations between India and Maldives, thereby, encouraging other companies in India to enter into similar JVs."
Banerjee said the company is committed to deliver the residential apartments to the people and Maldives government and foresee huge demand potential of the project.
Tata Sons Ltd holds 99.86 per cent of equity share capital of Tata Housing. The realty firm is developing 70 million sq ft area and an additional 19 million sq ft is in the pipeline.

India signs pact with China to better trade ties  gets 20 billion dollars as ChineseinvestmentPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:05 pm
India on Thursday signed a 5-year trade and economic cooperation agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance and obtained USD 20 billion Chinese investment into the country.
The ‘Five year Trade and Economic Development Plan’ was signed by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting President Xi Jinping.
The agreement lays down a medium term roadmap for promoting balanced and sustainable development of economic and trade relations between China and India, on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
Among other things, it seeks to reduce bilateral trade imbalance and strengthen investment cooperation to realise USD 20 billion investment from China in 5 years.
Also a transparent, stable and investor friendly business environment and an enhanced cooperation between Chambers of Commerce and financial sectors of the two countries would also be covered under the pact.
The trade gap between the two countries stood at USD 35 billion in favour of China. The total bilateral trade was at USD 66.4 billion trade last year.
Sitharaman and Gao also signed the minutes of the tenth session of India-China Joint Economic Group held earlier this month in Beijing.
Both sides during the Beijing meeting held detailed discussions on various issues to promote broad and deep bilateral trade and economic cooperation and agreed to undertake measures to achieve sustainable and balanced trade.
Specific measures to enhance market access to Indian products such as agricultural and pharmaceutical, and export of services were also discussed during that meeting.

RLD chief Ajit Singh s supporters threaten to cut off water supply to DelhiSep 18, 2014 at  05:17pm IST
RLD chief Ajit Singh's supporters threaten to cut off water supply to Delhi
22
1
New Delhi: In a show of muscle power by RLD chief and former union minister Ajit Singh, his supporters on Thursday threatened to stop water supply to Delhi. Following this, a protest led by Ajit Singh and his supporters turned violent at Gang Nahar near Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh.
Protestors pelted stones at the police, after which there was a lathicharge. Ajit Singh had called the agitation after the New Delhi Municipal Council had ordered that water and power supply be cut to the government-owned house allotted to him for overstaying.
Earlier, haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had described the eviction order and snapping of power and water supply to official residence of Ajit Singh by the Centre as "discourteous act". Hooda had written to the NDA government demanding the bungalow be declared as a memorial.
#ajit singh #rld #delhi #water supply
"I have come to know that the Centre has issued ex-parte eviction order in respect of bungalow alloted to RLD leader and former Union Minister Ajit Singh and disconnected its electricity supply and causing him unwarranted hardship," he said. "I feel this is an unceremonious and discourteous act, more so because the sacred memories of Chaudhary Charan Singh, the former Prime Minister are associated with this house, in which he moved in 1978," Hooda wrote in his letter to Union Urban Development Minister, Venkaiah Naidu.
Hooda also wrote that since the days of Charan Singh, the house has been the centre of activities of Kisan Trust, which he founded for their welfare. The Haryana Chief Minister mentioned that thousands of people associated with farmers movement in India invariably visit the house for inspiration and guidance.
"The eviction order has severed the sentimental chord connecting Charan Singh memories and the peasants or workers of India," he said. "It has hurt the feelings of millions of farmers of India who consider Charan Singh as their messiah," he wrote. Hooda felt that to perpetuate the memory of Charan Singh, this bungalow be converted as Charan Singh Samriti Bhawan like others.
(With additional information from PTI)
54

J&K floods: SC expresses concern over relief work  demands status report from state governmentmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Xi wants to access Modi and his government  says bureaucrat Jaideep RanadeyXi wants to access Modi and his government, says bureaucrat Jaideep Ranadey
CNN-IBN | Sep 18, 2014 at 04:02pm
In an interview to CNN-IBN, former bureaucrat Jaideep Ranadey gave his views on Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India. 'Jinping's visit to India is to access Narendra Modi and his government. One has to agree that this visit will help improve Indo-China ties,' said Jaideep.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Philippine Agents Arrest 43 in Cybersex RaidsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

ICICI Bank signs $1-bn agreement with China Exim BankICICI Bank signs $1-bn agreement with China Exim Bank
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
ICICI Bank Ltd, India's largest private sector bank, today signed a framework agreement with the Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) for $1 billion.
“Under this agreement, China Exim Bank will consider providing short-term and long-term credit lines to ICICI Bank for financing purchase and import by the latter’s clients of Chinese products and services. The credit lines may also be utilised to support cooperation between Chinese and Indian enterprises in natural resources, energy exploration and construction contracting projects,” ICICI Bank said in a statement.
The framework agreement would strengthen existing ties between the two banks. ICICI Bank and China Exim Bank had signed a $500-million framework agreement for cooperation in July 2009.
Subsequent to the agreement, long-term lines of credit were established in support of Chinese imports into India. ICICI Bank and China Exim Bank have successfully partnered in financing projects at multiple locations in India.
ICICI Bank also signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with China Development Bank Corporation for strengthening commercial and economic ties and setting up a mechanism to facilitate mutual trade and investment opportunities. The MoU seeks to reinforce the economic and trade relationship between China and India, and to promote the economic development of their respective countries.
ICICI Bank had earlier signed a $500-million MoU with China Development Bank in December 2010. Simultaneously, lines of credit were established between the two banks in support of Chinese equipment imports to projects in India as well as other linkages of interest to both countries. The two banks are further collaborating to jointly support and promote projects having significant scope for furthering economic development of the two countries.
The parties agreed to continue the long-term and strategic cooperation by leveraging their respective strengths with a view to providing possible support in promoting trade and investment projects in each other's country. They also agreed to work towards expanding bilateral economic and trade relationships between China and India through joint provision of financial and advisory support for identified opportunities.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)

AP Govt suspends 2 officials for role in red sanders smugglingAP Govt suspends 2 officials for role in red sanders’ smuggling
Our Bureau
Hyderabad, Sept 18:  
Andhra Pradesh Government has suspended two officials for their involvement in red sanders smuggling.
The suspended officials were G Uday Kumar, who is currently serving as Deputy Superintendent of Police, CID and senior divisional police officer of Rajampet.
``The evidence shows that Uday Kumar, during his tenure as OSD- Taskforce, Red Sanders, Tirupati had received huge bribes from Red Sandalwood smuggles every month. These Red Sandalwood smugglers came from neighbouring states and other Rayalaseema districts,’’ a government release said.
The government also had proof that G V Ramana accepted bribes from people involved in criminal charges. ``It has been found that he has facilitated easy passage of Red Sanders smugglers without any checks,’’ it added.
Over 1,000 persons were arrested so far for their involvement in smuggling the red sanders.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Geo-informatics for horticultural crop assessmentGovt launches geo-informatics project to help assess horti crops
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 18:  
The Agriculture Department has recently launched a new project to use geo-spatial applications for the assessment and management of horticultural crops such as onion, potato and mango.
The project called CHAMAN (Coordinated programme on Horticulture Assessment and Management using geo informatics) will be implemented at a cost of Rs 13.38 crore for duration of three years starting 2014 till 2017, an official statement said.
Under the project, the remote sensing technology and sample survey techniques will be used for production forecasting of major horticultural crops in select districts. Other components include geospatial applications for horticultural development and management planning (site suitability, post-harvest infrastructure, crop intensification, GIS database creation, orchard rejuvenation, aqua-horticulture). Besides, detailed scientific field level studies will be conducted for developing technology for crop identification, yield modelling and disease assessment.
Fruits such as banana, mango, citrus and vegetables such as potato, tomato, onion and chilli will be covered under the project.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Amendments to MMDR Act to be introduced in winter session of ParliamentAmendments to MMDR Act to be introduced in winter session of Parliament
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bangalore Sep 18, 2014 03:48 PM IST
Mines minister Narendra Singh Tomar today said amendments to the Mines and Mineral Development and Regulation (MMDR) Act, 1957 would be carried in the coming session of Parliament, in an effort to strengthen the mining sector that has been hit by illegalities in several mineral states.
"We are working on changes to the MMDR Amendment Bill that was tabled in 2011-12 by the previous government. The Bill could not be passed as it lapsed with the completion of the term of the Parliament. However, we wish to reintroduce the Bill with certain changes in the coming session," Tomar said.
The ministry of mines is fine tuning the Bill with certain changes and taking into consideration the view of various state governments, he told reporters, here after inaugurating the 5th international Mining, Exploration Convention and Trade Show organised by the Federation of Indian Mineral Industries (FIMI).
The ministry has sought comments from states like Goa, Karnataka, Odisha and Chhattisgarh among others. It has also elicited views from other industry stakeholders including FIMI.
The government would take into consideration views and recommendations of the Shah Commission and recent Supreme Court verdicts. There will be greater transparency in the allotment of mining leases among other things, he added.
He also said it was the 'greed' of the profit-oriented mining industry that led to the current mess in the industry and resulted in the intervention of the judiciary.
Speaking on the occasion, NMDC Limited Chairman and Managing Director Narendra Kothari said the company would increase its annual iron ore production capacity to 32 million tonnes during the current fiscal.
It had produced 30 million tonnes in 2013-14. The company has also embarked on exploration of new mines in several states including Karnataka, he said.
The company would commission its new 1.2 million tonne capacity pellet plant at Donimalai in Bellary district of Karnataka during the current year. This is its first foray into manufacture of value added products, he added.

FMC censures NSEL for misleading public on dues recoveryFMC censures NSEL for misleading public on dues recovery
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 02:50 PM IST
Commodity markets regulator FMC has pulled up the scam-hit NSEL for making "deliberate" efforts to mislead public about progress made in the recovery of over Rs 5,689 crore dues from defaulters.
Taking strong objection to the NSEL's press release issued on September 11 on recovery issue, Forward Markets Commission has said that certain portions in the statement were "replete with factual inaccuracies thereby presenting before the public misleading and specious information".
In its statement, National Spot Exchange Ltd had refuted FMC' observation that the bourse has so far made slow progress in recovery of dues from the defaulters.
Reprimanding the NSEL, FMC said: "The commission is of the view that the content of your press release is laden with misinformation and malicious content with deliberate attempt to mislead the public about the actual state of affairs at NSEL."
In the letter written yesterday to the NSEL, the has regulator directed it to "desist from such actions" and asked it to focus on the primary task of recovery of dues from 24 defaulters.
Pointing out that only Rs 360.75 crore has been recovered out of the total outstanding amount of Rs 5,689 crore, FMC said: "NSEL may consider their efforts to be satisfactory but the Commission and the affected market participants are extremely concerned at this dismal progress in more than a year."
The regulator also made it clear that its mandate is to supervise the settlement of dues and "not to act as its (NSEL) representing agency to take recovery measures against the defaulting members," as suggested by the NSEL in its September 11 press release.
FMC also pulled up the NSEL for making false claim on availability of sufficient staff to help in recovery process.
"...The claim made in your press release regarding adequate staff strength and expert human resource are contrary to your oft-repeated position before the Commission on the issue," FMC said in the letter.
FMC said that the NSEL has only 54 staff as on July this year, as against 298 personnel in the same month last year.
The regulator said it has written to the Corporate Affairs Ministry to merge NSEL with its promoter Financial Technologies India Ltd because of reduced staff strength, shortage of financial resources and other infrastructure support at NSEL disposal.
NSEL, which is a subsidiary of Jignesh Shah-led FTIL, is grappling with a payment crisis after it suspended trading activities in July last year following a government directive.

NMDC to increase iron ore production by 10% in FY15NMDC to increase iron ore output by 10% next year
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bangalore Sep 18, 2014 10:34 PM IST
State-owned NMDC is set to increase iron ore production by at least 10 per cent to 32-33 million tonnes (mt) this financial year. During 2013-14, its production stood at 30, the highest so far.
Speaking to Business Standard, NMDC Chairman and Managing Director Narendra Kothari said, “I am committing at least 32 mt this year, though our intention is to produce more than that. In the next two years, we intend to produce 36-37 mt (annually). Our aim is to produce 50 mt by 2018-19 and touch 100 mt by 2024-25.”
He added the company would increase production at its two mines in Karnataka, Donimalai and Kumar-aswamy, to at least 10.5 mt this financial year. In 2013-14, NMDC produced nine mt in Karnataka.
“The Supreme Court has allowed us to produce 12 mt a year in Karnataka. Earlier, there were some issues such as mechanisation but we have resolved those. Next year, we will produce at least 12 mt in Karnataka,” Kothari said.
The company, he added, was constantly exploring new mines in several states, including Karnataka, with its own resources. “Unless we explore new mines, we cannot extend the life of our mines. In Karnataka, we were supposed to close our mines five years ago but new exploration helped us continue. We have just completed mining at the top layers of the hill; we will go down by 50-100 metres,” he said.
NMDC has increased its stake in Australian company Legacy Iron ore to 78 per cent. In 2011, it had acquired 48.8 per cent in that company, its first foreign acquisition. “There are huge iron ore reserves, in excess of a billion tonnes, in Australian mines. We will start mining in a year or two. We will also bring their exploration expertise to India,” Kothari said.
“Irrespective of prices of iron ore falling in the international market, we will not reduce prices in the domestic market. The fixation of price depends on the demand and supply situation. There is good demand for iron ore in the country. We will continue to increase our production,” he added.
NMDC, he said, would invest Rs 3,500 crore on diversification. It is setting up a three-mt-a-year steel plant in Nagarnar (Chhattisgarh), which will be operational by 2016-17. A new pellet plant in Donimalai (Karnataka), which has a capacity of  one mt, will be commissioned this financial year. The company has awarded the operation and maintenance contract to KIOCL Limited for a period of three years, he added.

Before Narendra Modi s US visit  construction FDI may be easedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Eviction notice: Ajit Singh slams BJP for lack of courtesyNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 02:09 IST
Ajit Singh given ample time to vacate bungalow, says Venkaiah
Mahim Pratap Singh
PTI Labourers unloading packages in a truck from former union minister and RLD leader Ajit Singh's residence n New Delhi on Sunday.
TOPICS
government
"I had written to the government seeking four months time to vacate the house", says the former union minister
Even as supporters of RLD chief Ajit Singh turned violent after he was asked to vacate his government bungalow, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu said the former Union Minister was given ample time to vacate the bungalow.
Refuting Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda’s allegation that the eviction notice was issued “ex parte” and in an “unceremonious and discourteous” manner, Mr. Naidu said the government had “complied with due process of law.”
On the demand — raised by Mr. Singh and his supporters — to convert the bungalow into a memorial in the name of the former Prime Minister, Chaudhary Charan Singh, Mr. Naidu said the government had “banned conversion of official bungalows into memorials.”
Mr. Hooda too, had written to Mr. Naidu on Wednesday, suggesting the bungalow be converted into a memorial for Ch. Charan Singh, who had moved there in 1978.
“Hon’ble Supreme Court…in July, 2013 had suggested not to allow any general pool residential accommodation to be converted into memorials,” Mr. Naidu said, in his reply to the Haryana CM.
He also said all former ministers who were not members of the 16th Lok Sabha, were given a month to vacate official accommodation.
Subsequently, cases of unauthorised occupants were referred to the designated authority under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 for necessary action, he said.
“[For] bungalow no.12, Tughlak Road, which has been under the occupation of Shri Ajit Singh, similar due process of law has been followed. Hence, it is not correct to say that an ex parte eviction order was issued to him,” Mr. Naidu wrote.
The New Delhi Municipal Corporation had cut the power and water supply on Sunday.
In retaliation, Mr. Singh’s supporters went on the rampage on Thursday in Ghaziabad, threatening to snap the water supply to the national capital.
PTI adds:
Days after power and water supplies to his official residence were disconnected , RLD chief Ajit Singh on Thursday said he would vacate his government bungalow by next week but claimed people want the house to be converted into a memorial of his father, late Charan Singh.
The former Union minister also slammed the BJP for lack of “courtesy” saying though he cannot stay in the residence after ceasing to be a minister or a lawmaker, he should have been given time to vacate after he informed the government of his plans to leave by September 24.
“After BJP lost power in 2004, several of its leaders continued to occupy bungalows meant for ministers. When I have already informed them that I would leave by September 24, what was the need to cut power and water supply? I had written to the government seeking four months time to vacate the house.
But there has been no response,” Mr. Singh said.

Nicco Parks Resorts: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nicco Parks & Resorts: Updates on outcome of AGM
Nicco Parks & Resorts has submitted a copy of the Minutes of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nicco Parks & Resorts: Updates on outcome of AGM
Nicco Parks & Resorts has submitted a copy of the Minutes of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nicco Parks & Resorts Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

News Corp Opposes Google in EU Antitrust CaseAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Rupee rises 8 paise to end at 60.84 versus dollarHi Guest
Rupee rises 8 paise to end at 60.84 versus dollar
The Indian rupee gained on Thursday tracking a rally in domestic shares on hopes the country would retain its appeal to foreign investors, despite uncertainty about the outlook for US interest rates that hit other emerging markets.  The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a 'considerable time,' but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving. Although emerging Asian currencies were hit, the rupee ...

Reliance Jio signs tower sharing agreement with GTL InfraReliance Jio signs tower sharing agreement with GTL Infra
Titan outstripping country s watch marketTitan outstripping country s watch market
SC questions lack of transparency in appointment of CVC  VCsSC questions lack of transparency in appointment of CVC  VCs
China committed to resolve border dispute with India (Update:- Xi JinpingChina committed to resolve border dispute with India (Update:- Xi Jinping
Hinduja Foundries: Appointment of woman directorHinduja Foundries: Appointment of woman director
Xi Jinping invites PM Narendra Modi to visit ChinaXi Jinping invites PM Narendra Modi to visit China
FertMin to set up urea plants along Rs 10K-crore gas pipelineFertMin to set up urea plants along Rs 10K-crore gas pipeline
Maruti appoints RS Kalsi as head of domestic marketing & salesMaruti appoints RS Kalsi as head of domestic marketing & sales
Godavari Drugs: Outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Godavari Drugs: Outcome of AGM
Godavari Drugs has informed that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Godavari Drugs: Outcome of AGM
Godavari Drugs has informed that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Godavari Drugs Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 14, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Godavari Drugs: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Godavari Drugs: Updates on outcome of AGM
Godavari Drugs has submitted a copy of proceedings of the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Godavari Drugs: Updates on outcome of AGM
Godavari Drugs has submitted a copy of proceedings of the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Godavari Drugs Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 26th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 14, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Gangotri Textiles: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 18, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gangotri Textiles: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Gangotri Textiles has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 11, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gangotri Textiles: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Gangotri Textiles has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 11, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Gangotri Textiles Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 11, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rail stocks in demand; surge up to 6%Rail stocks in demand; surge up to 6%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Rail stocks on Thursday gained as much as 6 per cent after India and China signed 12 agreements on various issues including investments in the railways.
Shares of Stone India jumped 6.22 per cent, while Kernex Microsystems gained 4.95 per cent on the BSE.
Among others, Kalindee Rail Nirman rose by 3.30 per cent, Titagarh Wagons (2.24%), Texmaco Rail and Engineering (2.01%) and Container Corporation of India (1.55%).
“Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India’s infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects,” said Devang Mehta, Sr VP & Head — Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
India and China today signed 12 agreements following talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
After the talks on the second day of Jinping’s three-day visit, 12 agreements were also signed on various issues including setting up two Chinese industrial parks in India and investments in the Railways.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Johnson & Johnson to invest Rs 400 cr in new mfg unit in TelanganaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Johnson & Johnson to invest Rs 400 cr in new mfg unit in Telangana
V Rishi Kumar
Business Line Vikas Srivastava, Managing Director, Johnson & Johnson Consumer (India)
Kothur, Sept. 18:  
The Telangana Chief K Chandrasekhar Rao today laid the foundation stone for the new manufacturing facility for Johnson & Johnson India near Kothur in Mahabubnagar district.  
The company plans to invest Rs 400 crore in the plant to be located in a 47 acre site. When ready, the facility will be Johnson & Johnson’s largest manufacturing facility in India.
In phase I to be ready by 2016, the company plans to manufacture personal hygiene and skin care products.
The facility will also create employment opportunities for the local community and the talent pool in the region.
Vikas Srivastava, Managing Director, Johnson & Johnson Consumer (India) said “We are very excited to begin work on what will become our largest manufacturing facility in India. Johnson & Johnson has been serving the healthcare needs of India by providing safe, innovative products to consumers."
This facility will focus on hygiene, baby care and facial care products and is expected to serve the region and also other parts of the country.
This new facility will further strengthen our commitment to consumers in India to improve the health and wellbeing of the society, he said. 
The plant design will incorporate many innovative elements to ensure energy efficiency, water consumption patterns and waste management in a sustainable manner, the company executive said.
It will use radiant cooling technology, natural lighting and water recycling. The facility will be developed as per WHO’s good manufacturing practices.  
Approximately 128,000 employees work for Johnson & Johnson across more than 275 operating companies in 60 countries.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Cochin Port Trust plans Kerala Travel Mart in Willingdon IslandCochin Port Trust plans Kerala Travel Mart in Willingdon Island
V. Sajeev kumar
Set to sail: A view of the stall of Kerala Tourism at KTM 2014 in Kochi on Thursday. VIPIN CHANDRAN
Kochi, Sept. 18:  
As B2B meetings and one-on-discussions gather steam at the ongoing Kerala Travel Mart venue, the Cochin Port Trust has unveiled a concept before investors’ for tourism promotion.
The Port Trust, with its policy of port based tourism development, showcased a single parcel of 57 acres at the southern tip of Willingdon Island which would be ideal for setting up hospitality and leisure related projects.
A senior port official at the KTM venue told Business Line that this triangular land strip has waterfront on two sides and is most suited for large luxury hotels, oceanarium, water sports complex, food courts, entertainment arcades and such other innovative tourism products.
The land, which is not suitable for any shipping related activities, will be offered on an open tender basis for a period of 30 years. The transfer of land, he said, is in line with land policy guidelines of the Shipping Ministry which recently directed the better utilisation of land resources at Mumbai Port to promote port based tourism projects.
The driving objective of this project is to provide a viable engagement for the migration of labour force arising out of port’s mechanisation, knowing too well that tourism industry still continues to be the most labour intensive industries. The port has only drawn out broad concepts and it would be open to the prospective developer to use his ingenuity in making the best use of the land consistent with the objective of tourism based hospitality project, he said.
He recalled that the port has always been in the forefront in making judicious application of its resources and service objectives for developing port based tourism projects. The successive introduction of novel promotional schemes aimed at stimulating tourism through Kochi has led to the Port emerging as the cruise hub port of India with all the global cruise line majors patronising Cochin Port.
Since 2009, a major Europe based cruise lines has used Kochi for the turnaround of cruise tourists from Europe. The entire major cruise ships, including Queen Elizabeth, Queen Mary 2 and several such luxurious liners have made a stopover at Kochi during their maiden round the world voyages, he added.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

AP CMinaugurates pharma unitAP CM inaugurates pharma unit
Our Bureau 
Tweet
Srikakulam, Sept. 18:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government will provide the necessary infrastructure, incentives and skill upgradation facilities for the pharma industry and the captains of industry should come forward to invest on a large scale in the State, according to Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu.
He was speaking at Derasam village in the Ranasthalam mandal of Srikakulam district on Thursday after inaugurating the formulations unit of the VKT Pharma Private Limited - a company of the SMS Pharma group. The unit was set up in 17 acres at a cost of Rs 200 crore for producing 1.4 billion tablets per annum.
The Chief Minister said that when he was the Chief Minister of the united AP the State was in the first position in the country and now it had slipped to third, with Maharashtra and Gujarat overtaking it. "I shall make all efforts to make AP the number one in the pharma sector. Especially, there is immense scope for bulk drug units. The State Government is going to set up a mission for skill development and therefore the industry would get the right kind of personnel. But they should provide jobs to the locals mainly," he said.
Alluding to labour unrest in Srikakulam district, he said the unions should also play a constructive role in the economic growth of the State and the industry on its part should do its bit for labour welfare and community development. "It should be a combined effort of the Government, the industry, the unions and the local people. Only then can districts like Srikakulam and Vizianagaram, lagging far behind other districts now, can be taken forward. Industry and tourism are absolutely necessary for growth, and agriculture alone will not suffice, though it cannot be neglected," he said.
P. Ramesh Babu, the chairman of the company, said that the unit had been built to world class standards and there would not be any pollution. Now only the first phase had been completed and the company would spend Rs 300 crores more on the next two phases and take the capacity of the unit to 4 billion tablets per annum. Injectibles and orals would also be produced. He said several MNCs had already approached the unit for contract manufacturing of drugs. He assured the Chief Minister and the people that his company would be a good corporate citizen and strive for the development of Srikakulam district.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Nielsen acquires economics research firm Indicus AnalyticsNielsen acquires economics research firm Indicus Analytics
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 05:16 PM IST
Global information and insights provider Nielsen today said it has acquired economics research firm Indicus Analytics for an undisclosed sum, and is looking for more such opportunities in India.
This is the first acquisition by Nielsen India.
"We have been looking for (acquisition) opportunities for a while. We worked together with Indicus for a year and learnt that it is a good match for us," Nielsen India Region President Piyush Mathur told reporters.
When asked if the company is looking for more acquisitions going forward, he said: "Yes, we are. We have created a pipeline and hired a merger and acquisition person. There is one in the pipeline at present."
Nielsen is looking for companies working in the analytics and information technology (IT) space.
Post this acquisition, Indicus Analytics will merge with Nielsen India. Indicus Analytics founder and MD Laveesh Bhandari will join Nielsen as the Chief Economist.
"With the acquisition, Nielsen strengthens its portfolio in India by combining its information and insights capabilities with Indicus' focus on analytic focus," the company said.

Global index: 1871 ranks No. 9 among university-associated incubators1
1871 said in a news release that “Northwestern University, University of Chicago, University of Illinois and Illinois Institute of Technology all have dedicated spaces at 1871 where students and faculty come to work on their businesses and immerse themselves in Chicago’s entrepreneurial community.”
1871 CEO Howard Tullman said in the release: “The UBI Index ranking confirms that 1871 is a global leader in its support of innovation and the entrepreneurial community.”
The UBI Index website said it surveyed 800 incubators across 67 countries. It said it measured more than 60 key performance indicators including jobs created, revenue per client, survival rate and available funding.
Rice University’s Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship ranked No. 1 in the organization’s global top 25 among university business incubators.

Music and a helping handUpdated: September 16, 2014 19:00 IST
Music and a helping hand
ALLAN MOSES RODRICKS
HE HOLDS THE STRINGS Ögmundur Thor Jóhannesson
HE HOLDS THE STRINGS Ögmundur Thor Jóhannesson
TOPICS
classical music
Icelandic guitarist Thor, feels at home in Bangalore as he shoulders the responsibility to help classical guitarists in India gain a sound footing
There are two things that fascinate Icelandic classical guitarist Ögmundur Thor Jóhannesson about India – its rich cultural background and its ability to adapt to changing times. Here in the city for a recital on A Journey of Classical Guitar organised by the Bangalore School of Music, the musician, who is currently based in India, shares insights into his journey and his love affair with the land he now calls home.
Thor has taken it upon himself to help the classical guitarists in India and travels across the country training them.
“I’m thankful for the lovely responses I’ve got. Presently, I’m trying to make sure the seeds I’ve planted here continue to grow irrespective of whether I live the rest of my life in India or not.”
Born in Reykjavík, Iceland, Thor started his adventure with music from the age of 10 with the classical guitar and went on to complete his music studies in multiple degrees with top honours. “My father is a songwriter and guitar player. I would never forget the fascination I had for the sound and the instrument. It was exciting from the beginning. The catalyst to play the classical guitar though came when I heard my uncle, who was also a guitarist, play a record of Australian classical guitarist John William’s greatest hits. I was wowed by the songs which gave me goose bumps. That’s what kicked off my journey.”
The 33-year-old goes on to explain that he faced a lot of ups and downs after that. “There was a lot of activity. I’ve had periods of frustration as well as loads of inspirations. As a youngster, I was always flustered that there was no coherent system in place for the guitar unlike the piano or the violin. It came very strongly to me to find the system and I found it with some fantastic teachers in my life.”
It was after that phase that he was led to India. “I had come here a couple of times. I found it to be a fascinating place. While I initially came to check out its exotic culture, I soon discovered India had more to offer. There was a huge potential in India for upcoming Western Classical music and I figured I could stay, participate and contribute. The vibrant scene fascinated me in a period when I was only competing instead of contributing in my life. I was inspired to travel and help where I could. It has been a fun discovery.”
On what he discovered about himself musically in these years here, Thor says he’s found music to be like meditation. “Music is a mirror of you. It’s your point of view, how you approach things and make your presence felt. I’ve had a wonderful journey so far - musically and spiritually.”
He shares a bit of advice to all classical guitarists to get inspired by listening to top performers in other instruments. “I’m also learning to see if you are really following your dream or chasing other people’s dreams. That happens a lot in music and most of us are unaware of it. Remember to be creative in your promotion.”
On the future of classical music, Thor says he’s been talking to musicians and composers in India about fusion and all sorts of progressive thinking. “We need to integrate and market ourselves for a bigger audience since the possibilities are endless now. It’s important to have an open-minded thinking.”
Is that the need of the hour? Yes and no, he says. “A contemporary outlook to classical guitar is all based on possibilities again. Recitals are tending to be shorter. Trends in Europe are that classical players are performing with a lot of improvisations. A lot of young people like classical music but there are no audiences for classical music. The need is actually to have creative shows. That could be the possible future with more elements integrated into the show that gives a different experience.”
He adds that live music may never die. “It will evolve. It needs to be made more creative and made easy and accessible for people. A mix of contemporary and classical music - that could be the future.”

Epilogue: A too-short long list for the National Book AwardBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 17 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
My colleague Ron Charles went in on the overwhelming maleness of the nominees for the National Book Award for non-fiction earlier today.
Roz Chast is the lone woman on the long list for the National Book Award for non-fiction. (Credit: Bloomsbury)
“Of course, it’s statistically possible to flip a coin and get heads nine times out of 10, and I’m loath to criticize these distinguished judges,” he wrote. “Their workload is Sisyphean, the honor is fleeting, the pay is minuscule, and they have to put up with self-righteous harping from people like me. But it’s difficult to imagine a literary jury in this day and age looking over such a long, masculine list without wondering if maybe they’d missed something.”
So our question of the day is this: what do you think they missed?
•Get yourself excited for “Gone Girl” with a long video exploration of David Fincher’s past work.
•At least one Joan Rivers biography is in the works .
•It appears that the next hot idea in television is going to be the criminal history of Los Angeles .

Australian PM orders counter-terrorism ops after news of public killing by IS surfaces in SydneyAustralian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Thursday warned about a possible terrorist strike in Australia. (Source: Express Arvhives)
Reuters | Sydney | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:32 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 10:35 am
Intelligence showed that militants connected with Islamic State were planning to behead a member of the public in Australia, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Thursday after hundreds of police raided homes in a sweeping counter-terrorism operation.
Abbott said there was a “serious risk from a terrorist attack” days after Australia raised its national terror threat level to “high” for the first time. The heightened alert cited the likelihood of attacks by Australians radicalised in Iraq or Syria.
Australia, which is due to host the Group of 20 Leaders Summit in Brisbane in mid-November, is concerned over the number of its citizens it believes are fighting overseas with Islamist militant groups. Treasurer Joe Hockey insisted that the necessary precautions had been put in place for the G20 Leaders Summit. He dismissed concerns the raids could disrupt a meeting of G20 finance ministers this weekend in the tropical northern city of Cairns.
More than 800 police were involved in the pre-dawn security operation in Sydney and Brisbane, described as the largest in Australian history. At least 15 people had been detained, police told a news conference.
Australian Broadcasting Corp. and other local media reported earlier on Thursday that members of the group planned to snatch a random person in Sydney, Australia’s largest city, and execute them on camera draped in the flag of the Islamic State militant organisation.
Asked at a media conference in the Northern Territory about reports of plans to conduct a public beheading, Abbott said: “That’s the intelligence we received.”
“The exhortations, quite direct exhortations, were coming from an Australian who is apparently quite senior in ISIL to networks of support back in Australia to conduct demonstration killings here in this country,” Abbott said, referring to the group otherwise known as Islamic State that has seized large swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq.
He did not identify the Australian. A court official and police said a Sydney man identified as Omarjan Azari, 22, had appeared in court after the raids and been charged with conspiracy to commit a terrorist act and would remain in custody until a hearing in November.
Prosecutor Michael Allnutt told the court in Sydney that an attack was being planned that “was clearly designed to shock and horrify, perhaps terrify” the community, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.
Azari’s lawyer, Steven Boland, did not apply for bail. Boland was not immediately available for comment
POLICE ON THE STREETS
Footage released by Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria in recent weeks purported to show the beheadings of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and British aid worker David Haines.
In 2013, British soldier Lee Rigby was hacked to death by two Muslim converts in London who claimed the attack was in retaliation for the killing of Muslims by continued…

Sony looks to PlayStation to save the daySeptember 18, 2014 7:55 am
Sony looks to PlayStation to ride to the rescue
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/995a291a-3ef4-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Rises to 60.92/Dollar  Shares Trade HigherYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Rises to 60.92/Dollar, Shares Trade Higher
Agencies | Updated On: September 18, 2014 14:27 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
The rupee was trading at 61.92 vs previous close of 60.93. Strong gains in shares capped the losses in the currency.
The Indian unit had earlier hit an intra-day session low 61.2050. The Nifty was trading up 1.47 per cent.
Asia forex fell today after dovish Fed comments. Dollar index was up 0.37 per cent, it highest in four years.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack MaAlibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 18, 2014: 5:54 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma's wallet is going to be a lot fatter after his company goes public this week in New York.
Ma is selling 12.75 million shares in Alibaba's IPO, bringing in as much as $867 million if they are priced at the top of the target range of $66 to $68 .
That's no mean way for the Chinese entrepreneur to ring in his 50th birthday, celebrated just a few days ago on Sept. 10.
Ma's remaining 7.8% stake in the company is estimated to be worth about $13 billion. The deal values Alibaba ( BABA ) itself at $163 billion, slightly bigger than Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ).
Alibaba's executive vice chairman Joe Tsai is also selling shares in the IPO that will net him as much as $289 million. His remaining stake in the company is estimated to be worth as much as $5.4 billion.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
Ma and Tsai made their fortunes by building Alibaba into a tech behemoth that does just about everything. The firm runs China's two most popular online shopping sites, Taobao and Tmall, and operates a network of services that allow consumers to process payments, buy movie tickets, get lunch delivered, or invest in a money market fund.
A former English teacher, Ma is something of an unlikely billionaire. He flunked his college entrance exams, was rejected by Harvard, and was snubbed by most people when he first started talking about building an Internet business in China.
Related: Alibaba: All you need to know
But he proved them all wrong, and Alibaba is now on the brink of what could be the biggest IPO in history.
Ma and Tsai are now putting some of their wealth towards philanthropic efforts . In April, they established two trusts funded by share options worth about 2% of the company. The funds are planned to benefit environmental, medical, education and cultural causes in China.
Also poised to win big in the Alibaba IPO is Masayoshi Son, Japan's richest man. He is CEO of telecoms group Softbank ( SFTBF ), which has seen the value of its original $20 million investment soar to about $54 billion.
Softbank doesn't plan to unload any shares in the IPO.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) will sell shares worth as much as $8.3 billion. Its remaining stake could be worth about $27 billion.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 10:13 PM ET
Most Popular

India s M&A deal stands at $32.6 bn during J...cross-border deals
(According to assurance,…)
NEW DELHI: The month of August saw overall private equity deal activity worth $1.6 billion, taking the year-to-date value of transactions in the country to $32.6 billion, indicating this year will end with much better number in terms of mergers and acquisitions.
According to assurance, tax and advisory firm Grant Thornton, the overall deal sentiment in India has remained consistently high from second quarter of 2014, surpassing the level of value and volume recorded in the past two years.
There were 762 deals including both mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and private equity transactions in the first eight months of this year amounting to $32.6 billion. In the corresponding period of the last year, there were 614 deals worth $27.7 billion.
"We see the overall trend continuing in terms of quantity of deals. We have seen some very interesting deals in the infrastructure and manufacturing sector among the corporate M&A, and we continue to see an uptick in the private equity and cross-border deals as we go along," Grant Thornton India Partner Harish HV said.
A sector-wise analysis shows that the energy & natural resources sector has been active this year with 25 deals aggregating $4.1 billion so far, while the IT & ITES sector continues to top the charts both in the M&A and PE space.
Overall, the values and number of deals are up this year compared to the previous two years, he said, adding "we expect that this year will end with much better number compared to the previous two on M&A."
With 19 per cent increase in value and 12 per cent increase in volume over 2013, the M&A sphere saw increased activity at $25 billion (by way of 373 deals).
"Clearly, domestic & inbound deal activity has contributed to this increase. Although the deal volume is consistent, outbound deal value is yet to match the levels seen previously," the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  China sign trade pacts | To hold talks on civil nuclear cooperationChina
(A sister city agreement…)
NEW DELHI: India today signed a 5-year trade and economic cooperation agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance.
The 'Five year Trade and Economic Development Plan' was signed by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting President Xi Jinping .
The agreement lays down a medium term roadmap for promoting balanced and sustainable development of economic and trade relations between China and India, on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
Among other things, it seeks to reduce bilateral trade imbalance and strengthen investment cooperation to realise $20 billion investment from China in 5 years.
Also a transparent, stable and investor friendly business environment and an enhanced cooperation between Chambers of Commerce and financial sectors of the two countries would also be covered under the pact.
The trade gap between the two countries stood at USD 35 billion in favour of China. The total bilateral trade was at USD 66.4 billion trade last year.
Sitharaman and Gao also signed the minutes of the tenth session of India-China Joint Economic Group held earlier this month in Beijing.
Both sides during the Beijing meeting held detailed discussions on various issues to promote broad and deep bilateral trade and economic cooperation and agreed to undertake measures to achieve sustainable and balanced trade.
Specific measures to enhance market access to Indian products such as agricultural and pharmaceutical, and export of services were also discussed during that meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EPFO makes it mandatory to provide workers  ...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO makes it mandatory to provide workers' bank account numbers
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 04.25PM IST
(EPFO has already captured…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees' bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation headquarters has asked its over 120 field offices to seek the core banking account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch for seeding the same with the portable Universal PF Account Number (UAN).
"...government issued direction ..to issue order making submission of Bank Accounts by the members mandatory in order to facilitate the allotment of UAN, proper implementation of the EPF Scheme, 1952 and removal of the difficulties in the matter of payment of accumulations in the Fund to members after they cease to be such members," an office order said.
EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan has said that these directives shall help the body in getting the bank account details of all the members which are necessary for making UAN operational.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 1.80 crore employees, PAN details in respect of 86.9 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 28.2 lakh employees.
The EPFO is in the process of making portable Universal PF Account Number (UAN) operational for its 4.17 crore contributing subscribers by October 15.
The body had started the process of seeding the 4.17 crore UANs with subscribers bank account numbers, PAN, Aadhaar and other Know-your-Customers (KYC) details to improve the delivery of its services in July this year.
As per the office order, the firms will have to furnish the information regarding the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of existing members by October 15.
Besides the employers shall provide the information regarding bank account and IFSC code in respect of previous members under their employment by October 31.
The order further stated that every employer henceforth will provide the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of every new member on joining the Fund.
As per the order, the subscribers of the fund who are presently not employees of any establishment, will provide their core banking account numbers with IFSC code of the bank branch, a crossed cheque folio with member's name printed thereon and their previous PF account number themselves at any Regional or Sub-Regional Office of the EPFO. These category of members shall be provided this information by November 31.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Jio to use GTL Infra s towers to ro...You are here: Home > Collections
Reliance Jio to use GTL Infrastructure's towers to roll out 4G services
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.43PM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
(Reliance Jio plans…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a tower-sharing deal with GTL Infrastructure Ltd . (GTL), which will help the telecom unit of Reliance Industries roll out its much-awaited high speed data and voice services faster and at a lower cost across India.
"Our mission is to launch a pan-India next-generation voice and data services. We will build the same through a judicious combination of own build and rented infrastructure," Sanjay Mashruwala, managing director of Reliance Jio Infocomm, said in a statement on Thursday.
This master services agreement with GTL Infra is "not only a step in that direction but will also help us accelerate our roll out," he added.
Reliance Jio plans to lease around 70,000 towers and put up 30,000 of its own, including smaller cell sites on single poles, as it aims to launch fourth-generation (4G) data and voice services next year. Credit Suisse says that the company is on track to launch its services by March 2015.
Jio owns pan-India airwaves in the 2300 MHz band since May 2010, but it is yet to roll out service. It must do so by May 2015 as per the licence obligation at the time of sale. It also bought airwaves in the 1800 MHz band in a government auction in February. On both bands, it plans to launch 4G data services along with second-generation voice service on the 1800 MHz band.
The broad agreement between the two companies will see Reliance Jio use GTL Infra's around 30,000 telecom towers spread across the country.
Charudatta Naik, group chief executive at GTL's parent Global Group, said, "The launch of 4G networks and the rise in the consumption of data services is a growth driver for tower companies", adding that the tower company is strong especially in regions like the North East, and South.
Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio has been firming up infrastructure sharing agreements with telecom companies, which already have passive infrastructure in place in a bid to hasten the pace of its launch, lower capital costs and avoid duplication of infrastructure, wherever possible.
This could also help limit environmental damage as telecom towers are heavy diesel consumers.
Last year, it had announced an infrastructure sharing deal with Reliance Communications , owned by Anil Ambani . The deal between the companies owned by the Ambani brothers proposed to use some or all of the 48,000 towers held by RCOM's Reliance Infratel unit.
Then late last year, it tied up with the Bharti Group , which controls Bharti Airtel , to use the latter's under-sea cable network that connects India with Singapore and share each other's infrastructure, including their optic fibre network, undersea cables, wireless towers and Internet broadband services.
It has also signed a deal to share the towers of Bharti Infratel, the telecom tower unit of Bharti Airtel, Viom Networks, American Tower, Ascend Telecom and Tower Vision.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba cash could fund small spending spree...Alibaba cash could fund small spending spree at Yahoo
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 04.35PM IST
But with numerous holes to fill and soaring tech company valuations, Yahoo will have to make tough choices with any acquisitions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's upcoming public offering will give Yahoo Inc billions of dollars for a potential shopping spree that investors hope will jumpstart its comeback.
But with numerous holes to fill and soaring tech company valuations, Yahoo will have to make tough choices with any acquisitions.
Yahoo is expected to sell about $9.5 billion in stock of the Chinese e-commerce company. After giving at least half back to investors and paying taxes , Yahoo's cash stockpile, currently $4.2 billion, may swell by $3.1 billion. That is not a lot in Silicon Valley these days.
"They are not in a position to make huge acquisitions," said Jean Yu, assistant portfolio manager of the $2.8 billion ClearBridge Value Trust fund, which owns Yahoo shares. Yu expects the new proceeds to be used for deals around several hundred million dollars each.
Yahoo's revenue growth has stalled in recent years as its once-hot Web portal and email service have lagged rivals. Key areas in need of repair include Yahoo's mobile offerings and an advertising system that doesn't deliver the precise targeting available from rivals like Google Inc and Facebook Inc , investors say.
Yahoo is not one of the first three or four places that consumers go to on their mobile phone, said Bill Tai, partner emeritus at venture capital firm CRV.
"All the momentum right now is shifting rapidly to mobile," said Tai.
Chief Executive Marissa Mayer has more than doubled monthly mobile users to 450 million since taking the helm two years ago. She revamped the line-up of mobile apps by making small acquisitions that brought in teams of mobile engineers.
That may be the path forward, too, since many of the best-known mobile properties are out of Yahoo's financial reach. Messaging service Snapchat, for instance, was recently valued at close to $10 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Online review site Yelp Inc is a long-rumored Yahoo acquisition target that could help Yahoo expand into new "transactional" businesses, such as restaurant food deliveries from which Yahoo would receive fees. But with a $5.5 billion market cap, Yelp would represent a huge acquisition for Yahoo that might not go over well with investors.
Yahoo was not immediately available for comment.
Some argue that Yahoo could get more bang for its buck by focusing its acquisitions on advertising technology, a sector where prices are not as rich.
Publicly-listed ad tech companies such as The Rubicon Project Inc, YuMe Inc and Tubemogul Inc
all have market values of roughly $400 million or less, while the privately-owned AppNexus was valued at $1.2 billion in its most recent funding round.
Advertising also could deliver an immediate jolt of revenue, said Pivotal Research Group's Brian Wieser. "The good news about ad tech is there are a lot of real businesses."

Morning links: L.A. school district gives up grenade launchers  keeps MRAP and assault riflesA Los Angeles school district reluctantly gives up grenade launchers supplied by the Pentagon. But it will keep its MRAP and 61 assault-style rifles.
San Diego public school police officers are also well-armed , thanks to AR-15s supplied by the Pentagon.
Witnesses say a man killed by Utah police was running away.
“ The ISIS Conspiracies : How a century’s worth of anxieties about America’s southern border are affecting the latest foreign-policy crisis.”
The Justice Department announces a five-city study of bias in policing.
Video of the day: Dr. Cart Hart challenges preconceptions about drug use and drug abuse.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Centre sounds warning over foreign nationals buying immovable properties inIndiaPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:43 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 5:48 pm
Centre has sounded warning to State governments over reports that foreign nationals are buying immovable property illegally in some parts of the country in violation of the rules and regulations under FEMA.
In a recent letter to State governments including Orissa, Centre has intimated that foreign nationals coming to India and staying beyond 182 days on tourists visa or other visa meant for a certain period are illegally acquiring immovable property.
Quoting the warning, Orissa revenue secretary Dr Taradatt in a letter to all district collectors early this week wrote that a foreign national who is residing in India for more than 182 days for taking up employment or carrying on business or for any other purpose indicating his stay for uncertain period may acquire immovable property in India subject to fulfilling certain requirements prescribed by the State authorities.
“To be treated as a ‘person resident of India’ under FEMA, a person has not only to satisfy the condition of period of stay (being more than 182 days during the course of the preceding financial year), but has also to comply with the condition of the purpose of the stay. No person being a citizen of Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Afghanistan, China, Iran, Nepal or Bhutan would acquire or transfer immovable property in India without prior permission of RBI,” the letter said.
The provisions contained in Foreign Exchange Management (Acquisition and Transfer of Immovable Property in India) Regulation-21/2000 stipulate that an Indian citizen residing outside India and a Person of Indian Origin residing outside India may acquire immovable property in India other than agricultural land, plantation or farm house.
A foreign company which has established a branch office or other place of business in India under the provision of Foreign Exchange Management (Establishment in India of Branch or office or other place of business) Regulations, 2000 can acquire immovable property in India which is a necessary for or incidental to carrying on such activity, subject to the conditions stipulated in Regulation 5 of Foreign Exchange Management Regulations, 2000.
The Centre made it clear that a foreign national who is residing in India for more than 182 days during the course of the preceding financial year for taking up employment or carrying on business/vacation or for any other purpose indicating his intention to stay for an uncertain period can acquire immovable property in India as he would be a person resident in India as per section 2(v) of the FEMA 1999.
To be treated as person resident in India under FEMA, a person has not only to satisfy the condition of the period of stay, but also his purpose of stay as well as the type of Indian visa granted to him to clearly indicate the intention to stay in India for an uncertain period. In this regard, the intention of stay has to be unambiguously established with supporting documentation including visa.
Orissa has now asked all the district collectors as well as sub-registrars to be extra vigilant in such matters and ensure eligibility under FEMA before registering sale or purchase of immovable properties by foreign nationals and seek necessary declarations and the verify the nature of visa from the intending buyer. The Centre has also asked the States to consider reviewing registration of sale/purchase already made if necessary. continued…

BKU activists  RLD protest Ajit Singh bungalow evictionorderPress Trust of India | Ghaziabad | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:21 pm
Thousands of supporters of RLD chief Ajit Singh on Thursday pelted stones at the police during a protest against Centre’s move to evict him from his official residence in Delhi, following which police resorted to lathicharge to disperse them, injuring at least 18 people.
Activists of Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) and Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) supporters took out a march towards Muradnagar, who had attempted to cut-off water supply to Delhi from the Gangnahar Muradnagar regulator but were prevented from doing so by the police.
“They (supporters) had given a call to cut water supply to Delhi and for that 10,000 supporters of BKU and RLD had assembled at the regulator at Muradnagar. It was a volatile situation because the crowd had come out with stones and bottles,” Alok Sharma, IG, Meerut said.
Around 15 people, including seven-eight constables were injured during the clash.
“It was a huge call from Western UP and people had assembled from the Saharnpur, Moradabad, Agra, and Meerut range. At least eight constables and ten protesters have been injured in the incident,” he said.
Lathicharge, along with tear gas and rubber bullets was used by the police to disperse the protesters, the IG added.
Deputy Superintendent of Police, D K Mittal said that security has been tightened around the checkpost on Delhi-Dehradun National Highway as a precautionary measure.
Cracking the whip, the government had last week disconnected power and water supplies to the official accommodations in Delhi of former union ministers and ex-MPs including Ajit Singh, Jitendra Singh, and Mohd Azharuddin who refused to vacate their premises.
The party supporters have called for restoring the supplies of the house of Ajit Singh and asked for the house to be converted into a memorial in the name of his father Chaudhary Charan Singh.
Meanwhile, Ajit Singh today said that the appeal for a memorial is a popular sentiment among farmers who keep visiting him at the Delhi residence and are attached to this house.
He also said that the supporters are angry with the “kind of treatment” meted out to him.
“From the past 36 years, and from the time I am staying here, many farmers who associate themselves with the name of Chaudhary sahab (Chaudhary Charan Singh) keep coming here. So, there is an emotion attached and people want a memorial to be built in his memory. I believe the government should think over this respecting the emotions of the people,” the RLD president said.
“The people are angry with the kind of treatment that I have got. I know that I am not entitled to stay in this house. I am not an MP now. I had informed that I am going to shift by 24-25 September. Still the electricity was disconnected and that’s why people are angry,” he added.

After Modi-Xi meeting  China agrees to settle border dispute soon  demarcate LACComments
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday committed to resolve the border dispute with India at an early date to improve peace and cooperation between both countries.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said after summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"We also have the sincerity to work with India to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas before we are finally able to settle the boundary question,"he said.
Since the border is not demarcated there will be certain incidents, Xi said, adding that both sides are capable of effectively managing the situation  through border-related mechanisms so that they do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
Modi in his one-on-one meeting with the visiting Chinese president said India was "seriously concerned" about the repeated incursions along the border.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese president.
The latest incident India was referring to was the  fresh incursion by the Chinese army in Chumar area, even as talks were on between both the leaders.
Watch: Xi gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
As many as 1000 soldiers of  the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA)  reportedly encroached 500 metres into the Chumar area. The stand-off in Demchok in Ladakh where Chinese nomads, Rebos, had pitched their tents is also continuing.
India also expressed concern over China's policy of issuing stapled visas to Indian citizens from Arunachal and at the dispute over trans-border rivers.
President Xi also said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) - a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
 
China promises $20 billion investment
Xi promised to invest $20 billion in infrastructure and manufacturing projects in India over the next 5 years. 12 agreements were signed in the meeting between both leaders including on projects to set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and speeding up the existing rail network in the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore sector.
China also agreed to give Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - greater access to Chinese markets. This will help India reduce the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Both sides pledged to improve people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The year 2015 will be celebrated as a 'Visit India' year in China and 2016 will be celebrated as 'Visit China' year in India.
.
 
Earlier while talking to newspersons after a ceremonial welcome at the Rashtrapati Bhawan President Xi Jinping urged both countries to pursue developmental goals together."For both our countries development is top priority. We share the same developmental goals, same developmental philosphies," he said. 
Delhi: Chinese President Xi Jinping presented with a model of 'charkha'/ spinning wheel at Rajghat pic.twitter.com/IwYHlSPiIL
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 18, 2014
"We are the two largest developing economies, and two biggest markets. In an increasingly multipolar world our strategic and economic ties are important. Together we can bring prosperity to 2.5 billion people of Asia and opportunities to rest of the world,"he added.
President Xi  spoke to reporters after  a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhawan . Later the Chinese president along with his wife Peng Liyuan, paid tributes at the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat.
(With inputs from Jayanth Jacob in Delhi and agencies)

Rite Aid  Pier 1 slide; futures rise on Fed supportWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Sebi bourses may shift 12 cos to normal trading segmentBourses may shift 12 companies to normal trading segment, says Sebi
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
Market regulator Sebi on Thursday said stock exchanges may consider transferring securities of as many as 12 firms, including Denim Developers and Dalmia Industrial Development, to normal trading category from the restricted segment.
The other firms which could be shifted are Salem Erode Investments, Tinnevelly Tuticorin Investments, Positive Electronics, Vegetable Products, Virat Leasing, Kaushal Investments, Crescent Leasing, Fraser and Company, Synergy Bizcon and Durgesh Merchants.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said these firms are eligible for shifting from the 'Trade for Trade Settlement (TFTS)' to a 'Normal Rolling Settlement' as they have established connectivity with both depositories - NSDL and CDSL.
The 'trade for trade' segment is a restricted category, wherein, no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of the consideration amount are mandatory.
In a circular issued on Thursday, Sebi has advised the stock exchanges to report to it the action taken in this regard in the monthly/quarterly development report.
The shifting is subject to the condition that 50 per cent of non-promoter holdings in these companies should be in dematerialised form.
The stock exchanges may consider shifting the trading in these securities to normal Rolling Settlement subject to the following: at least 50 per cent of other than promoter holdings are in dematerialised mode before shifting the trading in the securities of the company from TFTS to normal Rolling Settlement, Sebi said.
For this purpose, the listed companies require to obtain a certificate from its Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) and submit the same to the stock exchange.
In case, an issuer company does not have a separate RTA, it may obtain a certificate in this regard from a practising company Secretary/Chartered Accountant and submit the same to the stock exchange, the regulator added. Besides, Sebi said the securities could be shifted to the normal category if there are no other grounds/reasons for continuation of the trading in TFTS.

British Airways gives 90% discount on Mumbai-London ticketBritish Airways gives 90 per cent discount on Mumbai-London ticket
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:30 IST
Photo: Reuters
British Airways announced a flash one-day sale on Thursday, offering massive discount of up to 90 per cent on return tickets between Mumbai and London to commemorate nine decades of its India operations.
Under the offer, the lowest-priced Mumbai-London return ticket would start at Rs 40,252 for economy travel from October 1-31, this year, the airline said in a statement.
"We, at British Airways, are pleased to introduce this once-in-a-lifetime offer for our customers from Mumbai as part of our 90 years' anniversary celebration in the market," Christopher Fordyce, BA's Regional Commercial Manager (South Asia), told PTI from Mumbai.
To questions, he said this one-day offer was not "just another flash sale" but meant only to commemorate the 90th anniversary.
Asked whether several foreign airlines like Lifthansa, Qatar Airways and Emirates were offering to attract Indian customers due to excess capacity, Fordyce said such offers were a regular feature in the aviation market and not generally driven by excess capacity.
"It is a fight for the market, not too much for additional capacity," he said, adding that this was an offer for "our loyal customers".
The flash sale came weeks after the airline came out with one of the biggest sale offers of up to 50 per cent on flights from India to select destinations in the UK, the USA, Europe, Latin America, Caribbean and London. This earlier offer is valid till September 30.

Convey Assams concern to China over construction of dams on Brahmaputra: Gogoi toModiPrint
Gogoi is concerned about the construction of a series of dams by China that would adversely impact downstream flows. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:04 pm
A day after Chinese president Xi Jinping arrived in India in his first-ever tour of India, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take up the issue of construction of dams on the Brahmaputra river by China with the visiting dignitary.
Gogoi, in a letter to PM Modi, said there have been serious concerns about the construction of a series of dams by China on the Brahmaputra that would adversely impact downstream flows, official sources said.
“It is feared that construction of the dams is likely to trigger fresh concerns on how the flows of the Brahmaputra downstream will be impacted. It would be most appropriate to convey India’s concerns to the visiting Chinese President,” Gogoi, in his letter to the prime minister said. The Assam government has been all along raising the issue at the highest level, he added.
The 2880-km Brahmaputra originates in Tibet, flows about 1650 kms in China, 918 kms in India and 337 kms in Bangladesh before emptying itself into the Bay of Bengal. While China’s 510-mw Zangmu dam on the Tsangpo – as the Brahmaputra is known in that country – is scheduled to be commissioned in 2015, there have been fears that the river’s water would get diverted, leaving little for India.
Chief minister Gogoi also told the prime minister that he hoped that the Chinese President’s visit would help deepen trade ties and boost Chinese investment in India, particularly in Assam and other Northeast states.
“As the visiting Chinese President is expected to pledge billions of dollars in investment, including plans for Chinese-funded industrial parks, we hope to get a fair share of it in infrastructure and other sectors in Assam,” Gogoi said.

No role in Prashant Bhushans land confiscation  says VirbhadraSinghCM said the govt will enforce law relating to ban sale of tea estates strictly as it falls under the provisions of HP Land Ceiling Act.
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:49 pm
Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh on Thursday said he had no role in confiscation order of a land in Kangra belonging to Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan, saying it has no connection with the PIL filed by Bhushan against him few months ago.
“I am sorry to say that a person like Prashant Bhushan, who enjoys a high status in the society, behaves in a manner uncalled for to issue statements, which are baseless”, said the Chief Minister here. He added that the order of the District Collector’s court was incidental and has no connection whatsoever with the PIL.
Virbhadra Singh said the notice to Bhushan’s society – Kumud Bhushan Education Society – was issued by Deputy Commissioner of Kangra during the BJP regime in 2012. Since then the proceedings in the court were going on as Bhushan had not used the land for the specified purpose it was granted by the state government.
“The Deputy Commissioner has taken a long time to decide the case and he apparently had followed a due process of law to conduct a thorough probe before vesting the land to the government. There have been illegalities committed. In fact all such land deals were being probed by the government where the promoters have failed to utilise the land for the specified purposes”, he said.
Earlier, the state Vigilance and Anti-corruption body had recommended confiscation of the land . In its report, the body had concluded that the society had committed serious violations of the terms and conditions of the rule for utilisation of the land to set-up an educational institution. “No school or college existed at the land having affiliation to the University or State Board of School education. Only an educational institution – Sambhawana – existed,” the report had said.
In reply to a question about scores of tea gardens having been sold at Palampur, the Chief Minister said the government will enforce law relating to ban sale of tea estates strictly as it falls under the provisions of HP Land Ceiling Act.
“The government does not intent to allow sale or transfer of tea gardens except if the property is transferred or partitioned within a family. We will frame stringent law and will enforce them strictly into sale and purchase of tea gardens and the previous violations if any would be looked into,” he added.
On being questioned about the proposed visit of a Pakistani team for inspection of the 120 MW Miar hydel project, the Chief Minister said, “State government welcomes the Pakistani delegations. As per the 1960 Indus Water Treaty both the countries can visit the sites of works of development. If any project continued…

SC dismisses TN plea against illegal mining probeNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 17:58 IST
SC dismisses TN plea against illegal mining probe
PTI
The Hindu File picture shows huge block of granite stockyard down the hill of Panchapandavar at Keezhavalavu near Melur in Madurai district. Photo: S. James
TOPICS
justice and rights
The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed the petition filed by the Tamil Nadu government challenging the order of the Madras High Court appointing an IAS officer to inspect and verify steps taken to stop illegal mining.
A bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha said that “facts are eloquent enough” that there have been “rampant illegal mining” for which U Sagayam, Vice-Chairman, Science City, as a Special Officer/Legal Commissioner has been appointed to inspect various types of mining activities in the state and submit a report to the court within two months.
“Let him go and inquire. This is only to assist you (state government) and ensure that illegal mining does not go on. Facts are eloquent as you yourself say there are 90 FIRs and 77 leases have been quashed. It means rampant illegal mining,” the bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and R F Nariman observed when Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi mentioned the appeal filed by the Jayalalithaa government.
The State Government had filed an appeal against the High Court’s September 11 order passed on a public interest litigation on illegal quarrying of mines, including illegally mined sand from riverbeds and granite quarries.
In the petition, K R Ramaswamy alias Traffic Ramaswamy had alleged in the High Court that there was illegal quarrying of mines (of various kinds) in the state.

Schablona India: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 05.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Schablona India: Updates on outcome of AGM
Schablona India has submitted a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 16, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Schablona India: Updates on outcome of AGM
Schablona India has submitted a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 16, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Schablona India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 16, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Personal mastery- Examining your mental modelsPersonal mastery- Examining your mental models
Santhosh Babu        Last Updated: September 10, 2014  | 12:12 IST
Joshua Bell, one of the finest classical musicians in the world, stood during the morning rush hours at a metro station in Washington DC, playing some of the most elegant music ever written on one of the most valuable violins ever made. He placed the open case of his violin at his feet, with few dollars already in it, like any other street musician would do, and waited for the passengers to recognise his talent. Around thousand people passed in front of him and how much money do you think he collected?
Three days before he appeared at the Metro station, Bell had filled the house at Boston's stately Symphony Hall, and each seat went for 100 dollars! He collected a total of $32. When he finished playing and silence took over, no one noticed it. No one applauded and no one recognised. No one knew the violinist was Joshua Bell, and he is playing one of the most intricate pieces ever written with a violin worth 3.5 million dollars. No one expected Joshua Bell to be performing in a metro like a street musician to earn money. They did not believe that the man performing in the station is someone very popular. We all behave in congruence with our beliefs.
In the last article I mentioned about deep listening as a tool for personal mastery and now let's examine our mental models, assumptions and believes. Consider the keyboard of your computer. Why are the alphabets in that order? Usually when I ask this question to an audience, I get the answer that the arrangement of alphabets in QWERTY is to increase typing speed. That is what my teacher also told me when I went to learn typing in the summer vacation after my class ten examination. The computer keyboard is directly derived from the old typewriter keyboard. As the original typewriters were slower and the keys would get jammed if you typed faster, the keys were arranged to slow the typist down. Hence the common letters, a, s and e are used by the third and fourth finger of the left hand. As millions of people believed that the current arrangements of alphabets increased typing speed and trained themselves in using it, changing this belief and habit became a challenge.
Mental models are powerful because they create the lens through which we see the world. And we all know that the lens we use shapes how we interpret the world. Our mental models actively influence the way we see; the way we see determines our attitudes and behavior; the way we behave creates the results we get. So to be most effective in achieving the results we want, we must therefore examine our mental models, the lens through which we see the world, as well as at the world we see.
Our mental models are our attitudes, beliefs, opinions, what we hold as truth, perceptions, assumptions, understandings, points of view or our frames of reference. When I came to Delhi, in 1994, what helped me to get a rented house was my South Indian identity. Most of the advertisements that I saw had mentioned that they preferred South Indian's as tenants. Months after shifting into the Noida house, I asked the owner of the house why he preferred South Indians as his tenants and he said he believed that we will not create much trouble to him. So his mental model and belief was influencing his decisions in this case. Though he possibly changed that belief soon as my roommates and I during our bachelor times gave him enough sleepless nights as late night parties and loud music made the apartment notorious. The house owner with his family was staying upstairs in the two-storey house.
Mental models can be simple generalisations, such as "people are untrustworthy," or they can be complex theories. I knew a retired naval officer who told me that people always cheat him and he does not know how to operate in the civilian world. Each time I met him I asked him if anyone cheated him in the recent past and he always had stories about the electrician fitting sub standard gadgets to the white wash guy disappearing with advance money. It is interesting to note how mental models shape how we act. If we believe people are untrustworthy, we act differently from the way we would if we believed they were trustworthy. What Henry Ford said is very powerful.  "Whether you believe you can, or believe you can't, you're right".
When I first went to IIT Delhi's tech fest to demonstrate hypnosis in 1994, a bunch of students in the first row did not look up to me as they believed that looking straight into a hypnotist's eyes will immediately put them into a trance. I called around 30 students on stage and hypnotised them and explained how we behave based on our beliefs. Someone who is under hypnosis if told he is completely naked would run to hide himself. While our conscious mind can process only limited amount of data at a given time, the sub conscious mind record all our thoughts, emotions and experiences. If your conscious mind allows information to pass into your sub conscious mind, it believes that information as true. That is why you cry when you watch a movie. Whereas, your conscious mind only allows information to go inside and accept the information only if the information fits in with your mental models and beliefs.
The problem is not really whether mental models are right or wrong, because by definition, all models are simplifications. Remember the map is not the territory and the menu is not the food.  Mental Models and beliefs are created by your conscious mind based on your thoughts and experiences. The danger of our mental models is that we never question them; and sometimes we are even unaware that we have them. Because we remain unaware of our mental models, our models remain unexamined, and because they are unexamined, the models remain unchanged. So the question is not whether the mental models are right or wrong, the question is whether they, and the actions they generate, are effective in getting the results we want.
My invitation to you is to observe, pay attention and examine your mental models. Be aware of your beliefs and how they are influenced by your past experiences and the meaning you gave to those experiences. We cannot change our behavior effectively without changing the beliefs and assumptions supporting that behavior. So according to you what is a metaphor for life? If you say life is like a game of chess, that mental model is going to influence your life. While on Facebook you might write that you are feeling blessed and life is a celebration, what do you really think life is? Happy observing and examining your beliefs and if you think your current mental model about a specific situation is limiting you, you have the power to change it.
(Santhosh Babu, a celebrity coach and speaker on leadership, facilitates organisational transformation. Buddha in the Boardroom is his weekly online column for Business Today. Bookmark businesstoday.in/buddhaintheboardroom and follow @BT_India and @hypnobaba to be alerted of Babu's columns.)

Bankers strive to make Jan Dhan Yojana a hitStory
Whose Dhan is it anyway?
Bankers sweat it out to connect with the poor and make Prime Minister Narendra Modi's financial inclusion scheme a hit.
E. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma Delhi   Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Manjula Magan Goswami, 50, a resident of Dharavi, one of Asias largest slums, has just opened a bank account for the first time in her life. Goswami, a cook, is still not sure why she needs an account and what the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana can do for her.
"Everybody told me to open this account and I did it. It was not difficult. People tell me I can save money in this account," she says, not quite aware that the State Bank of India (SBI) account she has opened comes with benefits like an insurance cover and a debit card facility.
Goswami is not alone in figuring out this newly thrust financial freedom on the poor. Since the launch of the scheme by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28, SBI has opened more than 20 lakh accounts. Nationally, across banks, a total of more than two crore new accounts were opened within two days of the scheme's launch .
Even before 2006 when the term financial inclusion started figuring in the lexicon of bankers, opening accounts for the financially excluded was not new to banks. But now financial inclusion has acquired a new urgency with the Modi touch. Bankers are not sparing any effort to open accounts. What also stands out this time is the design of the product that is being positioned as a win-win for all.
However, at the moment, it is the banks that are really bearing the brunt of the cost of this scheme, if one ignores the government spending on advertisement to boost its image. Consider this: Most banks have to spend a minimum of Rs 100-150 per account - think of movement of documents, commission/fee paid to business correspondents at remote locations, cost of RuPay card, setting up of camps across the country. All of this to acquire a deposit of Rs 95, say in the case of an SBI account, which collected Rs 19 crore in deposits from the 20 lakh accounts it opened.
The average deposit per account would be above Rs 400 if one goes by figures stated by finance ministry officials that more than Rs 1,000 crore was collected in deposits in 2.3 crore accounts even though bulk of these accounts would have zero deposits.
2 crore
The number of accounts opened within two days of the scheme's launch.
That is not all. There is the annual maintenance cost. Typically, it works out to around Rs 100 per account a year and this is so even if the accounts are not in operation. So, in a sense, many banks start with a loss. More importantly, low-deposit savings accounts cost a lot more to service.
Most banks in India require a minimum deposit of Rs 5,000 for a savings account. Some bankers in private concede that if this programme is to be viable then all direct transfers by the government would have to be routed through these accounts. What is more, there should be a minimum average balance of Rs 1,000 per account to enable banks to make a Rs 50 to Rs 60 profit per annum.
This is again without any transactions happening in the account. If theoretically four operations, as is expected under this programme, are made at an ATM in a bank, then each costs roughly Rs 10. This adds up to Rs 40 per month and a total of Rs 480 will be the cost of servicing these accounts every year.
Bankers are aware of these numbers, but the effort is to keep the momentum going. "We organised around 11,500 camps at various places across the country and opened three times the number of accounts we add normally in a day.
For the first time, here is a deposit product being attached to insurance and going forward having a pension scheme and small loans scheme attached to it," says B. Sriram, Managing Director, SBI.
He and many others see it as a win-win for all and with good reasons: banks get low-cost deposits, banks can also cross-sell other products and services, while insurance companies get access to new account holders.
But in all of these, time is the biggest constraint: Modi's goal of achieving this level of financial inclusion - some seven crore households - by January 26 next year is in, some sense, compressing a five-year exercise into less than six months.
Most banks have been pooling all their resources and manpower, and this is evident in the large number of new accounts going live nationally.
Take Andhra Bank, for instance. The lender straddles Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, regions that were once the hub of microfinance activity. Andhra Bank Chairman and Managing Director C.V.R. Rajendran said the bank set things in motion 48 hours before the launch of the programme.
"On August 26, we first had a video conference with all our 33 zonal managers and set a target to add 3,50,000 new accounts by August 28 and we followed this up by setting up over 2,000 account opening camps across the country and ended up opening over five lakh accounts." He says that opening of accounts under financial inclusion has been happening earlier too but the focus now, in a short time, is intense.
So, what does all this mean for the poor and financial intermediaries such as banks and microfinance institutions (MFIs)?
"Much depends on how banks take this forward. If they do not look at this as a one off-activity and use this as an opportunity to connect with the poor and eventually start offering loans, then the client base of the microfinance institutions could get impacted overtime and the microfinance institutions could see direct competition from banks," says Vijayalakshmi Das, a microfinance expert and CEO of Friends of Women's World Banking.
G. Padmaja Reddy, Founder and Managing Director of microfinance firm Spandana Sphoorty Financial, feels the banking infrastructure needs to gear up with better branch network before MFIs in remote locations use these accounts to disburse loans instead of handling cash as they do today.
Modi's goal of covering seven crore households by January is like compressing a five-year exercise into six months
"Banks need to have adequate manpower to service this sudden rise in number of account holders," she says.
A new account will hardly lead to financial inclusion if it becomes dormant. Even in case of the accident insurance that is being offered, officials at the National Payment Corporation of India told Business Today that at the time of the accident the account must be active for an account holder to make a claim.
In other words, there should be at least one transaction in 45 days prior to the accident. There is hope, however, that with every account holder getting a RuPay debit card with a Rs 1.3 lakh accident and life cover, there will be active users.
There is also talk of an overdraft facility for each account holder. As Andhra Bank's Rajendran points out, loans will be offered only after banks monitor the track record of the account holder over the next few months.
Plus, there is a promise from Modi that "as we go along, they will be covered by insurance and pension products". Here lies the opportunity for lakhs of new account holders like Goswami in Dharavi and elsewhere across the country to join the banking mainstream. Never mind if the financial community - bankers, insurers et al, along with the tax payers enjoying smooth services so far - sweats it out a bit more than usual.

Hawkish Yellen is what the equity mkt needsHawkish Yellen is what the Indian equity market needs
Vatsal Srivastava        Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 17:38 IST
Federal  Reserve chairperson Janet  Yellen.
On equity strategy, Currency Corner has maintained that we have reached a point where the risk-off move of the previous years (a slightly upbeat hawkish Fed leading to a fall in stock prices) is now working in just the opposite manner.
As of today, the market will only rally further if Fed chief Janet Yellen talks about the first rate hike after the commencement of QE in October. Any talk about the weak labour market recovery and lack of clarity about the time gap between the first rate hike and the end of the QE taper (this was 6 months earlier) would just imply a lack of a clear exit strategy.
This is an event-driven week as the ECB TLTROs (European Central Bank Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations) and the Scottish referendum will drive global market sentiment. However, the FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) meet and its impact on the US Dollar Index and G-8 as well as EM (emerging market) currencies will be the event market participants will be looking at to position themselves for the medium term.
What's clear is that the US Fed will stick to its preset path of tapering down its QE program by a further $10 billion, which implies a complete exit by October. So, this is a fully priced-in event. The language used by Yellen is the key.
According to Citi, at least 40 percent of their clients polled expected that the language will shift from keeping Fed funds near zero for a "considerable time" to more data dependent policy guidance. We believe that this point is key as the market is clearly looking for some clarity on the time gap between the QE exit and the first rate hike.
If we go back a couple of weeks and recall the statement made my Yellen at Jackson Hole, we can see why any talk of data dependent rate hikes would be bullish for US 10 year yields, US Dollar Index and also the S&P 500 in the medium term.
"If progress in the labour market continues to be more rapid than anticipated by the Committee or if inflation moves up more rapidly than anticipated, resulting in faster convergence toward our dual objectives, then increases in the federal funds rate target could come sooner than the Committee currently expects and could be more rapid thereafter".
It is also worth watching how Yellen describes the state of the labour market. The FOMC may drop the language indicating "significant under-utilization of labor resources", but investors will likely see that as secondary according to Citi. For a detailed understanding of the US labour force participation rate, one can read the following paper: http://www.federalreserve.gov/pubs/feds/2014/201464/201464abs.html
What we know from experience is that one really doesn't need to position himself going into FOMC for a short-term trade. We can simply trade off the FOMC minutes and the Fed chair's press conference pointers. We are going into the FOMC with a short bias towards the US dollar and the S&P 500 (which also seem technically a bit overbought at this point) and believe that even though there might be a change in the Fed "dots" and forward guidance, Yellen will try her best to sound dovish at the press conference.
A hawkish US Federal Reserve might lead to a short-term correction in global equities as the markets price in higher rates. But this will be a great buying opportunity as one will not buy into an era of asset prices inflated by cheap liquidity but rather into strong economic fundamentals.
(Vatsal Srivastava is consulting editor for currencies and commodities with IANS. The views expressed are personal.)

Not another brick in the wallUpdated: September 17, 2014 18:41 IST
Not another brick in the wall
Athira M.
Tweet
The Hindu A view of the main block of CDS Photo: Jayesh S. Pillai
The Hindu Jali wall patterns at CDS create a delightful play of light and shadow Photo: Jayesh S. Pillai
The Hindu Jali wall patterns at CDS create a delightful play of light and shadow Photo: Jayesh S. Pillai
The Hindu Jayesh S. Pillai.
TOPICS
authors and poets
The book Masterpiece of a Master Architect: CDS unveils how Centre for Development Studies showcases the architectural concepts of Laurie Baker
The picturesque nine-acre campus of Centre for Development Studies (CDS) in the capital city is a masterpiece of Laurie Baker. It beautifully complements the architectural concepts of Laurie Baker, who devoted his life to design cost-effective and environment-friendly buildings. Paying homage to this critically-acclaimed work of Laurie Baker is the book Masterpiece of a Master Architect: CDS. Through sketches and photographs the book captures the magnificence and simplicity of this structure. Designed and edited by architect, visual designer and filmmaker Jayesh S. Pillai, the book is the first documentation of a work by Baker. In an interview with MetroPlus, Jayesh talks about working on the project.
Coming on board the project
Though a draft of the book was presented in 2004 to Laurie Baker, on his 87th birthday, it was not carried forward. It was then titled ‘CDS: The Vision of a New Architecture’. But he suggested that his effort was never ‘new’, but an extension of the vernacular techniques deep-rooted in the architectural practices in Kerala.
Baker passed away in 2007. In mid-2008 I came to Thiruvananthapuram after completing my masters from IIT Kanpur. I came to know that the Centre of Science and Technology for Rural Development (COSTFORD)was looking for someone to take over this particular documentation. My friends suggested my name to P.B. Sajan, joint director of the centre. Thus I started working on it in February 2009 and finished it in seven months.
The process
Though the draft was well thought about, a lot had to be crosschecked, updated and added, especially because the campus was still evolving with the addition of new buildings. We had to digitise the original drawings as most of the early ones were made on paper.
Also, we had to match them in quality with the digitally-prepared ones. I had full access to the campus for documentation work and to photograph the campus and its structures at different times of the day in which I was helped by Aravind Ramachandran and Avirat Inamdar.
There are a whole lot of others who helped with the drawings, editing the text and giving necessary inputs. It took five years for the book to get published though.
A whole lot of people had helped me in the project, including my wife, Rutu Panchal, R.D. Padmakumar, Shailaja Nair, Prahlad Gopakumar and Shyamkumar Puravankara who edited the texts and Tilak Baker, Baker’s son.
What are your favourite aspects about CDS?
The campus brings together brick structures following the contours of the terrain, stairs winding around trees, circular and organic-shaped courtyards and roof terraces, a network of creative walkways, an exceptional seven-storied library tower and numerous interesting architectural structures.
The spaces are well designed with great concern for the natural landscape that Baker seamlessly blended with the structures that came up on the campus as the institute grew. And the jali wall patterns don’t just create a delightful play of light and shadow, they also provide well-ventilated spaces within the buildings.
Why is it considered one of the landmark structures of Baker?
It was perhaps the perfect chance for him to display his ideas and philosophy to a larger community. The campus not just demonstrates Baker’s love for nature-friendly and cost-effective architecture, but also illustrates his artistic genius. The campus stands testament to sustainable approach in architectural practices, still inspiring architects and students around the globe.
However, why hasn’t Baker's architecture gained wide acceptance?
He has left behind a legacy with his bold and distinctive attitude towards the style that he developed (or adapted, as he would say). Even though many architects within and outside India try to adopt his philosophy, unfortunately, many still have misconceptions about the ‘Baker Style’, especially in failing to understand that he advocated cost-effective (and energy-efficient) and not simply low-cost architectural practices. As I understand, one of the focal points in his philosophy would be that an architect should not blindly adopt these techniques and practices, but adapt them to the prevailing environmental and social conditions, and their context.
In retrospection
This is the first published work that I have designed entirely. So it was a learning process for me.
I had gone through many of Baker’s drawings, paintings and sketches during the time I spent at COSTFORD. So I was able to incorporate certain visual elements in the book as a homage to him, especially the recurring mango patterns that is noticeable in his works.
The book has been published by COSTFORD and Laurie Baker Centre for Habitat Studies (LBC).
Wordsmith and artist
Jayesh S. Pillai, who hails from the capital city, is an assistant professor in Design Discipline at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Design and Manufacturing, Jabalpur. An alumnus of Sainik School and College of Engineering Trivandrum, he did his masters from IIT Kanpur. He has a doctorate in virtual reality from Arts et Métiers ParisTech, France. Jayesh, a registered architect, is a short filmmaker as well. While his films have been selected for short films festivals in Kerala and outside, the work Beyond was selected to the Cannes Film Festival Short Film Corner 2011.

Government to aid land acquisition for Chinese industrial parks in GujaratUpdated: September 20, 2014 08:19 IST
Government to aid land acquisition for Chinese industrial parks in Gujarat
Rahi Gaikwad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping watch a cultural performance as they walk on the Sabarmati river front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with President of China Xi Jinping watch Gujarati folk dance. Photo: Vivek Bendre
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping witness the signing of three Gujarat-specific agreements in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chines President Xi Jinping wave before their meeting in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Courtesy: DIPR, Gujarat Prime Minister Narendra Modi recieves Chinese President Xi Jinping at Hotel Hyatt in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Mr. Xi's wife, Peng Liyuan, is also seen.
Reuters Chinese President Xi Jinping is the first high-profile foreign dignitary to begin his India visit from Gujarat. File photo
TOPICS
India-China
China will set up industrial parks in several areas in Gujarat
Trade and cooperation were in focus on the first day of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit on Wednesday as provincial officials of the two nations inked agreements in the areas of governance and industry.
The agreements were signed at a function in the presence of Mr. Xi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and dignitaries from China, Gujarat and leading industrialists.
Adani Group chairman Gautam Adani and heads of Gujarat-based businesses were among the special invitees for the occasion.
One MoU was signed between China Development Bank and iNDEXTb (Industrial Extension Bureau) – a State government body for facilitating investments — to encourage Chinese investment in Gujarat, especially in the manufacturing sector. As per the understanding China will set up industrial parks in several areas in Gujarat beginning from Vadodara. The Gujarat government will facilitate land acquisition and provide requisite clearances for these parks so that Chinese manufacturers, chiefly in electrical, electronics, plastics and plastic processing are able to set up their units in Gujarat. The MoU will be in force for three years.
The event also saw the signing of a State-to-State agreement between the governments of Gujarat and Guangdong Province in south China for cooperation in trade, education, culture, urban planning and infrastructure . Another agreement was signed to establish sister city relations between Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong and the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. Both the agreements will be in force for five years.
“We hope the agreements will be a new beginning in the relationship between India and China and Gujarat. In general, Chinese investment in India is not much, but the country is looking to increase its investment starting with Gujarat,” D.J. Pandian, Additional Chief Secretary (Industries & Mines), Gujarat, said.

ALISON BECHDEL: Thrilled graphic novelist breaks yet more ground with MacArthur genius grantComic panels by Alison Bechdel (courtesy of the artist).
 
SITTING IN ITALY, basking in the peaceful and rejuvenating world of an artist’s retreat in Umbria, Alison Bechdel was tempted not to acknowledge the call. “I actually didn’t want to pick up the phone,” Bechdel tells The Post’s Comic Riffs this morning from Italy, of the ring that came three weeks ago from Chicago. “I didn’t want to call back and pay for the long-distance call.
“Although now,” Bechdel jokes, “I think I can afford it.”
That’s because the call was from the MacArthur Foundation, which was tracking down Bechdel in Europe to bestow upon her one of its “genius” grants — an honor that comes with a check for $625,000.
On Wednesday, the foundation announced Bechdel and 20 other leading thinkers as recipients of its 2014 grants. Bechdel — the Eisner-winning creator of the graphic novel “Fun Home” — is believed to be the first woman cartoonist to receive the honor.
“I’m so lucky to get to be at an artist’s retreat” when the call came, Bechdel tells Comic Riffs. “Being here sort of prepared me in a way. If I had been just sitting at home in [Bolton] Vermont and gotten the call from the MacArthur Foundation, I might have just died.” (Upon receiving the news, the grant recipients are virtually sworn to secrecy until announcement day about three weeks later.)
“But being here,” continues Bechdel, speaking from Civitella Ranieri, where she is enjoying a six-week fellowship largely devoted to creating large charcoal drawings, “I built up some stamina and some sense of myself as an artist.”
For Bechdel, her entire whirlwind year seems to be supporting her life and career as an artist. In April, the musical adaptation of “Fun Home” — her best-selling 2006 graphic memoir (subtitled “A Family Tragicomic”) about sexual orientation and fraught family ties — was named a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Drama.
“Of course, I have no critical distance since it’s based on not just my book, but my life,” Bechdel told Comic Riffs in April of the Jeanine Tesori (music)/Lisa Kron (book and lyrics) production that ended a Public Theater run in January, and received nine Lucille Lortel Award nominations. “But I think it’s a freakishly good play. Maybe even a perfect play.” The Pulitzer jury called the production “a poignant musical adaptation.”
Bechdel — who writes of growing up in rural Pennsylvania as a lesbian with a closeted father — is also creator of the long-running comic strip “Dykes to Watch Out For” (1983-2008) and the 2012 graphic novel “Are You My Mother? A Comic Drama.”
Also early this year, Bechdel spoke in Charleston, S.C., and attended two special performances of “Fun Home” — just months after the Public Theater show closed in New York, performers reconvened from across the country — to support the College of Charleston in response to controversial budget cuts, which came because the institution was teaching “Fun Home” to incoming freshmen.
“What a year — it’s been really crazy,” Bechdel tells Comic Riffs. “I’m struggling to keep up with myself, and keep my feet on the ground. The play has been an amazing experience … from this censorship happening in South Carolina, and it was exciting to see the [special] performances.”
ALISON BECHDEL AT WORK. (courtesy of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation)
 
Now, at age 54, Bechdel feels as though she fully, finally perceives of herself as an artist of a certain achievement. “I’m starting to learn to think of myself as the older generation,” Bechdel says. “I just finally got a purchase on things.
“I’m finally figuring out what I’m doing, and sort of feeling like now, I have to start taking a responsibility,” continues Bechdel about her higher-profile role as a comics-maker and an artist so associated with certain themes and ideas — including “the Bechdel test,” a three-step litmus test that gauges gender representation and roles in film.
The 1985 Alison Bechdel comic that spawned “the Bechdel test” for gender representation in film. (courtesy of the artist)
 
Of an artistic path that has surprised her so far, Bechdel speaks figuratively as well as geographically: “Vermont is a long way from Pennsylvania, and Italy is a long way from Vermont.”
And of the MacArthur, Bechdel tells Comic Riffs: “It’s a huge honor to receive this as a cartoonist. I know Ben Katchor has won it” — he was the first graphic novelist to do so, in 2000 — “and I hope I can live up to it.”
On its website, the MacArthur Foundation writes of her gifts as a graphic novelist: “With storytelling that is striking for its conceptual depth and complexity in structure as well as for the deft use of allusion and reference, Bechdel is changing our notions of the contemporary memoir and expanding the expressive potential of the graphic form.”
So now, how might this groundbreaking memoirist spend some of this huge infusion of MacArthur cash — a stipend spread out over five years?
“I might buy a large-format scanner,” Bechdel says with a laugh. “I’ve never spent the money on a larger one, so I’ve always done my drawings to fit on a tiny, legal-size scanner. So this is definitely awesome.”
 
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge  But Hints At Steeper Rate Hike PathYou are here: Home Global Economy
Fed Renews Zero Rate Pledge, But Hints At Steeper Rate Hike Path
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 08:38 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Washington: The Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Many economists and traders had expected the U.S. central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy's performance.
But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends. In a statement after a two-day meeting of its policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month.
The statement was virtually unchanged from July, though new quarterly projections released with it showed the central bank's view on where interest rates should be in future years is diverging from where financial markets have bet they will be.
"While the much analyzed phrase 'considerable time' remained in the FOMC statement, the newly announced scheme for interest rate normalization shows that higher rates are in the cards," said John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher and Philadelphia Fed chief Charles Plosser dissented, arguing the guidance on rates could tie the central bank's hands if it felt it had to move more quickly to tighten monetary policy.
The Fed has held benchmark overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet to $4.4 trillion through a series of large-scale bond purchase programs.
In a further sign the central bank is in no rush to start raising rates, the FOMC repeated its assessment that a "significant" amount of slack remains in the U.S. labor market.
Stocks were little changed after the statement, but the dollar hit its highest level against the Japanese yen since September 2008. Yields on U.S. Treasury bonds rose to session highs as traders moved to price in the possibility of higher future rates.
The most significant change was the new rate projections, which suggested officials were positioning themselves for a potentially faster pace of rate hikes than they had envisioned when the last set of forecasts were released in June.
For the end of next year, the median projection was 1.375 percent, compared to 1.125 percent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 percent from 2.50 percent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 percent - the level officials see as neither stimulative nor restrictive.
By contrast, December 2015 federal funds futures imply an interbank lending rate of 0.745 percent at the end of next year. Contracts for December 2016 point to a rate of 1.85 percent.
Eric Lascelles, chief economist for RBC Global Asset Management in Toronto, called the 2017 projections a "shocker."
"I would have thought it would take a few more years to get all the way up to what they perceive to be a neutral rate," he said.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen played down the shift in a news conference after the statement was released.
"I would say there is relatively little upward movement in the (federal funds rate) path," she told reporters. "I would view it as broadly in line with what one would expect with a very small downward reduction in the path for unemployment and a very slight upward change in the projection for inflation."
EXIT STRATEGY
The Fed also released a new blueprint for how it plans to exit the extraordinary monetary stimulus it put in place to combat the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession.
It said it expects to end or phase out the reinvestment of proceeds from its bond holdings some time after it begins raising rates, depending on the state of the economy.
In addition, it said it would move its target for the overnight federal funds rate by adjusting the amount it pays banks for excess reserves they hold at the central bank. Another tool, so-called overnight reverse repurchase agreements, would play a supporting role.
Prior to this week's policy meeting, several Fed officials said they were uncomfortable with the central bank's rate guidance, given that it was pegged to a calendar reference and not the economy's progress.
Many economists said it would likely get stripped from the statement after the Fed's next meeting in October.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Colgate-Palmolive Gains  UBS Upgrades to BuyColgate-Palmolive (India) gained 1.6 per cent after UBS upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral." UBS raised the target price to Rs 1,950 from Rs 1,800.
UBS says it is "positive about the brand" as urban consumers buy into oral care products.
It adds Colgate-Palmolive "has been ahead of the competition in the last one to two years."
UBS upgrade comes after Credit Suisse raised Colgate-Palmolive to "outperform" from "underperform."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

8K Miles Shares Jump 10% on Fund BuyingYou are here: Home Market
8K Miles Shares Jump 10% on Fund Buying
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 12:09 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Cloud solutions provider 8K Miles Software Services gained 10 per cent to an all-time-high of Rs 390.50. Sundaram BNP Paribas bought 175,000 shares at Rs 331.95 per share via a block deal on Wednesday, according to BSE data. ( Also read )
DSP BlackRock Mutual Fund bought 221,735 shares at Rs 175 rupees a share on August 8. 8K Miles shares have more than doubled since the start of 2014.
8K Miles is small-cap IT company. It lists Amazon, CA Technologies among clients.
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Jet to start full services on JetKonnect in DecemberJet Airways to start full services on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect in December
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:12 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a bid to take on competition from Tata-SIA's Vistara airline which is yet to start operations, Jet Airways on Thursday announced launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December and plans to consolidate into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform 'single brand', with Jet Airways commencing streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into "a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience," the statement said.
"As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December one, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network," it said.
It said the 'Sky Cafe' or Jet's buy-on-board service would be discontinued. Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December one onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India , after joining Star Alliance, has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.

BJP blames Sena for alliance impasseMumbai/New Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 00:37 IST
BJP, Sena refuse to budge
Priyanka Kakodkar
PTI BJP president Amit Shah on Thursday told the Shiv Sena to find a quick resolution to the alliance issue in Maharashtra. File photo
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
Sena offers 119 seats, BJP to reject it
The strain between the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) escalated on Thursday night after the former decided it would offer only 119 seats to the BJP and keep 169 seats for itself.
The offer was made after a meeting between Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and senior party leaders in the evening, highly placed sources told The Hindu. “We will stick to the 2009 formula. Both of us can accommodate allies from our quota,” said a senior Shiv Sena leader.
The BJP has decided to reject the offer and has called a core committee meeting on Friday. “This offer is totally unacceptable. We asked for 135 seats,” said a senior BJP leader.
This means the Shiv Sena is unwilling to budge from the seat-sharing formula of 2009 despite the BJP's spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha elections.
In 2009, the Shiv Sena contested 169 seats and the BJP 119. After the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP proposed an equal share of seats. It suggested that both parties contest 135 seats and leave 18 seats to their smaller allies.
The Shiv Sena rejected the demand and talks between the allies came to a standstill last Sunday.
However, after the BJP’s reverses in the recent bypolls in several States, the Shiv Sena went on the offensive. “This is a fair offer. If the BJP does not want to accept it, it is up to them,” said a senior Shiv Sena leader.
Earlier in the day, BJP president Amit Shah put the onus of breaking the deadlock over seat-sharing on the Sena, and Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut retorted that the party “didn’t care for any ultimatum from the BJP.”
With September 27 being the last date for filing nominations, the BJP has scheduled a meeting of its Central Election Committee for Saturday and Sunday to announce its candidates for the Maharashtra and the Haryana elections. The party has already released its first list of 43 candidates for Haryana.
“The BJP will form the next government in Maharashtra,” Mr. Shah said during the BJP’s poll campaign in Kolhapur district on Thursday, pointedly excluding the Sena. “The BJP has taken two steps forward to resolve the seat-sharing deadlock. We urge the Shiv Sena to do the same and resolve the impasse.”
Whether it is a fallout of the recent by-election results in which the BJP fared poorly or a clash of egos, there has been no communication between the top party leadership for the past four or five days.
The BJP core group met in Delhi and later in Mumbai to decide its strategy for the alliance and a back-up plan to go it alone if it comes to that.
(With additional reporting by Shoumojit Banerjee, Gargi Parsai & Alok Deshpande)

Crisil launches first inflation-linked govt securities indexCrisil launches first inflation-linked government securities index
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:45 IST
Photo: www.crisil.com
Largest domestic credit rating agency Crisil Research on Thursday launched the country's first inflation indexed government securities index (Crisil IIGS Index), which will track the performance of a portfolio of inflation-linked government securities.
Crisil believes the index will provide market participants an appropriate and easily accessible benchmark to measure and analyse the performance of such securities, the agency said in a statement.
That apart, this total return index seeks to capture returns on inflation-linked securities due to coupon accruals and price change, both adjusted for inflation.
The launch comes as part of Crisil's ongoing effort to develop and maintain representative indices for the debt market. In addition to this index, the agency currently maintains 37 indices across bond, gilts, money market, hybrid and commodity segments, which are used by asset managers for benchmarking their products and portfolios.
Agency president Mukesh Agarwal said: "The launch of the index further endorses the agency's status as a pioneer in debt and hybrid indices in the country. This index is expected to serve both as a benchmark and underlying index for investment products such as index funds.
"Crisil will continue to develop indices that help market participants gauge the performance of different asset classes and make investment decisions in an otherwise shallow debt market," he said.
Currently, there is one such security, the 1.44 per cent inflation indexed government stock 2023 (linked to wholesale price index) issued in June 2013. Such securities provide inflation protection on both principal and coupon (interest) payments.
It may be noted that the agency already provides daily valuation of government securities, including mutual funds for determination of net asset value of funds, to investors.
Senior director for capital markets Sandeep Sabharwal said, "We believe the Crisil IIGS Index will meet the need for an appropriate benchmark index for these funds."
He further noted that since its launch in 2013, the inflation-linked government security has gained some popularity in the mutual funds space. Two inflation-linked funds have already been launched and a few are in the pipeline.

MP Papu Yadav s supporters stage dharna over doctors consultation fees; IMA refuses to bucklePrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:25 pm
The Indian Medical Association (IMA), Bihar refused to buckle under pressure of Madhepura RJD MP Rajesh Ranjan, alias Pappu Yadav, over his demand from doctors of Kosi region to “fix their consultation fees and prescribe medicines”. The RJD MP’s supporters are set to stage Dharna in Saharsa.
The IMA has made its stand clear saying that “Pappu Yadav has no business of enforcing regulations on doctors to take out political mileage”.
Over two dozen Saharsa doctors had met Saharsa DM on Wednesday requesting him to ensure their “safety” and “freedom to practice in a fear-free atmosphere”.
The controversial RJD Madhepura MP Pappu Yadav had “requested” doctors of Kosi region (Saharsa, Supaul, Madhepura, Purnea and Araria) to curtail their fees from existing Rs 200-Rs 500 to Rs 150-Rs 300. The region has over 500 doctors. Yadav said: “I am standing for the poor, who are being fleeced and prescribed medicines which are available at certain medical shops. It is not an order but a request. I have also written to IMA and civil surgeons of some districts”.
IMA, Bihar president Dr Rajiv Ranjan Ranjan Prasad, however, told The Indian Express: “Who is Pappu Yadav to regulate doctors’ fees? Is there no government in Bihar? I know he is an MP. He should rather help formulate an uniform policy to regulate fees in Parliament rather than trying to pick up a soft target in Kosi doctors”.
Dr Prasad, however, said IMA would take call on mandatory registration of doctors under Bihar Nursing Act after Patna High court gives a verdict on related matter. Dr Prasad said the IMA had called a meeting and might take up the matter with central IMA and Bihar government if needed.
Saharsa IMA president Dr UC Mishra added things seemed to go beyond the “demand of curtailing fees”. “Just imagine the plight of doctors when hoards of supporters reach their clinics. We are under a spell of fear. Let there be regulation in Bihar on fees but not in the matter Pappu Yadav wants it”, said Dr Mishra.
Sanjay Soni, a Saharsa resident, said there had been certainly a lobby of doctors and pathologists, who charge more than other districts. “But general public perception is that regulation should come from the state government, not through an MP”, said Soni adding that Pappu Yadav had been trying to get “political mileage and gain further political ground” for 2015 elections.

Jet to launch full services on all-economy JetKonnectSep 18, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jet to launch full services on all-economy JetKonnect
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jet to launch full services on all-economy JetKonnect
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
Post your opinion here
 
In a bid to take on competition from Tata-SIA's Vistara airline which is yet to start operations, Jet Airways  today announced launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December and plans to consolidate into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform 'single brand', with Jet Airways commencing streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into "a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience," the statement said.
"As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December 1, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network," it said.
Also read:  Jet Airlines seeks more time to pay pilots' salary arrears
It said the 'Sky Cafe' or Jet's buy-on-board service would be discontinued. Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December 1 onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India, after joining Star Alliance, has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.
Jet Airways stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jet Airways closed at Rs 261.10, up Rs 2.30, or 0.89 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 328.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 203.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -196.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -1.33.
RELATED NEWS

IIFL Holdings declares 150% interim dividendIIFL Holdings declares 150% interim dividend
Alibaba set to price IPO shares amid investor frenzyAlibaba set to price IPO shares amid investor frenzy
Deepa Seetharaman     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:49 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding is set to sell some $22 billion of shares on Thursday, capping a two-week road show that drew frenzied interest from investors worldwide and may be the world's largest ever initial public offering (IPO).
Alibaba, which handles more transactions than Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc combined, boosted the IPO price range to between $66 and $68 a share due to the strong demand.
At the top end of that range, the IPO would raise almost $22 billion, but if underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, Alibaba's market debut will top Agricultural Bank of China's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
The shares are expected to be priced after the markets close at 4 pm Thursday and start trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday under the ticker "BABA".
Investors, keen to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, have been clamoring to get shares since top executives at Alibaba, including co-founder and executive chairman Jack Ma, kicked off the road show last week.
"We believe that the current pricing range of $66-$68 significantly undervalues the long-term growth potential of the company," CRT Capital analyst Neil Doshi said in a research note that initiated coverage of the stock with a "buy" rating.
In the 15 years since Ma founded the company in his one-bedroom apartment, Alibaba has come to power four-fifths of all online commerce conducted in China, the world's second-largest economy. It has also branched out into areas such as e-payments and financial investment.
Alibaba's complex governance structure and Ma's outside investments have raised questions about potential conflicts of interest and investors' ability to sway Alibaba's strategy.
The company decided to list its shares in New York after Hong Kong stock exchange officials rejected its request to allow a small group of company insiders to nominate the majority of the board. Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, which operates the exchange, has a policy against companies having multiple classes of shares with different voting rights, but is now considering loosening those rules.
The IPO caps a lengthy listing process that saw Alibaba take the rare step of not appointing a single bank to take charge of the IPO process. Instead, it tapped all its major bookrunners for advice, and divided tasks among them.
Alibaba plans to expand its business in the United States and Europe after the deal. But in the United States at least, it is not widely known: an Ipsos poll found that 88 per cent of Americans had not heard of the company.
(Reuters)

SBI Tops Mobile Banking ChartYou are here: Home Corporates
SBI Tops Mobile Banking Chart With 50% Market Share
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 16:09 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: Largest lender State Bank of India has emerged as the leader in mobile banking with 50 per cent market share in this segment.
"SBI, with over 1.15 crore registered mobile banking customers, has become the indisputable market leader in this segment and way ahead of the nearest competitor in the market with 50 per cent market share," the bank said. The bank attributed the numbers to the Reserve Bank data.
Currently, the bank's user base for mobile banking is around 4.5 per cent of total retail customer base.
It expects a rapid growth in the user base reaching around 10-12 per cent of the total retail customer base over the next two years and around 30-35 per cent of the total retail customer base over the next five years.
"The country has just witnessed the launch of message- banking. We are confident that once this is understood by people, there will be an explosion of banking activities in the mobile space. This is what the future of banking holds," SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said, adding mobile banking will also play a large part in the yet-to-be-launched payment banks.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 16:07 (IST)

Serverless  anonymous chat client BitTorrent Bleep now available for Android  MacSep 18, 2014 at 03:55pm IST
Serverless, anonymous chat client BitTorrent Bleep now available for Android, Mac
45
0
New Delhi: BitTorrent is fast expanding its Bleep P2P messaging platform, that it first launched in July this year as an invite-only pre-alpha release for Windows 7 and Windows 8 operating systems.
In the first major update since its launch, Bleep is now publicly available for users to try it out, BitTorrent also introduced Bleep apps for Android and Apple Mac.
As Bleep is still a work in progress there are a number of known issues and bugs that BitTorrent says it is working to fix. Android users may face battery and data usage issues and it is recommended that Bleep is set as 'WiFi Only' unless on an unlimited mobile data plan. Also desktop users of Bleep can move a username to Android but not vice versa.
In the first major update since its launch, Bleep is now publicly available for users to try it out.
#bleep #p2p #insant messaging #bittorrent
Currently, you can make voice calls and send texts to contacts who are online only. Bleep still doesn't allow offline communication.
Along with the upgrade, Bleep has also got its official logo, which is inspired by a folded note. "You write a message, fold it up, and hand it to your friend. It is fast and efficient. There is no middleman. The image of a folded note is designed to be a symbol of speed, privacy, and peace-of-mind in the digital age," Jaehee Lee, senior product manager at BitTorrent, wrote on the official BitTorrent blog.
BitTorrent suggests that Bleep could emerge as preferred a tool for journalists communicating with sources without exposing their identity or their content, members of the diplomatic corps sharing private dispatches and also for personal and business communication.
Download and install Bleep: Android , Windows , Mac
2

Markets welcome Fed decision; Sensex gains 480 pointsHi Guest
Markets welcome Fed decision; Sensex gains 480 points
Markets extended gains for the second consecutive trading session and closed on a spectacular note after the US Federal Reserve decided to keep US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time”. Further, Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to invest $20 billion in India in the next five years. The two sides signed 12 agreements, including a 5-year commerce and trade pact. Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges on Wednesday showed that foreign portfolio ...

Stock futures up after Dow hit recordBy: William Cummings September 18, 2014 3:28 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were higher Thursday, as voters in Scotland head to the polls in an historic referendum on independence from England.
Here is where major market indexes stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated at 6:10 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.32%
S&P 500: + 0.36%
Nasdaq: + 0.34%
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 178.9 points, or 1.13%, to 16,067.57 points and the Shanghai Composite climbed 8.03 points, or 0.35%, to 2,315.93 points, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index lost 207.69 points, or 0.85%, to 24,168.72.
European benchmarks gained with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.50%, Germany’s DAX up 0.96% and France’s CAC-40 up 0.75%.
 

Sensex Soars Nearly 2%  Gains Most in Over Three-MonthsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Soars Nearly 2%, Gains Most in Over 3 Months
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 17:03 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The BSE Sensex and Nifty Indian shares surged nearly 2 per cent on Thursday, posting their biggest daily gain in over three months, on hopes foreign buying would continue as country can better weather any Fed-related volatility due to improving fundamentals.
Traders said a report from a news channel that Standard & Poor's would raise its rating on India had also boosted shares. S&P officials were not immediately reachable for comment.
However, analysts say a full grade upgrade is unlikely given that India is at a "negative" outlook, meaning any move would likely first involve changing this to "stable."
The strong gains on Thursday made India an outlier given most other emerging Asian markets fell after the U.S. Federal Reserve suggested it could raise interest rates faster than expected when it starts increasing, although it renewed its pledge to keep borrowing costs low for a "considerable time."
Traders cited speculation of strong inflows into India, with investors noting the country could better weather any Fed-related volatility due to a recovery in domestic economy and the government's efforts to rein in deficit.
"India outperformed because we are the best stock market story in the world at this point. There is not many who can match our growth, stability and returns at this point," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer at Future Generali India Life Insurance.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.81 per cent, or 480.92 points, to end at 27,112.21, marking its second consecutive day of gains.
The Nifty rose 1.75 per cent, or 139.25 points, to end at 8,114.75, closing above the psychologically important 8,100 level.
Both the indexes marked their biggest daily gain since June 2. That contrasted sharply with the 0.5 per cent fall in MSCI Asia-Pacific ex-Japan.
Foreign portfolio investors have been the key drivers behind indexes that hit their record highs on Sept. 8, having bought a net $14.14 billion in shares so far this year, according to regulatory data.
Blue-chips led the gains. Larsen & Toubro rose 3.6 per cent, while Tata Motors ended 3.6 per cent higher.
Housing Development Finance Corp rose 3.4 per cent and ICICI Bank gained 2.3 per cent.
Zee Entertainment Enterprises surged 5.4 per cent ahead of its inclusion in the NSE index on Friday.
Among other large-cap gainers, Reliance Industries rose 1.6 per cent, while Tata Consultancy Services gained 2 per cent.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries gained 1.6 per cent after Merck & Co Inc said it had licensed its experimental psoriasis drug to the company.
Cloud solutions provider 8K Miles Software Services jumped 10 per cent to an all-time high of Rs 390.50 after Sundaram BNP Paribas bought 175,000 shares via a block deal.
However, among stocks that fell, ABB India ended 0.8 per cent down on profit-taking after rising 6.3 per cent in the previous session.
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Infosys partners Huawei  expands engagement with Microsoft  HDSUpdated: September 18, 2014 18:59 IST
Infosys partners Huawei
Reuters A view of a pyramid-shaped building at the Infosys campus in Bangalore. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Infosys announced on Thursday a global partnership with Huawei to offer enterprise customers big data and communication solutions besides expansion of its existing engagement with Microsoft and Hitachi Data Systems.
Providing details, in separate press releases, Infosys said the IT solutions to be developed with Chinese multi-national ICT firm Huawei would be for enterprise customers looking to modernise operations with cloud infrastructure.
Both the companies will build reference architectures and standardised solutions for big data platforms on Huawei hardware infrastructure.
Setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership will also be considered by the two companies.
Predictive analytics
In another release, Infosys said it would expand its capabilities for analytics and other service offerings on Microsoft technologies. Using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning, a broad range of predictive analytics tools will be offered to enterprises. A global centre of excellence for Microsoft Azure Machine Learning will also be established as part of the partnership, with a capacity to train over 1,000 engineers by the end of fiscal year 2015.
With Hitachi Data Systems, another release from Infosys said, the engagement is to be expanded to take next generation infrastructure and data centre transformation solutions to enterprises. “The new solutions will help improve operational efficiencies and facilitate smooth transition of their IT infrastructure to new cloud-based environments,” the release said.
A centre of excellence will also be set up to co-create pay-per-use solutions with HDS. Many private cloud offerings will be created by the two companies to be “delivered as-a-service related to ERP, CRM, exchange and collaboration, with flexible pricing models”. This will help enterprises reduce capital expenditure on their cloud infrastructure, the release said.

There is increasing evidence that the Islamic State is expanding into Asia PacificMembers of the Iraqi army prepare to fight against militants of the Islamic State.(Reuters//Alaa Al-Marjani)
SHARE
Lily Kuo @lilkuo
September 18, 2014
Australian security forces  raided hundreds of homes in Sydney and Brisbane today on intelligence that militants were planning a public beheading in the name of the Islamic State. It’s the latest sign that the extremist group also known as ISIL, which has taken over large swathes of Iraq and Syria, may be extending its reach into the Asia Pacific too.
Parts of East and Southeast Asia are attractive targets for ISIL recruiters. Over half of Malaysians and Indonesians are Muslim; Indonesia, with over 200 million followers of Islam, is the world’s most populous Muslim country. Extremist groups like Indonesia’s Jemaah Islamiyah (JI), responsible for a bombing that killed over 200 in Bali in 2002 ,and its splinter group Jamaah Ansharut Tauhid, have already been active in the region for years.
Worryingly, Abu Bakar Bashir, the imprisoned head of JI,  pledged allegiance to ISIL last month.
Recruitment appears to be ramping up. Indonesian law enforcement officials told Foreign Policy that ISIL has been recruiting aggressively across the country, holding events in over 50 cities over the past several months, in hopes of raising funds and finding new fighters. At least one ISIL recruiter, an Australian man, has been arrested in the Philippines . As we’ve pointed out , China—home to an increasingly frustrated Uighur Muslim population—has become a potential ISIL breeding ground as well, with four Uighurs detained in Indonesia this week.
Here are the latest numbers:
Malaysia estimates that about 20 of its nationals have gone to Syria to fight for ISIL, and Malaysian authorities have arrested at least 19 people  for suspected links to the group.
Jakarta has said that around 60 Indonesian nationals  may be supporting ISIL.
Australia estimates that up to 160 Australians may be fighting for ISIL in the Middle East.
China believes that there may be around 100 Chinese nationals supporting the group.
The number of ISIL sympathizers in the region aren’t huge, but they still pose a danger. “The longer term threat will come from the linkages that these fighters establish with disparate groups,” Rodger Shanahan, a Middle East expert at the Australian National University, told Al Jazeera . “In the future, we may see the existence of another global jihadist network of people who made connections in Syria and Iraq.”
Share this:

Mizoram Home Minister writes to MP counterpart in missionaries arrestcasePrint
Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:10 pm
Mizoram Home Minister R Lalzirliana has written to his Madhya Pradesh counterpart Babulal Gaur asking the latter to personally intervene for the five Christian missionaries from Mizoram who were released on bail Tuesday evening after being kept in judicial custody at Khargone for four days and nights for allegedly offering money to Hindus to convert.
In his letter, R Lalzirliana asked the five men be “acquitted and released” as they still face cases against them and that “appropriate corrective action” be served against “the person who lodged the false report for justice’s sake”.
“I have been informed that these missionaries were arrested subsequent to an FIR, lodged by one local resident, accusing [them] of practicing proselytism by offering a sum of Rs 1 lakh to Hindus in an attempt to convert them to Christianity,” the Mizoram Home Minister wrote.
“I was shocked with disbelief on hearing the allegation as I would confidently vouch that the complaints are false and baseless. Christians…are never taught to resort to using any form of material or financial incentives in their mission works and I assure you that missionaries would not use such form of enticement or allure even in the future,” he added.
The five men and the families of two of them have been moved from Sanawad, near where they were arrested, to a Christian compound at Kanapur.

Mizoram HM writes to MP counterpart in missionaries  arrest casePrint
Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:10 pm
Mizoram Home Minister R Lalzirliana has written to his Madhya Pradesh counterpart Babulal Gaur asking the latter to personally intervene for the five Christian missionaries from Mizoram who were released on bail Tuesday evening after being kept in judicial custody at Khargone for four days and nights for allegedly offering money to Hindus to convert.
In his letter, R Lalzirliana asked the five men be “acquitted and released” as they still face cases against them and that “appropriate corrective action” be served against “the person who lodged the false report for justice’s sake”.
“I have been informed that these missionaries were arrested subsequent to an FIR, lodged by one local resident, accusing [them] of practicing proselytism by offering a sum of Rs 1 lakh to Hindus in an attempt to convert them to Christianity,” the Mizoram Home Minister wrote.
“I was shocked with disbelief on hearing the allegation as I would confidently vouch that the complaints are false and baseless. Christians…are never taught to resort to using any form of material or financial incentives in their mission works and I assure you that missionaries would not use such form of enticement or allure even in the future,” he added.
The five men and the families of two of them have been moved from Sanawad, near where they were arrested, to a Christian compound at Kanapur.

SC refuses to stay possible gas price hikeLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SC refuses to stay possible gas price hike
The apex court observed that the government needs to clarify the implementation of the Rangarajan Panel's recommendations.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The Supreme Court today refused to stay a possible gas price hike. The apex court observed that the government needs to clarify the implementation of the Rangarajan Panel's recommendations. The Centre is expected to take a decision by the end of this month.
It was a significant day as the newly constituted bench took up the gas pricing matter for the first time since it was constituted. Petitioners were making repeated contentions arguing that an increase of even a single dollar in terms of gas pricing will result in the government subsidy bill getting inflated by over Rs 10,000 crore. On that note, the petitioners had sought a stay on the government from going ahead in terms of revising the gas prices northwards. However, this was something that was not favourably considered by the apex court.
The Supreme Court observed that the petitioners need to have greater faith in a democratically elected government and it is premature to start pointing fingers at the newly formed government and on that note the Supreme Court refusing to grant a stay on the government going ahead and possibly revising the gas prices. So, on that front the government road is clear. However, the Supreme Court also clarified that it is important for the government to clarify with respect to the gas pricing mechanism that it intends to follow. This was in fact also one contention that was put forth by  Reliance Industries a key stake holder in this matter also arguing for greater clarity in terms of the government's stance.
With respect to the stance of the government this is one aspect on which the government took a very measured stance at this stage. The government has submitted that it will clarify, it will take a decision on the gas pricing mechanism only by the end of this month, that is after considering the report that has been submitted by the committee of secretaries.
The government had constituted a CoS or a Committee of Secretaries putting the Rangarajan Committee recommendations on hold. It is only after considering the report that has been filed by CoS that the government will take a definitive stance with respect to gas pricing. So, clearly a decision that all stakeholders will be watching very carefully. The Supreme Court in fact will take up fresh arguments on November 14 that is when this petition comes up for further hearing.
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group.
RELATED NEWS

Ponzi schemes: Lawmakers quiz regulators  ministry officials4
0
New Delhi: Lawmakers on Thursday quizzed officials of RBI, SEBI and the government about the steps being taken to avoid recurrence of fraudulent money-pooling activities like Saradha scam.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance's meeting comes against the backdrop of CBI probing the Saradha scam in which thousands of crores or rupees of gullible investors were allegedly swindled.
Headed by senior Congress leader and former Union Minister Veerappa Moily, the panel deliberated on efficacy of regulation of collective investment schemes and chit funds, among others.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance's meeting comes against the backdrop of CBI probing the Saradha scam in which thousands of crores or rupees of gullible investors were allegedly swindled.
#cbi #saradha scam #rbi #sebi
The committee, whose members include former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, held discussions for more than two hours. It will meet again on September 25, said sources.
Officials from Finance and Corporate Affairs ministries, as well as from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) made presentations before the members.
Sources said that the members asked officials about the reasons for mushrooming fraudulent investment schemes and why they go unchecked. The Saradha scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were allegedly defrauded, came to the light early last year.
The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) has submitted its final investigation report to the government, which may soon start prosecution proceedings for numerous serious violations found during investigations.
SFIO probe was ordered by the Corporate Affairs Ministry in April 2013. Sources further said that some of the members reportedly raised the issue of single regulator for the entire financial sector to ensure better co-ordination.
The members pointed out that despite so many regulators ponzi schemes were still happening in different parts of the country. Earlier, the Standing Committee had issued notices to Finance Ministry, Corporate Affairs Ministry, RBI and SEBI to provide details on chit funds and ponzi schemes. It will also review performance of the regulatory bodies like SEBI, SFIO, CCI and IRDA.
Recently SEBI has been empowered to act against entities running illegal schemes that are worth Rs 100 crore or more. Besides, various regulators as well as state governments have been taking steps to check the ponzi menace.
0

Badal announces Rs 70 lakh for restoration of Lahori  Delhi GateSep 18, 2014 at 05:20pm IST
Badal announces Rs 70 lakh for restoration of Lahori, Delhi Gate
4
0
Chandigarh: Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Thursday sanctioned Rs 70 lakh for the restoration and conservation of the historic 'Lahori Gate' and 'Delhi Gate' of the famous Qila Sultanpur Lodhi in Kapurthala district.
Disclosing this in Chandigarh on Thursday, a spokesperson said Punjab CM had recently deputed a team of cultural affairs led by Secretary, Cultural Affairs, P Raji Srivastva to visit the site for assessing the damage caused to these prestigious monuments due to recent heavy rains.
The team sought Rs 45 lakh for the conservation of crumbling Lahori Gate and Rs 25 lakh for the preservation of Delhi Gate, which too was in dilapidated condition.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Thursday sanctioned Rs 70 lakh for the restoration and conservation of the historic 'Lahori Gate' and 'Delhi Gate' of the famous Qila Sultanpur Lodhi in Kapurthala district.
#prakash singh badal #qila sultanpur lodhi #lahori gate #delhi gate
On the recommendations of the team, the Chief Minister also granted permission to immediately begin the work to support the portion of tilted tower of Lahori Gate through iron scaffolding at a cost of Rs 5 lakh.
Srivastava apprised the Chief Minister that the Detailed Project Report (DPR) of this project has been prepared and the work could be executed soon after tendering the project.
0

Illegal mining: SC dismisses Tamil Nadu government s plea against probe officermore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

NHRC sends notice to Health Ministry over dearth of HIV drugsSep 18, 2014 at 05:44pm IST
NHRC sends notice to Health Ministry over dearth of HIV drugs
6
0
New Delhi: Concerned over the reported shortage of drugs for HIV patients across the country, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has sent a notice to the Union Health Ministry asking for a report on measures taken to tackle the situation.
"The Commission has taken suo motu cognizance of a media report that treatment of HIV patients across India had taken a hit, especially in Delhi and Mumbai due to severe stock-outs of life saving medicines at Government owned centres," said NHRC in a statement.
Treatment and control of HIV, including dispensing drugs and testing, is handled by the government run public health programme through 355 odd centres.
Treatment and control of HIV, including dispensing drugs and testing, is handled by the government run public health programme through 355 odd centres.
#health ministry #nhrc #hiv drugs
Stock-outs have hit centres in Delhi, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka and Manipur the worst, according to the report.
"The contents of the press report, if true, raise a serious issue of violation of human rights of HIV patients," observed the Commission.
The notice has been issued to the Secretary, Health Ministry calling for a factual report within two weeks.
The Commission has directed him to submit a report on the short term and long term measures proposed for preventing shortages of such essential medicines.
According to the media report, Delhi Network of Positive People (DNP+) representing HIV patients, has sought emergency procurement and relocation of stocks to the government owned centres experiencing stock-outs of ARVS, the statement said.
It has also sought strengthening and streamlining drug forecasting, procurement and supply chain mechanism to prevent future shortages.
1

J&K floods: Ministers brave flood water to reach Secretariat5
0
Srinagar: Ministers in Jammu and Kashmir had to wade through water-logged areas to make it to the Civil Secretariat in Srinagar which reopened on Thursday after remaining closed for 11 days due to massive floods in the state.
"We have braved flood water to reach to our offices in Civil Secretariat in Srinagar to meet the deadline for us to be here," Tourism Minister Gulam Ahmed Mir said.
Mir along with Minister of State for Cooperatives, Dr Manohar Lal had to walk and swim through flooded road to enter the Civil Secretariat in Srinagar.
Ministers in Jammu and Kashmir had to wade through water-logged areas to make it to the Civil Secretariat in Srinagar which reopened on Thursday after remaining closed for 11 days due to massive floods in the state.
#jammu and kashmir floods #kashmir floods #srinagar #minister
One of the Ministers, who reached near Civil Secretariat left back in wake of the flooded water. "There was just five per cent of attendance, mostly members of employees union," said an official.
Civil Secretariat, the seat of J and K here, opened today after 11 days but could not become operational as the ground floor of the seven-storey building is still under three feet of water.
Forest Minister Mian Altaf Ahmad was the first to arrive at 11 AM followed by Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather and Tourism Minister Ghulam Ahmad Mir.
However, the ministers could not enter due to the water-logging in the ground floor and instead entered the State Legislative Assembly complex, where water has been drained out, and stayed there.
The state government had announced on Tuesday that the Civil Secretariat will start functioning from September 18 and directed the employees to report for work.
Over 200 people have been killed in the devastating floods in the state.
1

Irish Economy Bounces Back Strongly  up 7.7 PctAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Applications for US Jobless Aid Drop Sharply to 280K  Sign of a Stronger Job MarketAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Bug hits Apples iOS 8 HealthKitappsA bug in iOS 8 is prompting Apple to withhold apps that use a highly touted feature for keeping track of fitness and health data.
Associated Press | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:23 pm
A bug in Apple’s new iOS 8 for mobile devices like iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and iPads is prompting the company to withhold apps that use a highly touted feature for keeping track of fitness and health data.
Apple says it hopes to have HealthKit apps restored to its app store by the end of the month. Affected apps include Carrot Fit, WebMD and AskMD. Apple didn’t provide details on what went wrong.
The iOS 8 software became available Wednesday. HealthKit is supposed to create a central repository for health and fitness data, so that apps have a better picture of your overall wellness and can even recommend trips to the doctor.
Apple’s new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have sensors to monitor fitness activities, and its upcoming Apple Watch will have a heart-rate monitor.

Rupee Ducks Asia Forex Falls to End Higher at 60.83/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ducks Asia Forex Falls to End Higher at 60.83/Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 18:43 (IST)
Mumbai: The rupee gained on Thursday tracking a rally in domestic shares on hopes the country would retain its appeal to foreign investors, despite uncertainty about the outlook for US interest rates that hit other emerging markets.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.83/84 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.92/93 on Wednesday.
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Although emerging Asian currencies were hit, the rupee gained as Indian shares rose nearly 2 per cent on speculation of strong foreign buying due to improving domestic fundamentals.
"The turnaround in the stock market during the course of the day on back of various rumours changed the outlook for the pair," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank in Mumbai.
The rupee's modest gain stood out against the 0.27 to 0.81 per cent fall in the Indonesian rupiah, Korean won, Malaysian ringgit and the Philippine peso.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.10 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.15 billion.
Some traders said a report from a local news channel that Standard & Poor's would raise its rating on India also boosted shares and bonds, even as analysts said a full grade upgrade is unlikely given that India is at a "negative" outlook.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.17/22 while the three-month contract was at 61.76/86.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Police Look for Last Person Seen With Missing Studentpolice look for last person seen with missing student
Wall Street set to open higher  S&P 500 eyes recordWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Dollar-adjusted  Sensex is almost 20% from all time highsDollar-adjusted  Sensex is almost 20% from all time highs
Xi s India visit won t affect China-Pakistan relationsXi s India visit won t affect China-Pakistan relations
How serious is China about investing in IndiaHi Guest
How serious is China about investing in India?
Does anyone really believe that the Chinese are going to invest $100 billion in India,? asks Rahul Jacob.   A couple of years ago, a satire of People magazine’s annual “Sexiest Man Alive” issue was splashed across the website of  China’s leading newspaper, People’s Daily. Any country with a free press would have spotted the story for the hoax it was. The Onion, the irreverent United States publication, had put, of all people, Kim Jong-un, the pudgy North ...

8K Miles Software zooms 10 pc as Sundaram MF picks up stakeHi Guest
8K Miles Software zooms 10 pc as Sundaram MF picks up stake
after Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual Fund bought about 2 per cent stake in the company via bulk deal. The company's scrip zoomed 9.99 per cent to settle at Rs 389.20 -- its 52-week high level at the BSE. On the NSE, it surged 10 per cent to end at Rs ...

Chinese President Xi Jinping has assured us market access: Narendra ModiChinese President Xi Jinping has assured us market access: Narendra Modi
Maruti appoints RS Kalsi as domestic sales headMaruti appoints RS Kalsi as domestic sales head
NBCC  SBI report highest turnover on BSE todayNBCC  SBI report highest turnover on BSE today
Alibaba is not China s AmazonAlibaba is not the Amazon of China
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 16, 2014: 10:45 AM ET
 
Alibaba jumpstarts small fashion brand
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Forget what you've read, Alibaba is NOT "the Amazon of China."
The analogy has been used widely as Alibaba prepares for its IPO. But it is only partially accurate, and masks big differences in business models.
Sure, Alibaba ( BABA ) and Amazon both do business on the Internet. They both enable consumers to buy huge volumes of goods without stepping foot in a store. And both have a stranglehold on their home markets.
But that's pretty much where the similarities end. Unlike Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), Alibaba does not own most of the items sold on its platforms, it does not maintain massive distribution centers, and it has only a fraction of the 132,000 employees on Amazon's books.
"Amazon and eBay are e-commerce companies, and Alibaba is not an e-commerce company," Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma said last year. "Alibaba helps others to do e-commerce. We do not sell things."
The point Ma was trying to drive home is that Alibaba excels at connecting buyers and sellers. Alibaba is not the seller.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
The company's largest digital marketplace -- Taobao -- allows consumers to buy goods directly from small businesses. Tmall, Alibaba's other major shopping marketplace, connects larger brand retailers to consumers.
Alibaba makes money on Taobao by selling advertisements and search placement to retailers (kinda like Google ( GOOG )). The company takes a commission from the larger retailers that operate on Tmall (think eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 )).
The model means that Ma doesn't have to obsess over keeping prices low the way Amazon founder Jeff Bezos does.
The structure also makes Alibaba more of a pure Internet play, a trend reflected in the company's bottom line. Compared to Amazon, Alibaba's revenue is small (but growing faster). And investors are salivating over the company's much higher profit margins.
Investors have also been enticed by Alibaba's success at building what Ma calls an Internet "ecosystem."
The network of services allows consumers to move seamlessly between the company's online retail marketplaces and mobile apps used to process payments, buy movie tickets, call a taxi or invest in a money market fund . Alibaba even has a corporate cousin in the logistics business that handles most of the shipments generated on Tmall and Taobao.
Related: 7 things Alibaba users can do
In the end, Alibaba's biggest strengths may stem from overcoming broader problems in China's retail sector.
Ma has said that e-commerce in the U.S. is about transferring an existing business onto the Internet (think Amazon and books).
"E-commerce in the U.S. is like a dessert. It's just supplementary to your main business," Ma said. "In China, because the infrastructure of commerce is [so] bad, e-commerce becomes the main course."
What will happen when Alibaba and Amazon find themselves fighting for the same consumers? Here they are similar: expect both founders to come out swinging.
"Lying behind the massive allure of the capital market, there is unparalleled ruthlessness and pressure," Ma wrote in a letter to employees earlier this year. "In this market, only a small number of outstanding enterprises can maintain a gallop."
First Published: September 15, 2014: 9:32 PM ET
Most Popular

Legal industry start-up Lateral.ly hopes to replace headhuntersBy Catherine Ho September 17 Follow @WapoCat
Lateral.ly , a start-up co-founded by a former attorney from a major law firm, is looking to upend an ubiquitous player in the legal market: the headhunter.
Headhunters have long been known to cold-call lawyers – particularly those at firms undergoing upheaval — hoping to place them at other firms and get a cut of the attorneys’ salary for their role in brokering the move. The model has been the dominant way that many lawyers find out about jobs at other firms, and the way that law firms find candidates to fill openings.
Lateral.ly, which launches today after months of beta testing, is aiming to replace the middleman with technology. It is similar to online dating for the legal business. Lawyers create their own online profiles with their geographical location, objectives and years of experience, and Lateral.ly connects them with firms that are looking to hire attorneys with the same background and objectives. The San Francisco-based start-up is currently matching up attorneys with large law firms in California, New York and Washington, but hopes to expand both geographically and to include small and mid-size firms and in-house legal departments.
Only firms that attorneys have explicitly chosen to apply to can view their profile — in other words, their own employer will not be able to see their profile.
A screenshot of Lateral.ly’s online job-searching platform
The service is free for attorneys and law firms to sign up. Lateral.ly has partnered with a number of large U.S.-based law firms — including Skadden, Paul Hastings, Weil Gotshal, Kirkland & Ellis, Latham, Orrick, Irell & Manella, Jones Day, Baker McKenzie and Wilson Sonsini — and have signed up more than 1,000 attorneys to be part of the network.
“We wanted to make a central platform, one single place where attorneys could find all jobs, and firms could find all the lawyers,” said Audrey Barron, a former litigation associate at Shearman & Sterling who founded Lateral.ly in April with Micah Springut. Springut previously managed Groupon China’s local business unit and worked as a policy analyst in D.C. and Beijing.
Like headhunters, the company earns money by taking a percentage of an attorney’s salary once they have placed them in a new job. But Lateral.ly takes a smaller cut — typically less than the traditional 25 to 30 percent that many headhunters take. Barron declined to specify what that percentage is, other than to say it varies depending on Lateral.ly’s arrangement with the firms.
Barron and Springut got the idea last December when, after being introduced through mutual friends, they were developing Habeas Corp., a separate online platform designed to help in-house counsel find attorneys at law firms who specialize in specific practice areas. They realized that a similar platform was needed for law-firm hiring, as well.
Micah Springut and Audrey Barron, co-founders of Lateral.ly. (Photo by Joe Azure)
They then enlisted the help of Chief Technology Officer Yiming Liu, a data scientist, and a handful of software developers and engineers to build Lateral.ly’s site.
“We come from a traditional San Francisco start-up perspective, that is what’s helping us bring an outside perspective to the legal industry that has been static and hasn’t seen much innovation in the last 50 years,” Barron said. “We saw a problem that could be solved by building something new.”
Barron declined to share how much in fees Lateral.ly has earned so far, or whether the company has set specific revenue benchmarks. The company has not taken outside funding, she said.
Lateral.ly’s first success story was placing Barron’s roommate, an attorney in San Francisco, who was looking to transition from litigation to corporate work representing emerging companies. She ended up jumping from one law firm to another by using Lateral.ly’s network.
 
Catherine Ho covers law and lobbying for the Capital Business section of The Washington Post. She previously worked at the LA Daily Journal, the Los Angeles Times, the Detroit Free Press, the Wichita Eagle and the San Mateo County Times.

Clean cheat: Civic body photoshops Delhi road image  judges spot fraudComments
A picture is worth a thousand words, it is said. Well, not if it’s photoshopped and tries to substitute work instead of just words.
A Delhi high court bench spotted doctored photographs of roads and pavements in Dwarka wiped digitally cleaned by the agencies to claim they had acted on complaints by residents about poor civic facilities in the sub-city. The photographs were submitted before a bench of Justice BD Ahmed and Justice Siddharth Mridul by the South Delhi Municipal Corporation and the DDA.
“This is photoshopped. When it comes to technology, I am a novice, but even I can say it is photoshop. Somebody has tried to brush this up,” the bench remarked.
Caught red-handed, the counsel representing the SDMC and DDA quickly scrambled a defence, saying there was no reason for them to smudge the details as they were working to clean up the areas on their own.
Law student and Dwarka resident Ebbani Aggarwal, who had filed the PIL seeking a direction to the civic agencies to clean up the area, told the bench that some work has been done but it was not as clean as the photos show.
Aggarwal had approached the court, saying the markets, roads, footpaths and open vacant land and other places in Dwarka ware full of filth, solid waste and construction material. In her petition, Aggarwal had said that the sorry state of affairs was a result of tussle between the south body and the DDA.
Apart from finishing the work before September 30, the next date of hearing, the court directed the agencies to submit fresh photographs.

India s M&A Deal Stands at $32.6 Billion During January-August: ThorntonIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
New Delhi: The month of August saw overall private equity deal activity worth $1.6 billion, taking the year-to-date value of transactions in the country to $32.6 billion, indicating this year will end with much better number in terms of mergers and acquisitions.
According to assurance, tax and advisory firm Grant Thornton, the overall deal sentiment in India has remained consistently high from second quarter of 2014, surpassing the level of value and volume recorded in the past two years.
There were 762 deals including both mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and private equity transactions in the first eight months of this year amounting to $32.6 billion.
In the corresponding period of the last year, there were 614 deals worth $27.7 billion.
"We see the overall trend continuing in terms of quantity of deals. We have seen some very interesting deals in the infrastructure and manufacturing sector among the corporate M&A, and we continue to see an uptick in the private equity and cross-border deals as we go along," Grant Thornton India partner, Harish HV said.
A sector-wise analysis shows that the energy & natural resources sector has been active this year with 25 deals aggregating $4.1 billion so far, while the IT & ITES sector continues to top the charts both in the M&A and PE space.
Overall, the values and number of deals are up this year compared to the previous two years, he said, adding "we expect that this year will end with much better number compared to the previous two on M&A."
With 19 per cent increase in value and 12 per cent increase in volume over 2013, the M&A sphere saw increased activity at $25 billion (by way of 373 deals).
"Clearly, domestic & inbound deal activity has contributed to this increase. Although the deal volume is consistent, outbound deal value is yet to match the levels seen previously," the report added.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:47 (IST)

BHEL Bags Order for Thermal Plant in GujaratYou are here: Home Corporates
BHEL Bags Order for Thermal Plant in Gujarat
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 16:13 (IST)
New Delhi: State-owned BHEL has bagged an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State Electricity Corp Ltd.
In a statement today, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd said the Rs 3,536 crore order is for setting up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district, Gujarat.
"This is the first ever project of 800 MW unit rating ordered in the country on EPC basis and is also the highest valued order placed by GSECL," it said.
The EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contract has been awarded through international competitive bidding process.
The work includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning of the unit.
BHEL has a significant presence in Gujarat with 78.3 per cent share in the installed capacity of 9,653 MW by state utilities for coal, lignite, hydel and gas-based power plants, according to the statement.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 16:12 (IST)

Current order book at Rs 675cr: RPP InfraWe are looking at  some P/E investments into the company
A Nithya
Whole Time Director
RPP Infra
The management of RPP Infra Projects shared a positive outlook for the company as it expects a substantial improvement in its order booking and its margin profile going ahead. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, A Nithya, Whole Time Director,  RPP Infra Projects spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the way ahead.
Below is the verbatim transcript of A Nithya's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Ekta Batra
Ekta: You did have a management update with one of the brokerages and one of the things that came out from that is that the management expects to increase their order book quite significantly in FY15 to around over Rs 700 crore. Can you just tell us what will lead to the order book increase?
A: Currently for past 15 days we got an order of about Rs 200 crore. It is mainly from Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation, construction of warehouse for the Tamil Nadu government. It is about Rs 140 crore and apart from that, we got an order from Meerut. It is a rural electrification work of about Rs 55 crore.
Reema: What is the order book currently stand at and what is the pipeline looking like, are you likely to win more orders, have you submitted bids?
A: Yes, definitely. Current order book including the new order book is about Rs 675 crore and order in pipeline is about Rs 200 crore.
Sonia: What will be the execution pipeline of the orders at this point? For example, how much would accrue to your profit and loss (P&L) in terms of your revenues or how much would you book in terms of your revenues in FY15?
A: We thought of booking about Rs 300-320 crore by 2014-2015.
Reema: We also understand that the company is looking to diversify. So currently you are predominantly concentrated in Tamil Nadu. So post diversification , will the company have to big at lower margins to be a bit more aggressive, can you walk us through how the company plans to diversify?
A: We are currently working in southern states only in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Now we are looking away from southern states. Now we have concentrated on Uttar Pradesh and we have got a job also there.
Ekta: Could you just give us a sense in terms of what your margin picture looks like for example you have done margins of around 14-15 percent over the past two-three years, can you expect to scale it up in terms of even a possible range?
A: For 2014-2015, margins will be the same as of 2013-2014. After that, when finance cost comes down and when we concentrate on outstanding payments and speed up the progress then margins will definitely increase by 1-2 percent.
Ekta: What would your debt level stand at at this point and what would your quarterly interest run rate be that you are servicing?
A: Interest finance cost is about 6.68 percent by 2013-2014 and in 2012-2013 it was 6.5 but in 2013-2014 it is 6.7.
Reema: How are you planning to reduce your debt?
A: Mainly this interest cost growth is because of the belated receivables so we have to make more concentrations on the receivables. Apart from that, we are seeking for some private equity fund also. So that the interest cost will be reduced.
Reema: So you are looking into some P/E investments into the company?
A: Yes.
 
RPP Infra Proj stock price
On November 21, 2014, RPP Infra Projects closed at Rs 133.75, down Rs 3.65, or 2.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 154.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 39.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.19 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 31.92. The latest book value of the company is Rs 53.08 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.52.
RELATED NEWS

BHEL bags Rs 3 500 crore order for thermal plant in GujaratSep 18, 2014, 04.35 PM IST  | Source: PTI
BHEL bags Rs 3,500 crore order for thermal plant in Gujarat
The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State  Electricity Corp Ltd. In a statement today, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd said the Rs 3,536 crore order is for setting up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district, Gujarat.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BHEL bags Rs 3,500 crore order for thermal plant in Gujarat
The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State  Electricity Corp Ltd. In a statement today, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd said the Rs 3,536 crore order is for setting up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district, Gujarat.
Post your opinion here
 
State-owned  BHEL has bagged an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State  Electricity Corp Ltd. In a statement today, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd said the Rs 3,536 crore order is for setting up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district, Gujarat.
Also read: BHEL bags order from NPTI for operating training simulator
"This is the first ever project of 800 MW unit rating ordered in the country on EPC basis and is also the highest valued order placed by GSECL," it said. The EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contract has been awarded through international competitive bidding process.
The work includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning of the unit. BHEL has a significant presence in Gujarat with 78.3 percent share in the installed capacity of 9,653 MW by state utilities for coal, lignite, hydel and gas-based power plants, according to the statement.
BHEL stock price
On November 21, 2014, Bharat Heavy Electricals closed at Rs 252.75, up Rs 7.35, or 3.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 291.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 135.90.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.68 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.64. The latest book value of the company is Rs 135.02 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.87.
RELATED NEWS

Texas highest criminal court strikes down improper photography statuteBy Eugene Volokh September 18 Follow @volokhc
I’m delighted to report that yesterday the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals handed down Ex parte Thompson (Tex. Ct. Crim. App. Sept. 17, 2014) (8-to-1, with Judge Meyers dissenting without opinion). This was a UCLA First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic case, in which my student Samantha Booth and I wrote an amicus brief on behalf of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press. (Many thanks again, by the way, to Cam Barker (YetterColeman LLP) for all his help as local counsel.)
The court’s opinion is a victory for the right to take photographs in public — even when a statute barring such photograph is limited to photography of people without their consent and “with intent to arouse or gratify … sexual desire,” but of course equally when the photographs lack such an intention. The court struck down the Texas “improper photography” statute, which read,
A person commits an offense if the person:
(1) photographs or by videotape or other electronic means records … a visual image of another at a location that is not a bathroom or private dressing room:
(A) without the other person’s consent; and
(B) with intent to arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person.
Here’s a quick summary of the court’s reasoning:
1. Taking photographs in public places is generally constitutionally protected, because photographs — regardless of their artistic merits — are generally protected expression, and “the act that creates the end product” is likewise protected:
The camera is essentially the photographer’s pen or paintbrush. Using a camera to create a photograph or video is like applying pen to paper to create a writing or applying brush to canvas to create a painting. In all of these situations, the process of creating the end product cannot reasonably be separated from the end product for First Amendment purposes. This is a situation where the “regulation of a medium inevitably affects communication itself.” We conclude that a person’s purposeful creation of photographs and visual recordings is entitled to the same First Amendment protection as the photographs and visual recordings themselves.
2. This First-Amendment-protected conduct doesn’t lose its protection even when the photographer is intending to arouse or gratify sexual desires:
When the intent is to do something that, if accomplished, would be unlawful and outside First Amendment protection, such as the intent to threaten or intimidate, such an intent might help to eliminate First Amendment concerns. But when the intent is something that, if accomplished, would constitute protected expression, such an intent cannot remove from the ambit of the First Amendment conduct that is otherwise protected expression…. Banning otherwise protected expression on the basis that it produces sexual arousal or gratification is the regulation of protected thought, and such a regulation is outside the government’s power [quoting the U.S. Supreme Court’s Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition decision]:
The government cannot constitutionally premise legislation on the desirability of controlling a person’s private thoughts. First Amendment freedoms are most in danger when the government seeks to control thought or to justify its laws for that impermissible end. The right to think is the beginning of freedom, and speech must be protected from the government because speech is the beginning of thought.”
3. Nor can the statute be defended as a permissible privacy protection. Narrower statutes that ban taking photographs in certain private places, such as bathrooms or dressing rooms or “inside [a person’s] home” would be constitutional. So would bans on taking photographs in ways that view generally concealed parts of the body, such as “the taking of a photograph underneath a person’s clothing.” But a general ban that also applies to the parts of the body that a person voluntarily displays in public is unconstitutional:
The State suggests … that the improper-photography statute protects privacy interests by “protecting individuals from invasive covert photography” and by “protecting individuals from having their images unconsensually exploited for the sexual gratifications of others.” The State is correct; the statute does protect individuals in these way….. [But] with respect to photography or visual recordings of people in public, we do not find the State’s asserted privacy interests to be particularly substantial. A person who walks down a public street cannot prevent others from looking at him or her with sexual thoughts in their heads.
“[P]rivacy interests fade once information already appears on the public record.” Protecting someone who appears in public from being the object of sexual thoughts seems to be the sort of “paternalistic interest in regulating the defendant’s mind” that the First Amendment was designed to guard against. We also keep in mind the Supreme Court’s admonition that the forms of speech that are exempt from First Amendment protection are limited, and we should not be quick to recognize new categories of unprotected expression.
4. Because the statute distinguished photographs based on the sexual intentions of the photograph, the statute was content-based and thus subject to strict scrutiny:
[T]he statutory provision at issue does not penalize all non-consensual acts of taking photographs and making visual recordings. A statute that did so would be content neutral, but it is doubtful that such a broad prohibition would satisfy intermediate scrutiny. The provision at issue here penalizes only a subset of non-consensual image and video producing activity — that which is done with the intent to arouse or gratify sexual desire. We find this discrimination to be content based. As we have explained above, sexual thoughts are included within the protection of the First Amendment. By discriminating on the basis of the sexual thought that underlies the creation of photographs or visual recordings, the statute discriminates on the basis of content.
It is no answer that the statute merely discriminates on the basis of the thought behind the speech rather than the speech itself. As our discussion above shows, thought is intertwined with expression and is also protected by the First Amendment….
Nor may we find the statute content neutral on the basis of a “secondary effects” theory. It is the sexual content of the expression, not any secondary effect of taking photographs or making visual recordings, that the statute seeks to prevent. Although the State claims that the statute seeks to protect privacy, the only sense in which the statute necessarily protects privacy is by protecting an individual from being the subject of someone else’s sexual desires. But this type of protection regulates the primary effect of speech because it is simply the protection against the expression of “a particularly odious message,” where “the ‘chain of causation’ … necessarily ‘runs through the persuasive effect of the expressive component’ of the conduct.”
5. The statute was substantially overbroad, which justified striking it down on its face:
A statute is likely to be found overbroad if the criminal prohibition it creates is of “alarming breadth.” Such is the case with the current statute, the breadth of which has been accurately characterized as “breathtaking.” The statutory provision at issue is extremely broad, applying to any non-consensual photograph, occurring anywhere, as long as the actor has an intent to arouse or gratify sexual desire. This statute could easily be applied to an entertainment reporter who takes a photograph of an attractive celebrity on a public street. But the statute operates unconstitutionally even if applied to someone who takes purely public photographs of another for personal reasons with the requisite intent.
Although we must look to whether the improper reach of the statute is “real,” as well as substantial, “[w]e would not uphold an unconstitutional statute merely because the Government promised to use it responsibly.” And we can look to the prosecution before us as evidence of the real danger posed by the statute. The record in the present case consists solely of the indictments, but the descriptions in a number of the counts suggest that the images recorded were of people in a public place (a water park) and of areas of the person that were exposed to the public (wearing swimsuits).
Moreover, we are aware of at least four appellate decisions, aside from this case, that involve the application of § 21.15(b)(1) to purely public photography. In one of those cases,
Cooper v. State,
the court of appeals rather ominously stated,
In the 50s, before the advent of video cameras and cell phone videos, a popular song advised us that standing on the corner and watching females pass by was acceptable conduct and that “you can’t go to jail for what you’re thinking.” Watching may still be acceptable conduct, but recording that parade may violate the law in Texas today.
In Arguellez v. State, this Court expressed its incredulity that reasonable suspicion could arise from taking photographs in a public place: “Photographs are routinely taken of people in public places, including at public beaches, where bathing suits are also commonly worn, and at concerts, festivals, and sporting events.” “Taking photographs of people at such venues,” the Court said, “is not unusual, suspicious, or criminal.” …
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Sensex surges 481 points to settle above 27 100Sensex surges 481 points to settle above 27 100
Could Scotlands currency be bitcoinB is for Scotland.(Reuters/Benoit Tessier)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 18, 2014
A central question in the Scottish independence campaign has centered on currency. The Bank of England has said repeatedly that an independent Scotland can not use the pound sterling, except for an 18-month emergency period following a yes vote.
No one has sorted out what currency Scotland would use after that period, but there’s  been some speculation that digital currency bitcoin might be a good fit.
That idea may seem far-fetched, but it has been posited in at least one high-profile financial forum by the assistant governor of Australia’s central bank and in a publication by a British think tank.
The country does have some experience in experimenting with currencies. During the 18th and 19th centuries, Scotland tested out private currencies in an unregulated banking system before ceding control to the Bank of England.
Under this free banking system, Scotland’s three largest private banks—the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland and the British Linen Bank— issued competing private currencies after the Bank of Scotland monopoly on note issues ended. These private notes were backed by banks’  gold reserves, while their supply was largely left up to market forces.
Adopting a cryptocurrency like bitcoin would similarly be a return to private money and could offer some benefits for Scotland, such as creating a flexible flow of private capital at relatively low cost, says Pete Rizzo, US editor for Coindesk, a digital currency news site.
But, he warns, the risks would outweigh those rewards. A central bank would have little to no control over setting monetary policy under bitcoin, since the digital currency’s supply is dictated by market forces. Instead of relying on a central bank to protect its value, bitcoin uses high-powered supercomputers and sophisticated cryptography at several unknown locations around the world.
A more plausible solution, Rizzo explains, would be for Scotland to use the underlying technology behind bitcoin to suit its needs and possibly create its own, more flexible digital currency. The move would be almost as radical as the one to break up the UK’s 307-year-old union.
Share this:

Maruti appoints RS Kalsi as head of marketin...You are here: Home > Collections
Maruti Suzuki India appoints R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
Maruti Driving Schools
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India today appointed R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales following the resignation of Mayank Pareek from the company.
Kalsi, who is currently Executive Director heading the parts, accessories and outbound logistics divisions of the company, will report to the Managing Director Kenichi Ayukawa, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Shashank Srivastava, Executive Director, will continue to head international marketing for the company, it added.
Srivastava will also report to Ayukawa. These changes follow the resignation of Mayank Pareek, Senior Executive Officer (Marketing and Sales) from Maruti Suzuki, the company said.
Commenting on the development Ayukawa said: "Having worked in close partnership with the company's domestic dealer network, Kalsi has a sound understanding of customer needs and preferences."
He further said: "With Kalsi heading our domestic Marketing and Sales efforts, and Shashank spearheading our international operations, we will be in a very good position to strengthen our bond with customers as we move towards our medium term goal of two million annual vehicles sales."
Kalsi, a mechanical engineer from the Delhi College of Engineering, joined MSI in 1984. He served in various roles, including vendor development, supply chain, parts inspection and engineering, before being asked to spearhead the company's foray into new businesses like Maruti True Value , Maruti Insurance , Maruti Driving Schools and Maruti Finance in 2002.
Pareek, who is leaving MSI after putting in nearly 20 years at the company, has been credited for keeping the company's sales counter ticking and increasing market share even when the Indian automobile market went on a slump in the last two years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Capital Housing Finance eyes Rs 10k cr ...You are here: Home > Collections
Tata Capital Housing Finance eyes Rs 10,000 crore assets this year
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 05.51PM IST
(The company will also offer…)
MUMBAI: Tata Capital Housing Finance is planning to grow its loan portfolio by 30 per cent annually and expects it to reach around Rs 10,000 crore this fiscal.
"We have a plan to grow by 30 per cent annually. At present, our overall loan portfolio is at around Rs 7,500 crore and if everything goes well, this year we will be closing at around Rs 10,000 crore," the company's managing director R Vaithianathan told reporters here today.
He said the company's affordable housing loan portfolio is at Rs 1,800 crore and it plans to more than double in next 2-3 years.
"Our affordable housing loan portfolio is at around Rs 1,800 crore. It will grow to somewhere around Rs 2,800 crore next year and to Rs 4,000 crore in 2016-17," Vaithianathan said.
Meanwhile, the company, which is a subsidiary of Tata Capital, today launched a home loan scheme in the affordable housing segment across small towns and semi-rural areas and for the urban poor.
Under the scheme, properties falling under the classification of rural housing as per the National Housing Bank norms will be offered home loans of up to Rs 15 lakh at an interest rate of 9.75 per cent.
The company will also offer home loans up to Rs 10 lakh to urban low income groups for properties covering low income housing in urban areas.
The scheme, which is valid till October 31, 2014, will offer a fixed interest rate of 9.75 per cent for 7 years and floating interest rate thereafter.
The affordable housing segment is around 16 million units and is growing at 20-22 per cent per annum.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Home Construction Down 14.4 Percent in August; Fewer Ground Breakings for ApartmentsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Survey in Scotland predicts narrow victory for unitedUKVoters had a simple "Yes" or "No" choice to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:42 pm
Britain’s more than 300-year-old union with Scotland may survive Thursday’s historical referendum by a narrow margin, a new survey showed.
Supporters of a united UK were maintaining a narrow but steady lead of four points; 52 per cent to 48 per cent, over the supporters of Scottish independence, YouGov’s final pre-election survey for The Times and Sun newspaper showed.
However, the race was still too tight for YouGov’s analysts to be confident in calling it.
Instead, the polling company only predicted an 80 per cent probability that the UK will hold together – giving a breakaway Scotland a 20 per cent chance.
Voters have a simple “Yes” or “No” choice to the question: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Whatever the result, British politics is set to change forever after the referendum.
In the short-term, British Prime Minister David Cameron would have most to lose if Scotland votes to leave the UK.
Some Conservative MPs believe he could even lose his job, according to The Independent.
Though, a “Yes” verdict may prove disastrous for the UK’s Labour Party, which currently holds 41 of Scotland’s 59 constituencies –- which would no longer send MPs to Westminster after “independence day”, which is due to happen in March 2016 on Scotland’s First Minister Alex Salmond’s timetable.
Politicians on both sides of the divide have risked their careers and thrown their weight behind ‘Yes’ or the ‘No’ campaign.
Meanwhile, voting in Scotland was in full swing on Thursday and people have been queueing up since morning to register their vote in the historic referendum.
Nearly 97 per cent of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, have registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country until 22:00 (local time) on Thursday.
Once the polls have closed, ballot papers will be counted in each of Scotland’s 32 local authority areas.
These will include votes cast from the 789,024 postal vote applications, which was the largest volume of registration for postal votes ever in Scotland, according to the BBC.
Results are expected early on Friday morning.

Naveen govts ambitious online grievance redressal system has little toshowPortal launched by Patnaik in Aug 2010 with much fanfare, was touted as a major reform by his govt that would empower the common people.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:28 pm
In August 2011, Prakash Biswal, a youth of Puri district, lodged an online complaint with Orissa chief minister’s office through e-abhijoga, an online grievance redressal system, over delay in getting the cash reward which he was eligible for marrying a Dalit girl. The portal launched by Naveen Patnaik in August 2010 with much fanfare, was touted as a major reform by his government that would empower the common people.
Biswal got a few thousand rupees of the reward money before he died of leukemia a year later, but only after his well-wishers filed an RTI application. A status check of his e-abhijoga complaint shows ‘under process’ in State SC/ST department.
Like Biswal, RTI activist NA Shah Ansari of Puri too logged into e-abhijoga to complain to chief minister’s office about liquor outlets sprouting up next to religious places and schools in Puri and Konark area in 2011. Three years later, all that Ansari has seen is a mere direction given to the excise commissioner about such outlets and no action on ground.
Four years after its launch, the e-abhijoga system, modeled after PGPORTAL, the online grievance portal of Government of India, has turned out to be a damp squib as thousands of complaints continue to remain unattended or closed without any real redressal.
To weed out frivolous grievances, a complainant has to upload his/her identity proof prior to submission of the online form for lodging its grievance.
A status report prepared by the government has showed that of the 17012 complaints lodged through the portal in 40 departments, only 4823 (about 28.35 per cent) have been disposed till August 16.
The disposal rate however hides the gross failure of several departments including water resources and home, two departments held by Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik himself. Of the 694 complaints received by water resources department, only 48 or 6.92 per cent have been disposed so far. Similarly, of the 480 complaints received in home department, only 39 of 8.13 per cent have been resolved so far.
At least 6 departments – tourism, sports and youth services, science and technology, law, medium and small enterprises employment and technical education training – had failed to dispose a single case.
Several crucial departments like school and mass education, 1.08 per cent (15 of the 1392 cases), revenue and disaster management 2.6 per cent (12 of the 461 cases), housing and urban development 5.31 per cent (24 of the 452 cases), higher education 3.92 per cent (26 of the 664) and SC/ST development 2.91 per cent (9 of the 309) had less than 10 per cent disposal rate. Of the 40 departments, 22 had less than 20 per cent disposal rate. Only parliamentary continued…

No of hungry people in India falling but ris...You are here: Home > Collections > Pakistan
No of hungry people in India falling but rising in Pakistan: Report
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 06.28PM IST
(India and neighouring nations…)
NEW DELHI: The number of hungry people in India has fallen to by 9.5 per cent to 190.7 million now from 210.8 million two decades ago, but in neigbouring Pakistan the number has risen by over 38 per cent in the same period, a UN report said.
India, however, has the dubious distinction of being home to the maximum number of hungry people in South Asia (190.7 million). Pakistan has 39.6 million hungry people, Bangladesh (26.2 million), Sri Lanka (5.2 million) and Nepal (3.6 million).
According to the report, the number of hungry people in India has come down by 9.5 per cent to 190.7 million 2012-14 from 210.8 million during 1990-92.
The report is jointly prepared by the UN body FAO, the International Fund for Agricultural Development and the World Food Programme.
In Pakistan, their number has gone up by 38 per cent to 39.6 million from 28.7 million, the report said.
Bangladesh has made good progress as the number of hungry people has come down by over 27 per cent to 26.2 million now from 36 million in 1990-92.
Similarly, their number in Nepal has come down by 14.4 per cent to 3.6 million from 4.2 million, while in Sri Lanka it has come down by 2.6 per cent to 5.2 million from 5.4 million in the same period.
With the number of undernourished people remaining "unacceptably high", the report stressed the need to renew the political commitment to tackle hunger and to transform it into concrete actions.
India and neighouring nations are lagging far behind in achieving the Millennium Development Goal (MDG) of halving hunger by 2015.
According to the UN report, 63 developing countries have reached the MDG target to date, and six more are on track to reach it by 2015.
Globally, the number of hungry people has declined by more than 200 million since 1990-92 and currently about 805 million people in the world, or one in nine, suffer from hunger, it said.
"Despite significant progress overall, several regions and sub-regions continue to lag behind. ...Asia, the world's most populous region, is also home to the majority of the hungry - 526 million people," it added.
The UN report said that the MDG target is within reach, "if appropriate and immediate efforts are stepped up."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi talks tough with Chinas Xi on border rowModi talks tough with China’s president Xi on border row
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 18:01 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:19 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushed China’s president for an early resolution to their festering border dispute on Thursday, robust comments that overshadowed a Chinese pledge of $20 billion in investments and support for India’s greater role in the United Nations Security Council.
Modi’s comments, made in the presence of Xi Jinping, came as Indian and Chinese troops faced off in Ladakh, the latest in a string of border incursions that have remained a perpetual irritant in relations that have otherwise improved over increased trade and business.
“I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” a stern-looking Modi told journalists with Xi sitting to his right.
“We agreed that peace and tranquillity in the border region constitute an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence and for realizing the full potential of our relationship.”
Xi receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
Although Modi rode to power on a promise to build a more assertive India, his comments are seen as surprisingly tough, especially after the warm start to Xi’s visit that was expected to be more about boosting economic ties.
Read: Indian-Chinese companies sign 24 MoUs worth $3.4 billion
The two sides have held 17 rounds of border talks since the early 1990s without making significant progress. Modi has not assigned a special envoy to restart the talks since he took office in May.
"We have to address the boundary question very soon," the prime minister said, urging "clarification" of the Line of Actual Control – the front line where fighting ended in the 1962 war.
“Similarly, we discussed India's concerns relating to China's visa policy and trans-border rivers.”
But Xi sought to play down the tensions and agreed with Modi that they should work to settle the border question at an early date, reiterating language China has used in the past.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China agrees to settle border dispute soon, demarcate LAC
"Sometimes there might be certain incidents, but the two sides are fully capable of acting promptly to effectively manage the situation," he said, describing the border dispute as “leftover from the colonial rule”.
The two sides agreed on investments aimed at significantly upgrading their commercial ties, with China pledging $20 billion over the next five years for industrial parks and infrastructure including railway technology.
They agreed to begin talks on cooperating in the nuclear power industry and Xi said China would support India’s becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation – a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
At a separate event, Xi said China would support India's aspiration to play a greater role at the United Nations, including on the Security Council. He did not give detail.
Tight security near the venue of the talks in central Delhi threw traffic into disarray. Dozens of Tibetan protesters, mostly women, managed to stage a noisy protest outside the venue after the two leaders began their meeting.
The protesters shouted "China: Hands off Tibet!" as police pushed and shoved them into buses.
(With input from agencies)

Good days of 7% growth ahead  just wait for 2-3 years: GovtGood days of 7% growth ahead, just wait for 2-3 years, says finance ministry
India Today.in        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 19:17 IST
Riding high on favourable economic data greeting its 100 days in power, a buoyant government said on Thursday it hopes to achieve more than 7 per cent growth in the next two or three years.
"Confident that through growth inducing policies, Govt. would contribute in going back to +7% growth in 2 to 3 yrs," the Finance Ministry tweeted. "To that extent, India stands committed to the incremental 2% growth in the global GDP: Secretary," another tweet said.
Economic growth in India accelerated to 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, a remarkable improvement from 4.7 per cent in the same quarter of the previous fiscal. The NDA government expects growth in the current fiscal to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent. The economy grew by sub-5 per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
Earlier this week, Paris-based think tank Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) - a grouping of 34 countries - projected 5.7 per cent growth for the Indian economy this year even as global recovery continues at a moderate pace. Its latest estimate was way higher than the 4.9 per cent growth projection in May this year.
The OECD report came days after rating agency Moody's said the downside risks to the economy have receded and prospects have brightened with growth rate expected to accelerate to 5.2 per cent in 2014 and 6.5 per cent by end of 2015.
In another indication of a recovery in economy, wholesale inflation sharply eased down earlier this week to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. The inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) was at 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.

Cipla licenses rights for antibiotic to SalixCipla licenses rights for antibiotic to US-based Salix Pharma
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 19:15 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Drug major Cipla on Thursday granted a license to US-based Salix Pharmaceuticals giving exclusive rights for certain patent applications of its 'Rifaximin Complexes', which are currently under drug development stage.
"Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights under certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent family controlled by Cipla," the company said in a statement.
Generally, Rifaximin is used as an antibiotic.
The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa, it added.
Commenting on the development, Cipla USA and Canada CEO Timothy Crew said, "We are delighted to be partnering with Salix Pharmaceuticals and to expand on our existing license to Salix to introduce rights to the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent applications."
Cipla will be entitled to a an up-front payment and, upon achievement, additional regulatory milestone payments by Salix in respect of the new license agreement, the drug major said without sharing details.
"Salix also will pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents licensed to Salix," it added.
"This deal signifies our ongoing commitment to provide access to innovative treatments to patients worldwide," Cipla MD & Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said.
In 2013 the company had announced the expansion of its existing collaboration with Meda by granting global commercialisation rights for a proprietary combination nasal spray product (fluticasone and azelastine) Dymista, Cipla said.

Cops seize two revolvers from house of Assam ex-DGP who shot himselfShankar Barua was a 1974-batch IPS officer who had served as Assam DGP from July 2009 to January 2012.
Guwahati | Posted: September 18, 2014 7:12 pm
One day after former Assam Police Director-General Shankar Barua shot himself dead following alleged involvement in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, the police have seized two licensed revolvers from his residence, one of which is believed to be the weapon with which he had killed himself.
Confirming this, Guwahati City SSP AP Tiwari said the investigating teams – of the CID, FSL and the police – had carried out necessary preliminary investigations including collecting fingerprints and one used cartridge of a .32-bore revolver, as also obtaining photographic and videographic records of the place of occurrence.
ALSO READ:  Days after CBI raid, ex-DGP of Assam kills self
Barua, who had reportedly suffered from mental depression since the CBI searched his house and examined his bank accounts and locker on August 28 here in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, had committed suicide by shooting himself in his residence at Uzanbazar here on Wednesday afternoon.
A 1974-batch IPS officer who had served as Assam DGP from July 2009 to January 2012, it was during his tenure that Saradha had carried out most of its chit fund and other activities in Assam. There have been unfounded allegations that Saradha had received undue police protection to conduct its business in Assam.
The City SSP said the police have seized two licensed revolvers from Barua’s residence, one of which had five live cartridges loaded in it. It is this .32 revolver that Barua is believed to have used to kill himself. The police however were yet to examine Barua’s family members in view of the tragic circumstances and mourning.
Interestingly, Barua, who had been admitted to a hospital four days ago for some illness, was released only at around 11:30 am on Wednesday. He first went to the nearest bank where he reportedly changed nominees in his accounts, and then shot himself at around 12:30 PM. Though Barua had a PSO from the state police, the person was not close to him when the incident occurred.
The former DGP, who was himself a reputed musician and singer, was close to well-known Guwahati-based filmmaker and singer Sadananda Gogoi who was arrested by the CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scandal in Kolkata on September 12. Gogoi had allegedly taken Sudipta Sen close to several influential persons in Assam, with the list of names reportedly also including that of the former DGP.
Shankar Barua was among five persons whose houses were searched by the CBI connection with the Saradha chit fund scandal on August 28. The others included former Assam health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, senior Congress MLA Anjan Dutta, managing director of the now defunct Frontier TV Manoranjana Sinh, and filmmaker and singer Sadananda Gogoi.

J&K flood toll crosses 260Updated: September 18, 2014 20:16 IST
J&K flood toll crosses 260
PTI
The Hindu People row boats on a submerged road in Dal Lake, Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
SLIDESHOW
flood
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst-ever floods since 1892
The death toll in Jammu and Kashmir has crossed 260 with Jammu region accounting for most of the deaths in the worst flood in the state in more than a century. The death toll in Jammu region was 210, and so far 54 bodies have been recovered in the Kashmir valley, officials said.
“We have recovered 190 bodies while 20 others were washed away, and presumed dead, in the flood affected areas of Jammu division. Rajouri district was the worst-hit in terms of loss of life,” a senior official from Jammu said.
Rohit Kansal, Divisional Commissioner, Kashmir told PTI that 54 bodies have been recovered from various parts of the Valley so far.
Jammu and Kashmir was hit by the worst-ever floods since 1892, wreaking havoc in several districts on either side of the Pir Panjal mountain range. Public infrastructure like bridges, roads and government buildings worth several thousand crore have been destroyed by the floods while the damage to private property including crops like apple and paddy is estimated to be several times higher.

How Snapdeal plans to replicate Alibaba s model in IndiaSep 18, 2014, 06.59 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
How Snapdeal plans to replicate Alibaba's model in India
“We want to build the most trusted digital marketplace in India for small businesses to sell to consumers across the country and just invest heavily in the technology behind that and the ecosystem of partners around it," co-founder Kunal Bahl.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
How Snapdeal plans to replicate Alibaba's model in India
“We want to build the most trusted digital marketplace in India for small businesses to sell to consumers across the country and just invest heavily in the technology behind that and the ecosystem of partners around it," co-founder Kunal Bahl.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
There are reports surfacing that Alibaba, which is set to launch the world’s largest IPO On Friday, is possibly looking to enter India through an investment in Snapdeal . While Snapdeal has refused to comment on these reports, co-founder Kunal Bahl, in a chat with CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala Vhora, explains how Snapdeal is looking to replicate Alibaba's model, a comparision that lends credence to news on the potential developments.
“We want to build the most trusted digital marketplace in India for small businesses to sell to consumers across the country and just invest heavily in the technology behind that and the ecosystem of partners around it. We believe that as a technology company the operating leverage in our business is very significant where we don't have to make disproportionate investments behind the platform to keep generating velocity of sales. Over a period of time the network effects in the business are significant enough, like Alibaba in China which is the business we are most similar to, generates USD 5 billion EBITDA a year, there is a reason for it. They are not a retailer, they are a technology platform and that gives me confidence that in due course as we achieve significant scale we will see similar economics emerging out of our company as well,” Bahl said.
 

Buy Mastek; target of Rs 500: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Mastek; target of Rs 500: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Mastek and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 500 in its September 18, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Mastek
“Mastek has announced the restructuring of its insurance business into a separate entity to better leverage existing IP capabilities and capital allocation strategies. The sub-optimal performance of the company was driven by disproportionate capital allocation (product development expenses of Rs 57 crore in FY14 vs. PAT of Rs 52 crore) to insurance practice (55% of revenues). Further, these investments were generally penalised given the large gestation period and led to Mastek being valued at a significant discount to pure-play IT services despite intrinsic value in the products business. The restructuring, we believe, has the potential to create substantial shareholder value while investor exposure could mirror individual risk-reward appetite. Our comparable analysis suggests Rs 350- 400/share value for the insurance piece while Rs 110-150/share could be attributed to the services business.”
“Mastek’s current market capitalisation of ~Rs 700 crore is reflective of two businesses. IT services and solutions, which generates revenue of Rs 416 and 14.4% EBITDA margins (FY14), and products business (generates Rs 507 crore of revenues and 5.9% margins). On a combined basis, the business is valued at a meagre trailing price/sales multiple of 0.8x. However, were we to value the businesses separately, the insurance business could be valued at Rs 750-900 crore, 1.5-1.8x Mcap/trailing sales metric – 60% discount to global peer group average and 20% discount, at the higher band, to the lowest multiple considering mediocre margin and RoCE profile and domestic listing – while services business could be valued at ~Rs 250-300 crore, 4-5x EV/trailing EBITDA metric – 16-33% discount to global peer group average. Together, the analysis yields a fair value of Rs 450-550/share, an average upside of 60% relative to current market price. Please refer exhibits 1, 2 for detailed comparable comps.”
“We are transferring Mastek to our Nano Nivesh universe to comply with our market capitalisation mandate. Though we are maintaining our estimates pending regulatory approvals, we are changing our valuation methodology from P/E to sum-of-the-parts. We believe the insurance business could be valued at 1.5-1.8x trailing pro-forma sales metric while the services business could be valued at 4-5x trailing pro-forma EV/EBITDA. This translates to a fair value of Rs 450 - 500 vs. our earlier target price of Rs 220. However, investors are cautioned that the fair value thesis is obligated to execution and earnings delivery,” says ICICIdirect.com research report. 
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Wall St opens up  S&P 500 near recordWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

The Xi Jinping visit cant have a clear balancesheet because a major item is confoundingProfit or loss?(AP Photo /Manish Swarup)
SHARE
Devjyot Ghoshal & Diksha Madhok
September 18, 2014
By the statements made in New Delhi this afternoon, India and China are set to conclude a successful meeting between prime minister Narendra Modi and president Xi Jinping.
But transgressions at the border that necessitated flag meetings between the two armies even as summit level meetings took place highlighted the big outstanding issue between India and China, who have gone to war once—the contentious boundary.
The two countries signed new agreements that will doubtless bring the Asian giants closer. Yet China’s border policy, and its confounding execution, makes it very hard for India to take assurances from the highest levels in China seriously.
The intention to peacefully settle the border issue, which Xi articulated today, has been stated before.
For instance, when Chinese premiere Li Keqiang visited Delhi in May last year—shortly after Indian and Chinese troops faced off in Ladakh, where a similar standoff is currently ongoing—the vexed issue of the border dispute was seen as central to bilateral relations. “The basis for continued growth and expansion of our ties is peace and tranquility on our borders,” the then Indian prime minister, Manmohan Singh said, after meeting Li.
In his own statement , the Chinese premiere further mentioned: “Pending the resolution of the boundary question, the two sides shall work together to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas in line with the previous agreements.”
But the reality is that “transgressions”—as the government terms them—along the India-China border have significant increased in recent years.
Share
Tap image to zoom
“Based on the seven-month data the Home ministry provided for 2014 (through August 4), Chinese transgressions appear well on track to substantially exceed the 400-plus levels of the previous two years,” Council on Foreign Relations senior fellow Alyssa Ayres wrote earlier this week.
“It’s hard to reconcile this pattern with the economic cooperation messaging happening in parallel,” she added.
After their meeting today, Modi and Xi, too, reiterated the importance of the border dispute.
“I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” Modi said. “We agreed that peace and tranquility in the border region constitutes an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence and for realizing the full potential of our relationship.”
 Why Xi, despite being the commander of the Chinese military, couldn’t create a more amicable atmosphere for his India visit is puzzling. 
Xi said that since the border was yet to be demarcated, sometimes there were “certain incidents”, although both sides had been able to manage these situations. He added that China was keen to “settle the boundary question at an early date”, and would maintain peace till that happened.
But even as Modi and Xi met in Delhi, “soldiers from both sides had faced off on the Ladakh plateau for over a week in a dispute about infrastructure works”, Reuters reported . There is, though, an element of confusion in the incursions, or “transgressions”. Since certain parts of the border between India and China have never been agreed upon, both countries claim some parts to be theirs. So when India alleges a transgression, it is based on the boundary India claims and China does not recognize, and vice versa.
Still, why Xi, despite being the commander of the Chinese military, couldn’t create a more amicable atmosphere for his India visit visit is puzzling.
But China is known to be assertive in territorial disputes, talks not withstanding. In the South China Sea dispute, too, with members of the 10-nation ASEAN group, China has behaved similarly. In May this year, only days before the 2014 ASEAN Summit in Myanmar, China moved a giant oil-rig accompanied by some 80 ships into disputed waters.
India and China can’t move much farther ahead without progress on the border dispute. But there are also some unambiguously good deals that have emerged from the Chinese leader’s visit to India. Here are five key pacts that were signed today.
China to invest $20 billion in India 
The two countries have announced a five-year trade plan. China will invest $20 billion in India to help deflate India’s largest trade deficit with any single country. As Quartz had written earlier, even though China is India’s largest trading partner, its needs for Indian goods has diminished over the years. Earlier in the month, Japan had pledged to invest $35 billion in india.
China to open new route for Indian pilgrims
Kailash Mansarovar Yatra is a popular religious pilgrimage to Mount Kailash and Lake Manasarovar in Tibet. The journey is undertaken by followers of many religions and is known for its uneven terrain and harsh conditions. President Xi Jinping has agreed to open a safer route for Indian travellers. The new route would be through Nathu La, the Himalayan pass linking the two countries. This will be in addition to the existing route through Uttarakhand.
“The new route offers many benefits. It makes Kailash Mansarovar accessible by a motorable road, which is especially beneficial to the older pilgrims,” said Modi, while thanking his Chinese counterpart for the gesture.
A railway university in India
The two most populous countries have signed a pact to help India upgrade its railway infrastructure. India has the world’s fourth-longest rail network, but most of it is a legacy of its colonial past. Since independence in 1947, India has added only 11,000 km of track . On the other hand, China has added 14,000 km of track  from 2007 to 2011.
Some of the steps that the two nations have agreed upon are: redevelopment of railway stations, setting up of a Railway University in India, training of Indian Railway personnel.
Chinese industrial parks
The Chinese will set up two industrial parks in India, one focusing on power equipment and another for automobile components. These will be established in Gujarat and Pune.
Civil nuclear cooperation
“We will begin the process of discussions on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster our broader cooperation on energy security,” Modi said in Delhi today. No other details were shared with journalists.
The BJP-led government appears keen to broaden India’s nuclear energy sector. Last week it signed a nuclear deal with Australian prime minister Tony Abbott; the deal  will provide India access to Australia’s large stocks of uranium.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Cipla grants Salix rights for RifaximinCipla grants Salix rights for Rifaximin
Etihad Airways to raise $2 billion in 2014 to fund stake buys  aircraftEtihad Airways to raise $2 billion in 2014 to fund stake buys  aircraft
Rupee keeps momentum goingRupee keeps momentum going
Border standoff  controlled and managed : ChinaBorder standoff  controlled and managed : China
Did You Know You Can Withdraw Cash from Retail StoresApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, said it has written to the Reserve Bank (RBI) to increase the daily cash withdrawal limit from merchant outlets having point-of-sale (POS) machines to Rs 5,000.
Point-of-sale terminals help in carrying out cashless transactions at merchant outlets by swiping credit/ debit cards on the POS machine.
Under this cash withdrawal facility, a customer can walk into a merchant establishment and withdraw cash using his secret PIN as is done at an ATM. This facility is also aimed at reducing the cash management hassles for merchants, who may not be able to go to a bank for depositing their collections. Banks charge a fee for the cash withdrawal at POS terminals, a part of which is paid to the merchant outlets. The facility is available irrespective of whether the card holder makes a purchase or not.
In 2009, the RBI had permitted cash withdrawals at point-of-sale terminals through debit cards as a step towards enhancing the customer convenience in using the plastic money. Last year, the RBI had allowed cash withdrawals through prepaid cards, including gift cards.
"We have requested the Reserve Bank of India (SBI) to increase this limit from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000. It is under their consideration," said SBI deputy managing director (corporate strategy and new businesses) S K Mishra.
The average ticket size for an ATM transaction is Rs 3,654 so majority of transactions would be covered through cash out at such micro-ATMs if the limit is raised, he added.
Mr Mishra also said SBI is that half of its 1.60 lakh POS machines have this money-withdrawal facility.
Mr Mishra said the bank is targeting to take the number of POS machines to 2.50 lakh by the FY15-end. At present, total number of POS machines in India stands at 11 lakh, RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 09:12 (IST)

Cairn India Discovers Three New Oil Fields in Rajasthan BlockYou are here: Home Corporates
Cairn India Discovers Three New Oil Fields in Rajasthan Block
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 15:06 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Mumbai: Cairn India Ltd said on Wednesday it had made three new oil discoveries in its exploration block in Rajasthan, taking its total oil discoveries in the block to 36.
One of the wells is in close proximity to the company's Mangala field and it is planning fast track appraisal to commercialize the discovery, Cairn India, part of London-listed Vedanta Resources Plc, said in a statement on Wednesday.
The company is spending $3 billion over three years to boost oil production and natural gas output from its Rajasthan block, which had an output of 66.3 million barrels of oil equivalent in the year ended March 31.
Cairn India has a portfolio of nine blocks, one in Rajasthan which contains multiple assets, two on the west coast and four on the east coast of India, and one each in Sri Lanka and South Africa.
The company's shares were up 2 per cent in afternoon trade on Wednesday, while the Mumbai share markets were trading broadly flat.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Merck Licenses Experimental Psoriasis Drug to Sun PharmaYou are here: Home Corporates
Merck Licenses Experimental Psoriasis Drug to Sun Pharma
Reuters | Updated On: September 17, 2014 20:14 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Merck & Co Inc said it has licensed its experimental psoriasis drug to Indian generic maker Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd for $80 million (Rs 480 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees).
Under the agreement, Sun Pharma will acquire the worldwide rights to the drug, tildrakizumab, for all possible indications.
The drug is currently in late-stage trials for use in chronic plaque psoriasis, an inflammatory skin disease.
Merck will continue all clinical development and regulatory activities, which will be funded by Sun Pharma. Upon product approval, Sun Pharma will be responsible for regulatory activities, including manufacturing and marketing the approved product, the companies said.
Merck's shares were down about 1 per cent at $59.41 on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday. Shares in Sun Pharmaceutical ended at Rs 792.40 on National Stock Exchange.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 20:12 (IST)

Brown could be the man who saved the unionA reborn Gordon Brown could be the man who saved the union
By Philip Stephens
©EPA
Scotland these past few weeks has been watching a politician reborn. Gordon Brown had become Britain’s forgotten prime minister, lost since his 2010 general election defeat in self-imposed exile. That was until he took centre stage to energise the unionist campaign fighting Scottish separation.
David Cameron , his Conservative successor in Downing Street, messed up just about everything it was possible to mess up when he allowed Alex Salmond ’s Scottish National party to dictate the terms and timing of this week’s independence referendum. But Labour too will have to shoulder a fair share of the blame in the event that Mr Salmond does succeed in forcing the break-up of Britain.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
In a contest that has been swinging back towards the unionist side in recent days but is still too close to call, the swing votes are in Scotland ’s old industrial heartlands – the Labour (and should-be unionist) voters who were left behind by prosperity even before the global financial crash ushered in an era of austerity.
Mr Salmond needs the votes of the low paid and no paid in the bleak urban landscapes of Scotland’s central belt in order to push the nationalist vote above 50 per cent. As populist politicians across Europe have learnt, these areas provide fertile ground for the divisive politics of identity and grievance.
Uncomfortable facts are easily elbowed aside by atavistic emotions and opponents shouted down. This is what seems to have been happening in parts of Scotland as voters have responded to Mr Salmond’s dog-whistle nationalism.
Angry, and too often ignored by a Labour party machine that has treated power as its birthright, many working-class Scots seem ready to believe that all their ills and more can be blamed on the English.
Mr Brown has stepped out to change that. Watching him on the campaign trail these past few days, the only question those who want to preserve the union can ask is: why has it taken so long? A campaign that has looked alternately complacent and overly negative has recovered its voice.
No one is quite sure why Mr Brown disappeared after 2010. Friends said he blamed himself for the defeat. Less kind colleagues suggest it has been a long sulk. No matter, his championship of the unionist cause have revealed a politician restored to confidence.
More video
Mr Brown suddenly looks like a politician with a career ahead of rather than behind him. First minister of Scotland, perhaps? Even prime minister were the nationalists to succeed in tearing Scotland from the union.
In London, he struggled to find the right tone with the political and media classes. In town halls and community halls across Scotland, Mr Brown does not have to play the metropolitan sophisticate game. And, critically, he is as Scottish as they come. There is no one more steeped in the national culture, values and traditions.
In depth

Will the Scots go freeUpdated: September 18, 2014 15:18 IST
Will the Scots go free?
AP
Tweet
Reuters People arrive to cast their vote at Portobello Town Hall near Edinburgh on Thursday. Scotland votes on Thursday to decide whether or not to end the 307-year-old union with the rest of the United Kingdom.
AP A young voter leaves after casting his ballot at Ritchie Hall in Strichen, Scotland on Thursday. Polls opened across Scotland in a referendum that will decide whether the country leaves its 307-year-old union with England and becomes an independent state.
AP In this September 16, 2014 photo, adjoining apartments display No and Yes signs in their windows in Edinburgh. The referendum on Scottish independence takes place on Thursday, when Scotland will vote whether or not to end the 307-year-old union with the rest of the United Kingdom.
AP In this September 17, 2014 photo, a "No" campaign supporter and a "Yes" campaign supporter chat holding posters after a No campaign in Glasgow, Scotland. The referendum on Scottish independence takes place on Thursday, when Scotland will vote whether or not to end the 307-year-old union with the rest of the United Kingdom.
Reuters In this September 17, 2014 photo, Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond speaks at a 'Yes' campaign rally in Perth, Scotland. The referendum on Scottish independence takes place on Thursday, when Scotland will vote whether or not to end the 307-year-old union with the rest of the United Kingdom.
AP In this September 17, 2014 photo, former British Prime Minister and No campaigner for the Scottish independence referendum Gordon Brown delivers a speech at a campaign event in Glasgow, Scotland.
Reuters In this September 17, 2014 photo, graffiti supporting the "Yes" campaign is painted on a road in North Uist in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.
TOPICS
referendum and plebiscite
Polls have opened across Scotland in a referendum that will decide whether the country leaves its 307-year-old union with England and becomes an independent state.
More than 2,600 polling places will be open on Thursday from 7 a.m. (11.30 a.m. IST) until 10 p.m. (2.30 a.m. IST, Friday).
Turnout is expected to be high, with more than 4.2 million people registered to vote 97 per cent of those eligible. The question on the ballot paper is simplicity itself: “Should Scotland be an independent country?” It has divided Scots during months of campaigning.
Polls suggest the result is too close to call, with the pro-independence Yes side gaining momentum in the final weeks of campaigning.
First Minister Alex Salmond was casting his vote near his home in northeastern Scotland. If the Yes side prevails he will realise a long-held dream of leading his country to independence after an alliance with England formed in 1707.
I've just voted #Yes to Scotland becoming an independent country. What a wonderful feeling. #indyref
— Nicola Sturgeon (@NicolaSturgeon) September 18, 2014
Anti-independence leaders including former Prime Minister Gordon Brown have implored Scots not to break their links with the rest of the United Kingdom.
On a foggy morning in Scotland’s capital, Edinburgh, a heavy stream of voters began arriving at a polling station in the city center the moment it opened. One of the first, Anne Seaton, said she had voted Yes “because why not?”
“Scotland got under the English Parliament by mischance,” in 1707, she said. “It’s time now for Scotland to make a deliberate decision for independence.”
Huge day for Scotland today! no campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. excited to see the outcome. lets do this!
— Andy Murray (@andy_murray) September 18, 2014
Voters expressed a mixture of excitement and apprehension about Scotland’s choice. Thomas Roberts said he had voted Yes because he felt optimistic about its future as an independent country.
“Why not roll the dice for once?” he said.
Once the polls close, ballot boxes will be transported to 32 regional centers for counting of the votes. The result is anticipated on Friday morning. Mr. Roberts said he was looking forward to watching the results in a pub, many of which are staying open overnight.
“I’m going to sit with a beer in my hand watching the results coming in,” Mr. Roberts said. But financial consultant Michael MacPhee, a No voter, said he would observe the returns coming in “with anxiety”.
In its final hours, the battle for Scotland had all the trappings of a normal election campaign — “Yes Scotland” and “No, Thanks” posters in windows, buttons on jackets, leaflets on street corners and megaphone-topped campaign cars cruising the streets blasting out Scottish songs and “Children of the Revolution.”
A phone poll of 1,373 people by Ipsos MORI, released on Wednesday, put opposition to independence at 51 per cent and support at 49 per cent.
That means neither side can feel confident, given the margin of error of about plus or minus 3 per centage points. On Wednesday, Mr. Brown, himself a Scot, told a No campaign rally that the quiet majority of pro-Union Scots “will be silent no more,” while pro-independence leader Mr. Salmond urged voters to seize a democratic opportunity 307 years in the making.
Speaking at the wonderful Perth Concert Hall on the eve of Scotland's opportunity of a lifetime... #IndyRef #voteYes pic.twitter.com/ya6e6rcBnN
— Alex Salmond (@AlexSalmond) September 17, 2014
But it is, both sides acknowledge, a once-in-a-generation maybe once-in-a-lifetime choice that could redraw the map of the United Kingdom.
The gravity of the imminent decision was hitting home for many voters as political leaders made passionate, final pleas for their sides. More than 4.2 million people are registered to vote in the country of 5.3 million people.
Cathy Chance, who works for Britain’s National Health Service in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh, said she would leave Scotland if it became independent.
“I don’t want to live under a nation that’s nationalistic,” she said. “I don’t think the world needs another political barrier.”
On the other side, Yes campaigner Roisin McLaren said she was finally letting herself believe independence might be possible.
“My family has campaigned for independence for a long, long time, and it’s always been a pipe dream,” the Edinburgh University student said as she knocked on doors in a last-minute effort to convert wavering electors. “Just in the last few days it’s seemed possible, within reach. I can almost taste it.”
Watch Gordon Brown's speech from today's "Love Scotland Vote No" rally #indyref #bettertogether #voteno http://t.co/uqM14Ua9Xz
— Gordon & Sarah Brown (@OfficeGSBrown) September 17, 2014
Politicians on both sides expressed confidence in the Scottish public, but uncertainty rippled below the surface.
Opinion polls have failed to put either side decisively ahead. Bookmakers, however, told a different story. A winning £1 bet on Yes would pay out £5 from many bookies, while the same pound would return just £1.20 from a winning wager on No. One firm, Betfair, has already paid out on a No win.
Mr. Brown, Britain’s former leader, told supporters that the patriotic choice was to remain within the U.K.
“The vote tomorrow is not about whether Scotland is a nation we are, yesterday, today and tomorrow,” he said. “The vote tomorrow is whether you want to break and sever every link,” with the rest of the country.
Mr. Salmond, energetic leader of the Yes campaign, said Scots would seize “a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to take the future of this country into our hands”.
Despite gains in support for independence in recent weeks, Mr. Salmond said his side remained the underdog.
“However, as we know in life, in politics and certainly in this festival of democracy, underdogs have a habit of winning sometimes,” he said.
Amid the uncertainty, even the opinionated Rupert Murdoch hedged his bets. The media mogul, whose newspapers were long considered a powerful force in British elections, travelled to Scotland last week and wrote a series of tweets that seemed supportive of independence.
But on Wednesday his Scottish tabloid newspaper said it would not endorse either side. It ran opinion columns by Yes and No leaders and told Scots: “The Scottish Sun has faith in you to make the right choice.”
A Yes vote would trigger months of negotiations between Scotland and the British government over the messy details of independence, which Scottish authorities say will take effect on March 24, 2016, the anniversary of the date in 1707 that Scotland decided to unite with Britain.
In Edinburgh, an unscientific but popular sweet-toothed survey has backed pollsters’ predictions that the result will be close. For 200 days, the city’s Cuckoo Bakery has sold referendum cupcakes vanilla sponge with a centre of raspberry jam, topped with white chocolate icing in three versions, adorned with a Scottish Saltire, a British Union Jack or a question mark.
On Wednesday, the bakery announced the result of its cupcake referendum — 47.7 per cent No, 43.5 per cent Yes, and 8.8 per cent undecided.
Co-owner Vidya Sarjoo said the number of undecideds had plummeted over time.
“At first people really weren’t sure a bit scared, maybe, to make their decision,” she said.
The cupcakes, she stressed, “are all exactly the same flavour. And they all taste delicious.”

Power game: Even as Xi Jinping meets Narendra Modi  his troops violate IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SNB again pledges to defend the Swiss francAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

TN against teaching Hindi in varsities: Jayalalithaastate politics
The State Government directed Anna University and Alagappa University not to implement the UGC circular in this regard.
Asserting that the Tamil Nadu government would thwart any attempt “to impose” Hindi on the State, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said on Thursday that the University Grants Commission’s attempt to make Hindi a primary subject in undergraduate courses at State universities was “against the law”.
In a statement here, Ms. Jayalalithaa said the UGC circular was neither applicable to nor binding on the State universities. The Chief Secretary was asked to advise the universities to convey this to the UGC.
Citing an UGC circular, the DMK, the PMK and the MDMK had all charged the Centre with trying to impose Hindi. The circular was received only by Anna and Alagappa Universities on September 16, 2014, she said.
A perusal of the circular and the minutes of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti’s 30th meeting held on July 28, 2011, under the chair of the then Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh, showed the UGC had sought an action-taken report from universities on the introduction of Hindi as a primary language, along with English, in undergraduate courses and making it mandatory for law and commerce degrees.
The decision was taken because students of Gujarat’s recognised colleges graduated either in English or Hindi and lacked translation skills required for work in Central government departments. Therefore, it was decided that the UGC should ensure the Gujarat college students studied both English and Hindi. It was also decided to make Hindi mandatory for law and commerce degrees. “It is clear from this that the attempt to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken at the July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti,” she said.
As the DMK was part of the Congress-led UPA government, Ms. Jayalalithaa questioned why the DMK was silent. The AIADMK was firm that Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking States, she said.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, was clear that Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking States. As per the 1976 rules based on the Act, Tamil Nadu and a few other States were classified under ‘Zone C’, in which the communication between the Centre and the State should only be in English, she said. “Therefore, the UGC circular is not applicable at all to universities in Tamil Nadu.” At the State universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain as Part I, English as Part II and other related subjects as Part III.
At a time when she was seeking official language status for Tamil at the Centre, Ms. Jayalalithaa said, the UGC’s directive asking the State universities to teach Hindi along with English was not only “unacceptable” but also “against the law.”
Unacceptable: DMK
Meanwhile, reminding the Centre of the assurance given by the former Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, that English would remain an official language till non-Hindi speaking people wanted it to be, DMK president M. Karunanidhi termed unacceptable the recent comments of President Pranab Mukherjee and Home Minister Rajnath Singh on promoting Hindi at an event in New Delhi.
Quoting Mr. Mukherjee as saying that the websites of the Union Ministries and Departments would soon be launched in Hindi and the language had a special place among the 21 languages listed in the Eighth Schedule, Mr. Karunanidhi said that if the President of a pluralistic country like India, who was supposed to be neutral, took such a partisan stand, it meant that efforts were on to negate the assurance given by Mr. Nehru.
“Under no situation will the DMK compromise on the language issue,” he reiterated, listing the decisions of the BJP government to impose Hindi.

Yield-hungry markets overlook credit risk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fb43b0a-3ead-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold Recovers on Global Cues; Silver Remains WeakYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Recovers on Global Cues; Silver Remains Weak
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:55 (IST)
New Delhi: Gold prices recovered by Rs 50 to Rs 27,450 per ten gram in the national capital Thursday on scattered buying by jewellers, tracking a firming trend overseas.
However, silver remained under selling pressure and fell further by Rs 490 to Rs 41,000 per kg.
Traders attributed the recovery in gold prices to a better trend in global markets.
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, added 0.2 per cent to $1,225.54 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity rose by Rs 50 each to Rs 27,450 and Rs 27,250 per ten gram respectively. It had lost Rs 60 Wednesday.
Sovereign, however, remained flat at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in restricted buying from retailers.
On the other hand, silver ready declined by Rs 490 to Rs 41,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 280 to Rs 41,070 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 110 in the previous session.
Meanwhile, silver coins traded at last level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:54 (IST)

Apple iPhone 6 sales on hold in ChinaSep 18, 2014 at 04:09pm IST
Apple iPhone 6 sales on hold in China
3
0
Beijing: Apple's iPhone 6 received regulatory approval for use on domestic frequencies but still requires one more critical licence before it may be sold in the country, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Thursday.
Apple has not yet issued an iPhone 6 release date for China, one of its most important markets, leading to widespread speculation that it has encountered difficulty obtaining the requisite licences from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), which tests new phones before they may enter national telecom networks.
Apple still needs to obtain a critical network access licence for the iPhone, after which sales may begin, Xinhua said.
Apple CEO Tim Cook discusses the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus on Tuesday, September 9, 2014, in Cupertino, California. (AP Photo)
#apple #iphone 6 #apple #iphone
It remains unclear when the new iPhone will receive full clearance, although the report Thursday signals the process has not completely stalled.
Apple has not issued any comment about the iPhone's China launch aside from saying it is working to bring the device to the market as soon as possible.
3

Sensex rises 480 pts  most in 4 mths  on Fed policy  China tiesAshwani Gujral
(Domestic investors also…)
MUMBAI: Indian markets today rose the most in over three months with the benchmark Sensex jumping over 500 points in intraday trade, before closing the day at 27,112.21; up 481 points.
The broader 50-share Nifty shut shop at 8,114.75; up 139 points, as FIIs pumped funds on Fed's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a considerable time and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share BSE Sensex after opening in the negative zone rebounded to close above the key 27,000-mark for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points, or 1.81 per cent. This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points yesterday. The Fed policy announcement last night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth USD 20 billion in India over the next five years.
Key benchmark indices in China, Singapore, Taiwan and Japan rose by 0.02 per cent to 1.13 per cent, while indices in Hong Kong and South Korea fell 0.72 per cent to 0.85 per cent.
Europe was also trading higher as indices in France, Germany and the UK moved up by 0.34 per cent to 0.60 per cent.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "Indian equities continued to trade strong for the second day with the help of bluechips as global equities traded strong after the Fed stated that rate hikes would not happen for a considerable time."
In the 30-share Sensex pack, 28 scrips ended higher while only two finished lower.
Major gainers include Dr Reddy's Lab (3.34 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), NTPC (2.43 per cent), Wipro (2.40 per cent), ICICI Bank (2.37 per cent), SBI (2.21 per cent), TCS (1.86 per cent), Axis Bank (1.73 per cent) and Reliance Industries (1.67 per cent).
However Infosys dropped 1.08 per cent and HUL fell 0.58 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Realty rose by 4.65 per cent, Consumer Durables 3.17 per cent, Capital Goods 2.84 per cent, Power 2.23 per cent, Bankex 1.98 per cent, Healthcare 1.76 per cent, Oil&Gas 1.61 per cent and Metal 1.23 per cent.
"After steep recovery, its likely that markets would witness pause on Friday; however, stock specific move will keep the traders busy," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Total market breadth turned positive as 2,235 stocks closed in the green, 827 finished in the red while 94 ruled steady.
Today's 139.25-point gain is Nifty's biggest rise since June 2 (132.55 points).
The index is close to its all-time high and the momentum suggests that Nifty will soon hit a fresh high.
"The uncertainty relating to the FOMC was clarified yesterday and markets are confident of it. The Fed chief saying that rate hike will happen only by October next year gave a lot of sentiment boost and that was the key reason for the market rally ," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Mintdirect.com.
The US Federal Reserve has reduced its asset purchase program from $25 billion per month to $15 billion per month. It has also noted that the QE3 is likely to be terminated next month, if outlook remains conducive.
The US central bank did not give any clarity on the timing of a possible interest rate hike. It is expected low interest rates could be maintained for a considerable time even after assets purchases end.
"So as long as foreign money and positive newsflow from the government keep coming, this ride is not going to end so soon. We could see some small corrections but the secular trend is up and clearly even in this expiry my sense is anything above 8,150 looks possible, Gorakssakar added.
The Nifty witnessed a strong intraday pullback and is up nearly 180 points from day's low. This has made technical analysts bullish on the market.
"This sort of large range bars give confidence that now 7,950 is it. The market should move higher from here. The good thing is that all sectors whether it is banking, IT, large cap, everything is moving. This is a kind of thing which makes news highs so good chance that we should cross 8,200 in this go and maybe move higher from here, said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral.com to ET Now.
According to Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, the early highs of 8,180 will be revisited and possibly crossed.
"We should head towards 8,250-8,300 as the market has made a comeback with some kind of vengeance. The advance-decline is very strong and there is multisectoral participation. All these things point out that possibly the correction is clearly over and we are heading at higher levels," he told ET Now.
(With inputs from PTI)

43 Accused of Running Cybersex Ring in PhilippinesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Gogoi wants neutral SSB in violence-affected villages along NagalandborderPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:50 pm
More than a month after violent clashes  in villages along the Assam-Nagaland border left about 12 dead and nearly 10,000 displaced, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday requested Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to intervene and withdraw Nagaland Armed Police in some of the villages in the disputed area belt and deploy Sasashtra Seema Bal (SSB) as a neutral force there.
Gogoi, in a letter to Singh sent said presence of Nagaland Armed Police personnel in the violence-affected villages had stood in the way of the displaced Assamese people from returning to their homes. “The presence of Nagaland Armed Police has caused panic among the people and they are reluctant to return to their homes. It is necessary that Nagaland Armed Police is immediately withdrawn from the villages,” an official press note quoting Gogoi said.
Requesting the union home minister to intervene, Gogoi said the best way to ensure normalcy and smooth return of the displaced villagers was to initiate immediate measures to deploy Sashtra Seema Bal (SSB) as a neutral force in the affected villages along the border. “Necessary suitable directions may be passed to the government of Nagaland and SSB authorities for ensuring early return of the affected families from the relief camps,” Gogoi’s letter to Singh said.
“Delay in the return of the displaced persons to their homes may aggravate the law and order situation in the State. Sooner the people return to their villages, the better it is for maintenance of the law and order situation,” he added.
Earlier, when CM Gogoi reviewed the prevailing law and order situation along the Assam-Nagaland border last evening, state police and home department officials told him that the process of rehabilitation of displaced persons was hindered due to the presence of NAP personnel in some villages.
“Officials informed the chief minister that some Naga villagers backed by NSCN militants were creating obstruction in the process of rehabilitation of the displaced persons, thus creating a sense of insecurity and panic among the villagers,” the official press note issued by the CM’s office said. So far around 5,700 persons who were lodged in relief camps following the violent incidents have returned to their villages while 4,167 were still in the relief camps, it said.
“Rengma villagers threatened”
Meanwhile, the Rengma Naga People’s Council (RNPC) has alleged that eight women of the Rengma Naga community belonging to villages in Karbi Anglong district in Assam were waylaid by suspected Karbi militants at Borsuphon village under Chokihola police station, after which police refused to accept an FIR.
“While the women were subjected to physical harassment for more than two hours at gunpoint and robbed of their valuables including mobile phones, the Officer-in-Charge of Chokihola Police Station refused to take the written complaint as FIR.
The OC objected to the complaint referring to the fact they were harassed at gunpoint, and took the complaint only after they deleted the reference to guns,” a memorandum sent to the Karbi Anglong by the Rengma Naga People’s Council said.
It was in December, last year that several hundred Rengma Naga families were rendered homeless and at least six were killed in violent attack by armed Karbi People’s Liberation Tigers (KPLT) in Karbi Anglong district in Assam.

EPFO makes it mandatory to provide workers  bank account numbersYou are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO makes it mandatory to provide workers' bank account numbers
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 04.25PM IST
(EPFO has already captured…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO made it mandatory for firms to provide their employees' bank account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch to facilitate allotment of universal PF account number and payment to its subscribers.
The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation headquarters has asked its over 120 field offices to seek the core banking account numbers with IFSC code of bank branch for seeding the same with the portable Universal PF Account Number (UAN).
"...government issued direction ..to issue order making submission of Bank Accounts by the members mandatory in order to facilitate the allotment of UAN, proper implementation of the EPF Scheme, 1952 and removal of the difficulties in the matter of payment of accumulations in the Fund to members after they cease to be such members," an office order said.
EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan has said that these directives shall help the body in getting the bank account details of all the members which are necessary for making UAN operational.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 1.80 crore employees, PAN details in respect of 86.9 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 28.2 lakh employees.
The EPFO is in the process of making portable Universal PF Account Number (UAN) operational for its 4.17 crore contributing subscribers by October 15.
The body had started the process of seeding the 4.17 crore UANs with subscribers bank account numbers, PAN, Aadhaar and other Know-your-Customers (KYC) details to improve the delivery of its services in July this year.
As per the office order, the firms will have to furnish the information regarding the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of existing members by October 15.
Besides the employers shall provide the information regarding bank account and IFSC code in respect of previous members under their employment by October 31.
The order further stated that every employer henceforth will provide the core banking account number with IFSC code of the bank branch in respect of every new member on joining the Fund.
As per the order, the subscribers of the fund who are presently not employees of any establishment, will provide their core banking account numbers with IFSC code of the bank branch, a crossed cheque folio with member's name printed thereon and their previous PF account number themselves at any Regional or Sub-Regional Office of the EPFO. These category of members shall be provided this information by November 31.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bomb blast in Manipurs Ukhrul district kills twoPrint
Written by Esha Roy | Imphal | Posted: September 18, 2014 7:00 pm
A bomb blast in Manipur’s Ukhrul district yesterday evening killed two, injuring two others. The blast took place in front of Neetu Glass and Hardware store in Viewland colony in Ukhrul town. Ukhrul town is the district headquarters.
“We are yet to determine the nature of the bomb but we think it could have been an improvised explosive device. It was a busy time when many people were returning home, including the two deceased who just happened to be passing the area,’’ said acting SP Ukhrul Worngam Ningshen.
Ningshen said that while no group had claimed responsibility for the blast yet, the police had ruled out the NSCN IM as being responsible and thought that one of the other underground groups was responsible for the blast.
“So far investigations show that the bomb was probably planted as a threat for monetary extortion. It has nothing to do with the recent violence or incidents which have taken place in Ukhrul,’’said Ningshen.
Local organisations in Ukhrul called a total bandh today in protest of the blast.

Stocks rise at the openBy: William Cummings September 18, 2014 3:28 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were higher Thursday, as voters in Scotland head to the polls in an historic referendum on independence from England.
Here is where major market indexes stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated at 6:10 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.32%
S&P 500: + 0.36%
Nasdaq: + 0.34%
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 178.9 points, or 1.13%, to 16,067.57 points and the Shanghai Composite climbed 8.03 points, or 0.35%, to 2,315.93 points, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index lost 207.69 points, or 0.85%, to 24,168.72.
European benchmarks gained with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.50%, Germany’s DAX up 0.96% and France’s CAC-40 up 0.75%.
 

 Rupee Ducks Asia Forex Falls to End Higher at 60.83You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ducks Asia Forex Falls to End Higher at 60.83/Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 18:43 (IST)
Mumbai: The rupee gained on Thursday tracking a rally in domestic shares on hopes the country would retain its appeal to foreign investors, despite uncertainty about the outlook for US interest rates that hit other emerging markets.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.83/84 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.92/93 on Wednesday.
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but also indicated it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
Although emerging Asian currencies were hit, the rupee gained as Indian shares rose nearly 2 per cent on speculation of strong foreign buying due to improving domestic fundamentals.
"The turnaround in the stock market during the course of the day on back of various rumours changed the outlook for the pair," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank in Mumbai.
The rupee's modest gain stood out against the 0.27 to 0.81 per cent fall in the Indonesian rupiah, Korean won, Malaysian ringgit and the Philippine peso.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.10 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.15 billion.
Some traders said a report from a local news channel that Standard & Poor's would raise its rating on India also boosted shares and bonds, even as analysts said a full grade upgrade is unlikely given that India is at a "negative" outlook.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.17/22 while the three-month contract was at 61.76/86.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Wall Street Opens Up  S&P 500 Near RecordYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Opens Up, S&P 500 Near Record
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 19:13 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: US stocks opened higher on Thursday, with the S&P 500 on track to test resistance at its record high a day after the US Federal Reserve renewed its commitment to keeping interest rates low.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 38.76 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 17,195.61, the S&P 500 gained 4.73 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 2,006.3 and the Nasdaq Composite added 15.30 points, or 0.34 per cent, to 4,577.49.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

People want bungalow to be converted into memorial  says Ajit SinghSep 18, 2014 at 06:14pm IST
People want bungalow to be converted into memorial, says Ajit Singh
2
0
New Delhi: Days after power and water supplies to his official residence were disconnected, RLD chief Ajit Singh on Thursday said that he would vacate his government bungalow by next week but claimed people want the house to be converted into a memorial of his father, late Charan Singh.
The former Union minister also slammed the BJP for lack of "courtesy" saying though he cannot stay in the residence after ceasing to be a minister or a lawmaker, he should have been given time to vacate after he informed the government of his plans to leave by September 24.
"After BJP lost power in 2004, several of its leaders continued to occupy bungalows meant for ministers. When I have already informed them that I would leave by September 24, what was the need to cut power and water supply? I had written to the government seeking four months time to vacate the house. But there has been no response," Singh said.
"After BJP lost power in 2004, several of its leaders continued to occupy bungalows meant for ministers," Ajit Singh said.
#ajit singh #rld #tracking the modi government #bjp
He said that when there can be memorials for leaders like Lal Bahadur Shastri and Kanshi Ram, there can be one for his father, former Prime Minister Charan Singh also. "It is the wish of the people that 12 Tuglak Road be converted into a memorial. After all, Chaudhury sahib lived here for 36 years," he said.
He claimed that a housing tribunal issued an ex-parte order asking him to vacate the house. "Since it is a quasi-judicial body, I would have got a stay from the high court against an ex parte order. But since I have no plans to live here anymore, I did not approach a higher court... I told them that I am hunting for a house and would move out after 'pitra paksha' (period when Hindus pay homage to their ancestors)," he said.
Responding to agitation against his eviction orders, the former Union minister said it has been organised by Kisan Union and other bodies. "The government should be sensitive to their demand. It should open a dialogue with them. They see it as Charan Singh's house," he said.
Thousands of RLD supporters today took out a march towards Muradnagar and pelted stones at police during a protest against the eviction notice and in the subsequent police baton charge, at least 18 people were injured.
10

Delhi: BJP s Satish Upadhyay resigns as SDMC Standing Committee chairman9
1
New Delhi: BJP's Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay on Thursday resigned as the chairman of the Standing Committee of South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC) to "focus on party responsibilities".
"I have resigned as the chairman of SDMC's Standing Committee. I thought I was not being able to focus on two things. And, now I have to focus on party responsibilities," Upadhyay said after putting in his papers.
Asked if the party was bracing up for the impending Delhi polls, the 52-year-old politician, who recently took over the party mantle, said, "we are ready for everything".
"I have resigned as the chairman of SDMC's Standing Committee. I thought I was not being able to focus on two things. And, now I have to focus on party responsibilities," Upadhyay said.
#delhi #bjp #sdmc #satish upadhyay
"We are all charged up and our party is ready for everything. I now will be focussing on my party works after serving the municipal body for so many years," he said.
Upadhyay said that he might have quit as the head of the civic body panel but, "I am still part of the 'nigam' (corporation)". "My experience of working with SDMC as a councillor will stand me in good stead ahead. It will only take me higher in my political career," he said.
"I just had my last meeting (as part of the committee). And whether in the ruling party or in the opposition, it was a wonderful experience working at SDMC," he said. Upadhyay became a councillor from Malviya Nagar in 2012, and assumed greater responsibilities as a chairman of the education committee of SDMC.
Helming the department, he brought pioneering changes including the installation of CCTV cameras in the mid-day meal kitchens of SDMC, the first municipal corporation to do so. "Even if I am leaving, our agenda here will still be there. There are able men who will carry forward the work, initiated by me, whether it is prompt delivery of birth and death certificates,or 'dhalao-free' SDMC or ISO certifications for our medical services or quality education in our municipal schools," he said.
After heading the education committee for two years, he was unanimously elected as the chairman of the standing committee of the south corporation earlier this year.
8

Delhi: NGT sets September 30 deadline for units to apply for borewells2
1
New Delhi: The National Green Tribunal on Thursday directed all unauthorised borewell units operating without its consent in Bawana and Narela industrial areas here to apply according to norms by September 30.
A bench, headed by Justice Swatanter Kumar, directed that any unit which is operating illegally and without submitting the application shall be sealed thereafter.
It directed that any unit which has installed or has been operating borewells without submitting applications should do so by September 30 along with deposits of the amounts stated in the tribunal's August 22 order.
The tribunal had on August 22 directed DJB to collect a water cess of Rs 50,000 per year from all water-packaging industries in Bawana and Narela for extracting ground water from its inception till December 31, 2012.
#ngt #delhi #delhi government #borewells
"Any unit which is operating illegally and without submitting the application along with the requisite amount by the afore-stated date shall be sealed by the team as already directed," the bench said.
It also directed that all the applications which are filed by September 30 shall be disposed of by the competent authority expeditiously. It also ordered that the Delhi Pollution Control Committee and Delhi Jal Board (DJB) in consultation with the city government shall file a status report of complete compliance of all the directions on October 29, the next date of hearing.
The tribunal had on August 22 directed DJB to collect a water cess of Rs 50,000 per year from all water-packaging industries in Bawana and Narela for extracting ground water from its inception till December 31, 2012.
It had asked other industrial units in the area to pay Rs 20,000 per year per borewell. The tribunal's order came on the petitions filed by the NGT Bar Association and Raj Hans Bansal, who had opposed the illegal use of groundwater in Delhi.
1

Tihar jailer  son arrested for allegedly burning daughter-in-law28
1
New Delhi: Tihar jailer Gyan Singh and his son Nitin have been arrested by the Delhi police for trying to kill a woman by burning her.
The woman is the accused man Nitin's wife. They have been charged under sections 498, 307 (attempt to murder) and 34 (common intention). The daughter- in-law of the jailer was admitted to a hospital with 65% burn injuries on Wednesday.
She gave a statement indicting her husband and father-in-law of burning her. The duo was arrested on Thursday from the Vasant Kunj area of south Delhi.
She gave a statement indicting her husband and father-in-law of burning her. The duo was arrested on Thursday from the Vasant Kunj area of south Delhi.

Ragas evoke the rainsUpdated: September 18, 2014 19:38 IST
Ragas evoke the rains
Rakesh Chaurasia and Anil Srinivasan, performing at Banyan Tree's Barkha Ritu. Photo: R. Ravindran
T.M. Krishna. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
Hindustani Classical
Rakesh Chaurasia, Anil Srinivasan and T.M. Krishna create a magical mood at Banyan Tree’s ‘Barkha Ritu.’
There is a certain comfort level in the usual. There is anticipation of the good quality and the assurance, that the artists in question will enthrall the audiences. And given the choice of artists for that evening the expectation was fulfilled during the thematic presentation by Banyan Tree’s ‘Barkha Ritu,’ at the Music Academy on September 12.
For 13 years, Banyan Tree has been putting together some of the best artists in various permutations. The seasons are used to bring about the mood and the music and some of the best concerts have been in this combination.
‘Barkha Ritu,’ which featured Rakesh Chaurasia, Anil Srinivasan and T.M. Krishna, was in two segments. The first one was in a piano - flute synergy and the second, a vocal recital. Both were brief and both sets of artists held the audience’s attention easily.
In the piano-flute recital, there was a deep adherence to the idea of the Barkha Ritu or the monsoon – which is more possible in the Hindustani style, the Malhar being the most notable one. A piece in Bhimpalas followed by Dharanshri Thillana wove serenity and melody effortlessly. It didn’t seem to matter that the playing had to be restricted, given the time constraint, as a raga like Malhar can deepen and soften in close to an hour. It was more like glimpses of the magical proportion of how instruments can combine and draw out the essence of the raga.
Rakesh Chaurasia, a consummate artist, whose flute in combination with the fascinating tabla playing by Satyajit Talwalkar, drew visual imageries of what it would be like during the monsoons; of Krishna dancing with his gopis - and much more that flooded the mind while listening to it. In a soft unobtrusive manner, Anil Srinivasan played the piano. He generally ensures sensitivity when it comes to blending with other artists, and that day he displayed flashes of poignancy adding to the holistic approach.
The second half belonged to T.M. Krishna – who in his inimitable style, explained his approach to what Barkha Ritu meant to him. He chose compositions and ragas, not necessarily associated with the rains or the monsoon season in the widely understood manner - but put his own ideas into them. For instance, the first Tyagaraja kriti, ‘Venugana’ (Kedaragowle), describes Krishna. And Krishna is often associated with ‘nature’ and therefore rain is part of it. He was born on a dark and rainy night. The picture is therefore drawn.
A ‘contemporary’ piece, ‘Kathamaham’ (RK Shriramkumar), as described by him, dwelt on nature and creation, was in beautiful Bhairavi with a wholesome alapana and the Tagore song, ‘Esho Shyeamolu Shundoro’ in Desh was beautiful in its rendition.
Akkarai Subbulakshmi on the violin was a perfect combination for T.M. Krishna’s voice and played with restraint, but not lacking in passion. The other accompaniments, Melakaveri Balaji (mridangam) and Anirudh Athreya (ganjira) completed the ‘picture’. The evening indeed was about imagery created through music!

Tata Steel opens new line in the NetherlandsTata Steel opens new line in the Netherlands
Book on Modi s life to come out in NovemberBook on Modi s life to come out in November
Havaianas to open first store in New YorkHavaianas to open first store in New York
India Inc beats China peers on valuation ratiosIndia Inc beats China peers on valuation ratios
Vegetable oil prices unlikely to fall until November‘Vegetable oil prices unlikely to fall until November’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 18:  
Vegetable oil prices, which are rising once again after falling to record lows in early September, are now likely to fall only after Diwali as domestic production steps-up on revival of monsoon in growing regions of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh, an expert said here on Thursday.
Due to abundant supply of soybean, cotton, rapeseed and sunflower crops, international price of these crops and their oil have come down in the last few months. The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has estimated higher soybean crop in America and all-time high rapeseed and sunflower crops in European Union. The EU’s oilseeds crop outlook report for September, published on Monday, has mentioned this.
Back home, cotton acreage is higher by 12 % compared to last year; while castor acreage is likely to rise by around 5% by the end of this month.
“Vegetable oil industry is facing pressure from both demand and supply side. Global supply of oilseeds crops is likely to increase due to higher output estimates from major producers such as the US, EU, Brazil and Argentina. Declining palm oil prices have put pressure on prices of edible oils,” said Raju Choksi, Vice-President (Agri Commodities), Anil Nutrients Ltd.
He said rainfall in September in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh have improved condition of soybean, cotton and groundnut crops, while it will help rapeseed acreage in Rabi season. “Lower international prices of soybean oil and sunflower oil have boosted their imports; while declining palm oil prices is putting pressure on domestic prices of these vegetable oils.”
However, markets for edible oils have started looking up since the last week and are likely to remain steady to firm in face of seasonal demands. Prices may soften post Diwali when domestic crushing peaks, he added.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Mahindra ties up with Snapdeal for pre-booking of ScorpioMahindra ties up with Snapdeal for pre-booking of Scorpio
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 07:30 PM IST
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra has tied up with Snapdeal for online pre-bookings of the company's upcoming new version of SUV Scorpio.
"We wanted to open pre-bookings for the new Scorpio a week ahead of the launch. So, apart from letting customers book at our showrooms, we also decided to add more to their convenience by allowing them to book online by tying up with Snapdeal," Mahindra & Mahindra Senior Vice-President (Sales and Customer Care, Automotive Division) Vijay Nakra told PTI.
The new version of the company's sports utility vehicle Scorpio is being launched on September 25.
He said customers would have to complete formalities for purchase of the new Scorpio at its dealerships even if it is booked online.
As of now, the partnership would be restricted only to the week ahead of the launch.
"We will have to see how it pans out after the launch," he said when asked if the online booking would be continued in future too.
Snapdeal officials could not be reached for comments. However, according to information available on its website, the booking amount will be Rs 20,000 and vehicle delivery will take four to six weeks after booking on Snapdeal.
While e-commerce has been growing fast in India and items like mobile phones are increasingly sold online, not many auto company has explored this avenue. In 2013, Nissan India had attempted to sell cars in India via online and make its entire product line-up available for purchase through Internet.

Columbia Asia to set up 8 hospitals across AsiaColumbia Asia to set up eight hospitals across Asia
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014 08:52 PM IST
International chain of hospitals, Columbia Asia, which inaugurated its Ahmedabad facility today, plans to invest around $180 million (or around Rs 900 crore) over the next four years to add eight new hospitals across India, Indonesia and Malaysia. Of this, India would get three 150-bed hospitals.
For the 104-bed multi-speciality Ahmedabad hospital the Group has invested close to Rs 100 crore. This is the 11th property of Columbia Asia in India. “We will concentrate on areas like Bangalore, National Capital Region and Pune for the upcoming hospitals. The overall investment is not decided yet,” said Tufan Ghosh, chief executive officer, Columbia Asia Hospitals.
The Group operates around 1200 beds across its eleven facilities in India and the country accounts for nearly 45 per cent of its global revenues.
The India turnover for 2013-14 was around Rs 500 crore. The organised healthcare business in the country is growing at 23-25 per cent growth rate, said Nandakumar Jairam, chairman and managing director of Columbia Asia Hospitals.

IIFL Holdings appoints woman directorIIFL Holdings appoints woman director
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 07:24 PM IST
IIFL Holdings has decided to appoint Geeta Mathur as an Independent Director following a board meeting on Thursday.
The company also declared an interim dividend of three rupees.
The stock closed at Rs.156.9 on Thursday, up 6.45%.
New corporate governance norms require the appointment of at least one woman director to company boards.
The deadline for the same was extended from October 1, to April 1 earlier in the week.

TCS leads over Indian peers in execution  innovationTCS leads Indian peers, says global survey
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Sep 18, 2014 11:45 PM IST
Clients see Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) as the only local information technology (IT) company strong on two important parameters, implementation and innovation, said a study.
It was conducted by America-based HfS Research and KPMG last month. The annual survey, state of services & outsourcing, covered 312 global clients, 347 advisors and consultants, and 420 participants from the companies that manage IT and business operations.
“IT-outsourced service providers, such as TCS, are leading the way in terms of buyer perceptions, both on innovation and execution, relative to their peers,” said Charles Sutherland, executive vice-president of research at HfS Research.
The country’s second- and third-largest in the sector, Infosys and Wipro, respectively, were seen as strong on implementation but weak on innovation. This could mean if their areas of execution become less significant, these may become candidates for churning, the report added.
Smaller companies iGate, Xerox, Fujitsu, Unisys and CSC scored low in the survey. “For these, the task ahead is to increase awareness of their capabilities and, in particular, to highlight investments in innovation,” said Sutherland.
Almost half the survey participants said they would look at switching their existing IT service providers for several reasons. While 15 per cent said they planned to do so at the renewal cycle, 12 per cent said they planned to move some or all of the outsourced work in-house. As many as 23 per cent said they wanted to switch their provider but were still working through the practicalities of doing so.
“Some of this (dissatisfaction) may be the result of long-standing contracts where it is harder to repeat the level of savings initially achieved and booked for first-generation contracts,” said Sutherland. "But when combined with the results of a perception study of the IT outsourcing service providers, it may be that the larger issue is the market is increasingly fragmenting and certain providers (specially some entrants like Amazon and Google) are just changing the market at such a speed, that a new level of dissatisfaction with the previous status quo is setting in.”

Child Passenger Safety Week raises awareness for what most parents get wrongChildren under one year old should always ride in a rear-facing car seat and should continue to do so until he or she reaches the top height or weight limit allowed by your car seat’s manufacturer.
Forward-facing car seats:
Use five-point harness systems until the child reaches the maximum height and weight limits as specified by your car seat’s manufacturer, typically until the child is seven years old.
Booster seats:
Booster seats make up the grayest area for parents in terms of child seat safety. A recent study by Safe Kids Worldwide found that seven out of ten parents did not know that a child should be at least 57 inches (4’9”) and between 80 and 100 pounds to ride in a car using a seat belt without a booster seat. Nine of ten parents moved their child from a booster seat before the child was big enough.
For a seat belt to fit properly, according to NHTSA , the lap belt portion must lie snugly across the upper thighs, not the stomach. The shoulder belt should not cross the neck or face.

Scotlands tryst with destinyScotland’s tryst with destiny
VIDYA RAM
The Scottish independence referendum features a curious mix of emotion and economics
September 17, 2014:  
On October 27 1995, around 60,000 Canadians from across the country made their way to Place du Canada in downtown Montreal to call for Quebecois to vote “No” to a sovereign Quebec. Three days later Quebec residents voted by a wafer thin majority to remain in Canada: 50.6 per cent to 49.4 per cent.
Organisers of a rally that took place in Trafalgar Square, London, this week, will be hoping that the gathering of several thousands from across the country (certainly no way close to the numbers who gathered in Montreal) will spur those crucial undecided Scots to vote to remain in the United Kingdom on Thursday.
From 28 per cent in late September 2012, the “Yes” to independence campaign has gained ground rapidly — some, including an early September poll for the Sunday Times, have even put them slightly ahead of the pro-union Better Together campaign. Three of the most recent surveys from the weekend put the “No” campaign ahead, but only just, while one for the Sunday Telegraph gives the Yes campaign an eight point lead (54 per cent to 46).
Economy in focus
Emotions abound in the discussion — evident in everything from the heated televised political debates that took place between the leaders of the Yes and No campaigns, to the heckling of politicians, to protests outside the offices of the BBC’s Glasgow offices to protest supposed bias in favour of the “Yes” campaign. However, the factor likely to dominate — particularly in the mind of the still undecided — is the economy, and whether the Yes campaign has managed to do a good enough job making the economic and business case for change.
The economic case for an independent Scotland has, by and large, been drowned out by the huge attention given to its pitfalls, as viewed by pro-unionists.
Those arguments have largely hinged around the uncertainties that would be created for a new state — much of whose architecture and substance would have to be thrashed out with politicians in Westminster in the event of a yes vote. What currency an independent Scotland would use has been at the centre of the debate. Entering a currency union with the rest of the UK, is something Westminster has repeatedly rejected, while the option of using the pound or pegging to it would leave it bound by interest rate and policy decisions made in London.
Other options such as joining the euro, or creating a currency of its own also leave much room for uncertainty. In any case, pro-unionists argue, it would be unlikely that the Bank of England would be willing to bailout Scottish banks in the event of a future banking crisis.
The economic and regulatory uncertainty that would be inevitable around the creation of a new currency has also triggered numerous warnings about a loss of business from across sectors. The Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds TSB have both warned that they would shift headquarters south of the border (though operations would largely remain the same), while members of Scotland’s shipbuilding industry have raised alarm bells about what would happen to the sector, given projections of lower defence spending and naval procurement in an independent state.
Scotland’s ability to live up to the welfare pledges made by many of the parties and groups supporting independence — including the SNP and the Radical Independence Campaign — have also been questioned by those who question its capacity to create a Nordic-style oil economy. Sir Ian Wood, a Scottish oil tycoon, has warned that the SNP’s claims of oil reserves amounting to 24 billion barrels are overestimates and the true figure is closer to 15 to 16.6 billion barrels; by 2050 production would be down to around 250,000 barrels a day.
Oil and beyond
The conclusion of the pro-unionists is stark. In a widely circulated report published last week, a Deutsche Bank economist concluded that a vote for independence would be a “political and economic mistake as large as Winston Churchill’s decision in 1925 to return the pound to the Gold Standard or the failure of the Federal Reserve to provide sufficient liquidity to the US banking system, which we now know brought on the Great Depression in the US.”
Yet, despite the steady stream of negativity particularly about the economic potential of an independent Scotland, the Yes campaign has continued to gain momentum — and with good reason.
The economic case against it is far from made. Just as there is no assurance that a Scotland would be able to enter a currency union with the rest of the United Kingdom, there is no certainty that this couldn’t happen following negotiations with Westminster. Many within the Yes campaign question whether, at the end of the day, the Bank of England would allow a bank (albeit a Scottish one) using its currency to fail, with major repercussions for the UK too.
The country is also far less dependent on oil revenues than many suggest: oil accounts for some 10 per cent of tax revenues against over a quarter for oil states, with industries from food and beverage to manufacturing and financial services accounting for a sizable chunk of revenues.
According to the latest figures from the Scottish government, exports (including those to the rest of the UK) amounted to just under £74 billion in 2012, excluding oil and gas revenues. Besides, claims of dwindling reserves seem to go against the huge investment made in recent years by oil companies, including BP, and BG.
But perhaps the biggest question the No campaign has failed to tackle are the possibilities for investment and growth under an independent Scotland. In the late 1970s the British Labour government infamously deliberated over but failed to introduce an oil fund — something that has proved immensely beneficial to other European oil producers such as Norway, which has the world’s largest sovereign wealth fund, with over $600 billion in assets.
Among the proposals of the SNP is the introduction of such a fund — once the initial fiscal challenges have been met — with the potential to invest in domestic infrastructure and growth, as well as make overseas investments.
Scotland, by contrast, has so far seen limited benefits of the profits reaped from North Sea oil, being part of a union where much investment into infrastructure has been frittered away into London and the South East of England. (It is noteworthy that a number of business people including Nat Puri, an Indian-origin businessman, are backing independence in the hope it will lead to a re-balancing of the UK economy away from London).
Writing in the Scotsman newspaper earlier this week, Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz warned against the “fear-mongering” and “arcane” monetary issues that seems to have taken hold of the debate and urged Scots to focus on the meatier and more crucial question of whether an independent Scotland would be better able to deliver the increasingly different aspirations Scotland had to the rest of the UK, such as its continued commitment to free education (domestic students do not pay tuition fees in Scotland, unlike south of the border), a less restrictive immigration policy, and a less unforgiving welfare system.
Whether the potential for such change, or the uncertainty surrounding those arcane issues, dominate will become apparent in the next 48 hours.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

The biggest problem with labour lawsThe biggest problem with labour laws
KR Shyam Sundar
Tweet
Standout features What are they in the case of a workers’ union? JOSE IGNACIO SOTO / SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Our existing trade union law is outdated. The absence of norms for fixing the representative union scares investors
Industry has been clamouring for core labour law reforms. The demand is for flexibility in terms of freedom to hire contract labour, the freedom to retrench workers and close down undertakings without prior government endorsement, and the freedom to introduce technological changes that involve loss of employment. Further, they want a liberal labour inspection system and a rational and modern system of records compliance.
The employers may have a case, at least with some of the demands. But there are other compelling issues which hurt industrial relations governance at the plant level, the resolution of which would also enhance the competitiveness of the firms. The employers seem to have forgotten this in their quest for labour flexibility. One core issue is the absence of a central law providing for a mechanism to determine the collective bargaining agent.
If there are multiple trade unions fighting for their respective rights it could lead to the worsening of industrial relations governance, even if the employer enjoys labour flexibility. This has been demonstrated by recent industrial conflicts. It is well known that trade unions, under certain conditions, could in fact contribute to the enhancement of productive efficiency and reduce transaction and monitoring costs. The World Bank has endorsed this recently. To the ILO, trade unions are fundamental to a decent and just workplace. To be sure, there are “union bads” as there are “inefficient and fraudulent firms”.
Archaic laws
As archaic as any other labour law is the Trade Unions Act, 1926. Cast in the colonial period and constructed along the lines of the then prevailing British law it merely provides for voluntary registration of trade unions, affords certain kinds of protection and regulates rather severely the internal affairs of the trade unions.
With a rather liberal eligibility condition of seven members for formation of a trade union and given the splintered nature of Indian society and polity, these fostered an unbearable multiplicity of trade unions resulting in intra-union splits. It took exactly 75 years to cure this malady! In 2001, the law was amended to raise the eligibility conditions for the formation of trade unions.
The protective clauses of the law were rendered technically superfluous once the Constitution established the fundamental right of association. What was more essential was to provide for mechanisms for “recognition” of trade unions by the employers, lest even a minority trade union shake the foundations of business.
Missed opportunities
While Bombay Province enacted the controversial Bombay Industrial Relations Act in 1946, the Central Government let slip a couple of opportunities to legislate for union recognition in 1947 and 1950. Maharashtra again led the labour movement by enacting, in 1971, the Maharashtra Recognition of Trade Unions and Prevention of Unfair Labour Practices Act. Meanwhile, violent industrial conflicts broke out in Bombay (as it was called then) and Tamil Nadu, casting their baleful shadow on industrial relations for many years to come. Labour relations in Tamil Nadu took a turn for the worse as labour wings associated with the ruling party sought to superimpose themselves on industry with the connivance of the ruling party. The long and bloody Bombay textile strike in the 1980s rendered around 0.2 million workers unemployed.
Yet, the Central Government remained unfazed, blaming trade unions for not coming to an agreement on how to determine the bargaining agent. In other words, the contention was over the method to be used to determine the primary union, namely the membership verification method, the check-off method (where each member individually sends letters to the management to deduct membership fees in favour of a particular union) and the secret ballot method. The dominance of Intuc and the long rule of its political mentor, the Congress, helped sustain the stalemate. State-level laws and a voluntary code of discipline were considered sufficient to deal with this issue. Several commissions and committees (re)visited these issues, in vain.
Thanks to the fact that Labour is in the Concurrent List of the Constitution, several State governments such as Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Kerala and Bihar, have legislated rules and regulations for the determination of a collective bargaining agent. The long industrial conflict in MRF’s plant in Tiruvallur in Tamil Nadu in 2009 over recognition of the trade union further exposed the inadequacies in the Central law and revealed imbalances in the legal structure on trade unions.
An irrational position
Strangely enough, Central/state government cite the need for labour flexibility to attract foreign investment, without addressing the elephant in the room, as it were: the absence of norms to define which trade union is entitled to make it to the negotiating table. Hence, foreign firms complain that they need a clear cut industrial relations framework at the firm level.
It is another matter that India, unlike its neighbours in South Asia, has not ratified the Fundamental ILO Conventions on freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining even after 65 years of their adoption. The indifference on the part of employers and trade unions on this issue is striking. Trade unions, if only to make themselves attractive in these adverse times, should demand legal mechanisms to set their house(s) in order.
The Government, the employers and the trade unions need to apply their minds on this crucial, in fact basic issue of union recognition, before they consider other reform measures.
The writer is with XLRI
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Modified Plan PanelTweet
That’s fine, but what’s the alternative?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has rightly decided to infuse innovative thinking into the development process and replace the Planning Commission with a suitably reformed body.
This thinking is based mainly on three considerations. First, many think the Commission is a hurdle in quick decision making. Second, it encroaches upon the autonomy of States in spending funds allotted to them, which is against the federal system. Third, and the most important, reason is that the Plan Panel should mostly work as a “Think Tank” — an advisory body.
Few would disagree on these. However, the Government must be very clear on what it exactly wants to do.
The Chinese model
It appears that the new panel is being modelled on the National Development and Reforms Commission (NRDC) of China. The NDRC is also responsible for processing and providing economic information/statistics to its provincial governments and central departments.
In India, a similar role is already being performed by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MSPI). The Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) under MSPI collects, collates and analyses information and provides it to all ministries, States, foreign missions and several other organisations.
This is in addition to the CSO’s two important functions of preparing National Accounts and Industrial Statistics reports. The MSPI also performs the function of project implementation and monitoring.
The question is whether the new panel will also perform the functions of MSPI. If it will, the MSPI will have a restricted role. There is need for clarity on this before the new panel’s scope is decided.
In the proposed set-up, the allocation of funds to States and Central ministries is sought to be made by the Ministry of Finance (MoF), instead of the Planning Commission.
It raises a question, does the finance ministry have the necessary expertise to scrutinise the schemes of States and Central ministries like the Plan Panel?
Certainly not. It means that the Ministry of Finance needs to be strengthened with subject matter experts. Does it really not mean that, we are adding to the existing strength of the finance ministry?
And, if the current crop of experts with the Planning Commission were to join the MoF for this role, that would run the risk of old thinking persisting, defeating the very purpose of reforming the Plan Panel.
Expert issues
Earlier, plans were being prepared by the Commission in consultation with the States and Central ministries. Under the new dispensation, it is not yet clear who would perform this function.
Also, who would carry out mid-term appraisal of plan implementation — MoF? Does it have the competent staff?
We also have to take a call on the future of the Programme Evaluation Organisation and some divisions of the Planning Commission. Would they be pruned or, in part, shifted to MoF?
The National Development Council (headed by the Prime Minister, chief ministers, Central cabinet ministers and advisors to the Plan Panel as its members) is responsible for approving our national development agenda.
It would thus be appropriate to organise a meeting of the NDC, before taking any decision on replacing the Commission with a new body.
If these precautions are not taken, the new body will be just old wine in a new bottle.
The writer is a former director of the CSO
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Goodbye pap smear  hello urine test Cervical cancer screenings could be in for some change.By Abby Phillip September 17 Follow @abbydphillip
If only they were all this pleasant. (CBS entertainment/Monty Brinton)
It may be a little too soon to officially say goodbye to the pap smear (or good riddance), but we may be getting closer to a time when it is no longer the frequent and unpleasant experience that it is for some woman.
Years ago, the cervical exam, which included an uncomfortable (and in some cases painful) process of extracting samples from the uterus to test for signs of cervical cancer, required an annual slog to the doctor's office.
Over the last few years a slew of groups, including the United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF), the American Cancer Society, the American College of Physicians and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, have recommended against making the pap smear a regular part of annual visits for most healthy, low-risk women who are not pregnant.
Now a new study by British and Spanish researchers  is taking a look at the evidence in favor of replacing a lot of pap tests with a simple, non-invasive urine test. The urine test would screen for human papillomavirus (HPV), which causes cervical cancer in some cases.
The researchers analyzed 14 high quality studies that looked at the effectiveness of urine tests compared to the traditional pap smear for detecting the presence of all HPV, as well as high-risk strains of HPV. And they found that under certain conditions, the urine test was accurate, though not as accurate as the pap smear, for HPV detection.
Compared to the pap smear, the urine test produced a positive HPV test result 87 percent of the time, and a negative HPV test result 94 percent of the time. When it comes to the high-risk strands of HPV, the urine test was less accurate compared to the pap smear.
The results also indicated that the tests were more accurate when the sample was taken form the first void urine (usually at the beginning of the day) rather than mid-stream or random urine samples.
So is it time to fast-track the urine test?
Potentially. The pap smear has been on the medical scene for more than 75 years . In that time it has become standard practice for gynecologists, producing impressive results in  reducing rates of cervical cancer in the United States, according to Kevin Ault, a gynecologist at the University of Kansas Hospital.
"The pap smear is frequently called the most successful screening test ever," Ault said in an interview. "We've reduced cancer rates 70 to 80 percent in the U.S. It's got a great track record."
Still, about 12,000 people are diagnosed with cervical cancer every year. And false positives, plus the discomfort of the procedure, can turn women away from the doctors's office when doctors want more women to get screened before they develop cancer.
Ault noted that when a urine test for chlamydia was introduced, for example, it eliminated the need for uncomfortable, invasive examinations with teens, and freed them to talk about other issues like contraception and safe sex. With the approval of a more accurate urine test for HPV (which is still some time away), a similar trend might occur.
"I think what I usually tell my patients is that now you get a chance to talk about a lot of other things that may have been shortchanged, like planing a pregnancy or using another form of birth control," said Ault.
 
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Parade magazine gets a new ownerParade magazine gets a new owner
Parade Magazie
Parade Magazine is being sold.
Parade Magazine is being sold.
Parade magazine, a Sunday supplement in the Chicago Tribune and more than 700 other papers, gets a new owner
Parade magazine has deep Chicago roots and a new owner
Parade magazine, a longtime Sunday supplement in the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times and more than 700 other newspapers, is getting a new owner.
Nashville-based Athlon Media Group has entered into an agreement to purchase Parade and Dash magazines from Parade Media Group, which is owned by Advance Publications.
The purchase price was not disclosed.
cComments
Parade Magazine used to be my favorite part of the news to read. For years it has been an absolute waste of ink and paper to even present such pitiful junk to readers and the News Papers should have tossed them out years ago and find someone with credibility and talent!
leehardy2008
2
“The opportunity to acquire these marquee brands is very exciting,” Chuck Allen, president and CEO of  Athlon Media Group, said in a statement. “Parade and Dash position the company to have the most effective and efficient advertising and retail activation reach of any media group across the U.S.”
Parade magazine has deep Chicago roots. It was launched in 1941 as Parade, The Weekly Picture Newspaper,  by Marshall Field III, founder of the Chicago Sun, predecessor to the Chicago Sun-Times. In 1958, Field Enterprises sold Parade to New York financier John Hay Whitney. Parade was purchased by Booth Newspapers in 1973, and became a subsidiary of Advance Publications three years later.
The Chicago Tribune began distributing Parade in 1994, when it moved from the Chicago Sun-Times.
Parade has a weekly circulation of 32 million homes and Dash, a food magazine, has a circulation of 8.8 million, according to the companies.  Digital assets Parade.com and DashRecipes.com are also part of the acquisition.
"We are confident that Athlon will provide a good home for Parade and Dash," Jack Haire, Parade Media Group CEO, said in a statement.
rchannick@tribune.com

Sears outlet site invites shoppers to make an offer0
Like the airline booking service Priceline, the service invites customers to name their price. An algorithm works behind the scenes to determine whether to accept it, based on thresholds established by the retailer, or come back with a counteroffer. Searsoutlet.com generally negotiates a 1 to 10 percent discount — which, for a $2,000 refrigerator, can mean savings as small as $20, but that's often not the point.
"If people get any percent, they seem to be very happy," Franzen said. "People have control over their destiny."
The retailer is always testing elements of the service, so some shoppers in a control group may not get the offer to negotiate.
Netotiate, which takes a 3 to 7.5 percent cut of sales made through its service, has generated $80 million in sales for its clients, Javits said. The average discount negotiated is 5 percent, though some retailers bargain with other offers, like free shipping, he said.
The Tie Bar to open Lincoln Park pop-up: With a new CEO and new Chicago headquarters, online men's accessories retailer The Tie Bar is dipping into the world of bricks and mortar.
The Tie Bar, which sells on-trend neckties, cuff links, pocket squares and other accessories starting at $15, plans to open a two-month pop-up shop Oct. 17 at 918 W. Armitage Ave. in the Lincoln Park neighborhood.
"Opening a physical retail space in Chicago is a natural evolution for the brand," said CEO Michael Alter, who took the helm of the decade-old company in April. "Our pop-up gives customers the chance to touch and feel our products."
The 3,200-square-foot space, the first physical location for the brand, will have exposed brick, throw rugs and local art to "showcase a modern, masculine design with a slight rustic twist," the company said in a news release.
"Ultimately, we wanted to create an environment that guys would want to hang out in," said Allyson Wicha Lewis, vice president of merchandising.
The Tie Bar is moving its headquarters from Naperville to Chicago, where it has leased 6,897 square feet at 224 N. Desplaines St. in the West Loop, an increasingly popular spot for tech offices. The company has been growing fast, Alter has said, with revenues of $16 million in 2013, up from $10 million in 2010.
Benetton closes Chicago store: The United Colors of Benetton has closed its Magnificent Mile store, the last Chicago-area outpost of the Italian clothing brand.
Benetton, which had been in The Shops at North Bridge since the mall opened in 2000, closed in mid-August, said Erica Strama, senior marketing manager of the mall.
Benetton representatives did not respond to requests for comment. Store associates in neighboring shops said they were surprised by the abrupt closing.
Strama declined to provide details about what led to the closing but said the "leasing team is working to find the perfect complement for the space. Retail is about what is new and fresh and we look forward to the opportunity to bring a compelling new concept to this space."
Benetton, popular in the 1980s for its brightly colored knits and edgy multicultural advertising campaigns, has closed many stores as competition from fast-fashion brands like Zara increased. Its Oak Park shop closed in 2010 and a Lincoln Park shop closed in 2012.
Strama didn't know if the prime mall spot would be filled before the holiday shopping season, but she said The Shops at North Bridge is looking forward to other changes. This fall it will welcome Neiman Marcus Studio, Mac, True Religion, Shake Shack and the Chinese restaurant Lao Sze Chuan.

CLSA upgrades Infy; BSE IT index makes gainsYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
BSE IT Index pulls back in green; CLSA upgrades Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 11.30AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The growth pick-up in the…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT companies, after a weak start, has bounced back in the positive terrain following a pull-back rally in Indian markets .
The growth pick-up in the US and weak rupee against the US dollar has been the key drivers for the Indian IT exporters.
IT companies are confidant of strong demand and big deals in coming quarters. A stable demand environment and easy supply has kept confidence on maintaining margins high.
"Traditional IT services led by infrastructure management are likely to continue to be primary drivers of offshore IT growth for the next couple of years. We continue to notice the emergence of Digital/SMAC projects as primary driver of discretionary spending," said CLSA in its sector outlook report.
The brokerage has turned incrementally optimistic on the sector and rolled forward target prices of stocks under its coverage.
"Improving demand conditionsand stable earnings should drive expansion in earnings multiples. We upgrade earnings multiples and rollforward earnings to one yearforward (Sept 2016) basis leadingus to upgrade all target prices," the report said.
IT major Infosys, which dropped 2.21 per cent in early trade, has recovered nearly half of the intraday losses after CLSA upgraded the stock to 'Buy' and raised its target price to Rs 4,500.
According to the report, Tech Mahindra remains weak in traditional industry growth areas.
"Recent share price appears rise unwarranted, we downgrade to SELL, with a target price of Rs 2,200," it said.
CLSA is has 'Buy' on TCS and HCL Tech. It has Underperform rating on Wipro.
At 10:50 a.m.; the BSE IT Index was at 10,381.46, up 0.14 per cent.
Infosys was down 1.52 per cent, TCS gained 1.19 per cent, Wipro was up 1.45 per cent, HCL Tech moved 1.05 per cent higher and Tech Mahindra edged up 0.35 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Onus on Sena now to solve seat-sharing dispute: Amit ShahComments
Amid tension in the saffron alliance over seat sharing, the BJP on Thursday indicated that a solution could be in sight if Shiv Sena relents from its present position.
Addressing party workers in Kolhapur, BJP president Amit Shah said the BJP wants the alliance but not at the cost of self-esteem. “The BJP has walked two steps forward. Now it’s others' turn to come two steps forward. We want alliance but not by compromising our self esteem.”
The BJP president said the alliance is necessary  to dethrone the Congress-NCP and bring a change of rule in Maharashtra.
"I want to ask the leaders of both parties, including the Shiv Sena, to resolve the issue by ensuring that both parties maintain their self esteem,”he said.
According to Shah the state leadership was not getting any response from the Sena despite making every effort to finalise a seat-sharing formula. “When I asked Devendra Fadnavis and Vinod Tawde about the alliance, they told me that they are making every effort but there has been no response.”
Shah has been on a two-day state tour since Wednesday. After visiting Mumbai in the morning he went to Kolhapur, his in-laws' place, to visit the famous Mahalaxmi temple.  
Both BJP and Sena have been sending out  signals that they could go separate ways if their demands are not met.
BJP Chief Amit Shah appeals Shiv Sena to sort out seat sharing problem and fight election along with BJP @HTMumbai
— shailesh gaikwad (@shailesh505) September 18, 2014
The BJP, after the resounding victory in the Lok Sabha, upped the pressure on Shiv Sena demanding that both parties contest 135 seats each in the 288-member state assembly. The party also wanted Shiv Sena to swap some seats which they have never won. The Sena refused to give in.
In the last Assembly elections, the Shiv Sena contested 171 seats while the BJP contested 119. 
Late on Wednesday night, Senior BJP leader and union minister for transport, Nitin Gadkari held talks with other party leaders. Party sources said BJP may settle for fewer number of seats if Shiv Sena reshuffles some of its seats with the alliance partner.
Elections for Maharashtra are scheduled for October 15.

Start-up plays to Chinas ecommerce market© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df4f9a3e-3f00-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FTSEs Scottish stocks higherFTSE’s Scottish stocks higher
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d4bbc18-3f08-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jayalalithaa opposes move to make Hindi compulsory in varsitiesJaya opposes Centre's move to make Hindi compulsory in colleges
PTI  Chennai, September 18, 2014
First Published: 12:42 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:20 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Maintaining its opposition to "imposition" of Hindi in the state, the Tamil Nadu government directed two universities on Thursday not to implement the UGC circular and said the decision taken by the previous UPA government would not be binding on it.
  
Chief minister Jayalalithaa said the move, amounting to "imposing Hindi", had been initiated during the previous government.
    
She said the two institutions -  Anna University and Alagappa University - had received the circular on September 16, 2014, where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in law and commerce streams also.
  
She said this decision had been taken at the meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti (National Hindi Council) on July 28, 2011 under then prime minister Manmohan Singh.
 
The council then said that students in Gujarat either graduated studying English or Hindi, thus resulting in lack of translation skills in central departments and UGC had been asked to ensure Hindi was also taught along with English, she said in a statement here.
  
"From this, it is clear that the effort to impose Hindi basically stemmed from the decisions taken in this July 28, 2011 meeting of the Kendriya Hindi Samiti," she said.
    
Jayalalithaa also questioned why DMK, then a part of the Congress-led UPA, remained silent, though it opposed the move now. She said her party's stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
 
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as 'Zone C', should only be in English, as mandates later.
 
"Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu," she said.
 
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English "is not only unacceptable, but also against the law," she said.
  
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
 
"I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them," she said.
This is the third major controversy over language since the new government came to power. Earlier Tamil Nadu parties had opposed directives asking central government employees to use Hindi while posting tweets or messages on social media, and on the observance of Teachers’ Day as Guru Utsav.

Jet to Launch Full Services on All-economy JetKonnectApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Jet Airways on Thursday announced launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December and plans to consolidate into a single-brand.
"Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued", an airline statement said.
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform 'single brand', with Jet Airways commencing streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into "a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience," the statement said.
"As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after 1st December, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network," it said.
It said the 'Sky Cafe' or Jet's buy-on-board service would be discontinued. Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December 1st onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India, after joining Star Alliance, has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:42 (IST)

Sensex closes 481 pts up | Playing dividend-paying stocks Top betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex on a roll, surges over 450 points; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(US Federal Reserve announced…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart recovery after starting the day on a muted note amid US Fed worries of interest rate hike. The index rose as much as 529 points in trade led by gains in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank , ITC and TCS.
US Federal Reserve announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month. It also made clear that record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months.
The BSE Sensex rallied as much as 401 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to bounce back and is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 2:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,103.45 up 472.16 points.
The Nifty was at 8110.70, up 135.2 points.
Most analysts hold the view that even if US Federal Reserve decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected it will be less disastrous for India than other emerging markets because macros have improved significantly.
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. Higher U.S. interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps as compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase in foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past Indian market hit the all-time high. So correction will definitely be there but not as much as we see in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1.59 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 2.5 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.06 per cent), HDFC (up 3.08 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 3.06 per cent), BHEL (up 2.9 per cent) and L&T (up 2.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 1.6 per cent), Infosys (down 0.72 per cent) and M&M (down 0.14 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 620 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1037
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 344
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 835 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 290
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 568
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 120
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2955 and a stop loss of Rs 2880
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1685 and a stop loss of Rs 1625
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 251
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 700 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 920 and a stop loss of Rs 682
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 501
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 480
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2560
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2540
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2290
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee hits day s low of 61.20 | Brent nears $98You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee plunges 25 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee had ended 13 paise…)
MUMBAI: The rupee fell by 25 paise to 61.17 against the US currency in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar against other currencies in global market after the US Fed stating it would keep its easy-money policy, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
The rupee had ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the greenback in yesterday's trade following sustained dollar selling by exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 118.09 points, or 0.44 per cent, to 26,513.20 in early trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prashant Bhushan refuses to name  whistleblower  in CBI director caseEntry diary of CBI director's residence: Bhushan not to reveal name of source in SC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 12:49 AM IST
 
The Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), which was directed by the Supreme Court on Monday to disclose the name of the whistle-blower who gave it the file notings and entry register at Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha’s official residence, has decided not to reveal the identity of the source.
It will ask the Bench headed by Justice H L Dattu not to insist on the demand to name the person. The decision was taken by the organisation’s governing body unanimously. It said the information relating to the 2G spectrum scam was received in confidence and trust by CPIL’s counsel Prashant Bhushan from a source who did not wish that his identity be revealed. That trust reposed in CPIL’s counsel ought not to be breached.
CPIL also stated that several informants and activists have had to lose their lives for complaining against corruption. Satyendra Dube, S Manjunath, Amit Jethwa and Shehla Masood were killed for exposing corruption after their identity became public. Several others and their families have had to face harassment of all kind. Therefore, the CPIL cannot tell its counsel to disclose the source and, thus, expose the source to great risk, especially considering the seriousness of the issue and the entities involved.
CPIL claimed it continuously receives important information and documents from a large number of sources who wish to keep their identity secret. Any disclosure of identity in one case is likely to deter sources in other cases. Therefore, the identity of the source can be revealed only if the person concerned agrees in writing to such a disclosure. “The role of the court in a PIL, unlike private litigation or suit, are non-adversarial where the role of the court is to ascertain the truth and to devise remedies for doing justice and upholding public interest. A strict application of the forms of proceedings and rules regarding verification, as may be applicable to individual grievances, have been found to be quite inappropriate for consideration of issues in public interest. The court has, therefore, often entertained even letters as PILs, entertained news reports as evidence and taken up several cases suo motu based on news reports. The court has often appointed inquiry commissioners, amicus curiae, fact-finding committee to assist the court in various important PILs.”
CPIL also pointed that in the past, like the hawala case where Jain dairies were placed, Radia tape case and even in the 2G case, court has taken cognisance of the facts and has ordered investigation, without insisting on the source of the documents. Revealing the identity of the source would, therefore, set a bad precedent and would make several PILs impossible to conduct, which would not be in public interest or in the interest of justice, and would set the clock back on 30 years of jurisprudence.
The decision will affect Friday’s hearing in the coal block allocation scam case before the bench of Chief Justice R M Lodha where CBI has accused Bhushan of theft and forgery. CBI has asked for the disclosure of the whistle-blower and criminal cases against Bhushan.

LIC chief  very bullish  on banking  pharma & metals; thanks to cyclical recovery  firm ReLIC chairman S K Roy bullish on outlook for country's markets
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 04.39PM IST
"There are a large number of sectors about which we are very confident this year. That's based upon our outlook for the Indian economy and how these companies are likely to do."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) Chairman S. K. Roy said he was "very bullish" about the banking, pharmaceutical, metals and IT outsourcing sectors because of expectations for a cyclical recovery and a stabilising rupee currency.
LIC, India's most powerful investor, is also positive on the capital goods sector, Roy told Reuters in an interview at his office in Mumbai.
Roy, who was appointed chairman of the state-run insurer in June last year, added it was looking to develop its existing holding of more than 70 land plots in phases over the next three to five years, either for commercial or residential purposes.
Insurance companies in India have traditionally held large land parcels in their portfolios as a means for diversifying investments.
The strong endorsement from LIC, with 17.69 trillion rupees ($290.29 billion) of assets under management, showcases the increased confidence of domestic investors in their own country after months of caution.
Indian shares have rallied to record highs this year, while bonds and the rupee have also surged, but the bulk of gains had been driven by foreign investors.
"There are a large number of sectors about which we are very confident this year," Roy said. "That's based upon our outlook for the Indian economy and how these companies are likely to do."
Roy, who has been with the insurer more than three decades, added he saw few red flags for markets because of the government's commitment to contain the fiscal deficit and receding concerns about lower rainfalls in the monsoon period.
LIC plans to invest 3 trillion rupees in markets this year, of which 550 billion will be in shares. The bulk of its investments will go to government bonds, traditionally its biggest allocation.
Roy added LIC was headed for a "very good year", both in terms of its market investments and its core insurance business. The chairman said he expected growth of 12 percent in insurance premiums this fiscal year, in line with 13.4 percent last year.
Domestic investors are increasingly regaining their confidence in India after the country suffered its worst market turmoil since the 1991 balance of payment crisis.
The election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with the Reserve Bank of India's commitment to contain inflation have sparked the improved confidence.
The country has also seen its current account deficit narrow sharply thanks to measures imposed by the previous Congress government, including curbs on gold imports.
Equity mutual funds have seen 194.42 billion rupees ($3.19 billion) in inflows this year, after two consecutive years of outflows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Border standoff eclipses $20 bn deal between India and China | Full CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit: Border standoff eclipses the $20 billion investment deal
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 04.33PM IST
NEW DELHI: With the continuing stand-off in Ladakh casting a shadow over the Sino-India talks, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today raised "serious concerns" over the repeated incidents along the border and sought an early settlement of the boundary question.
Meeting visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping against the backdrop of Chinese army and civilian incursions, the Prime Minister made it plain to him that the agreement between the two countries on maintaining peace and tranquillity on the border should be "strictly observed".
After taking him on a guided tour of Ahmedabad's landmarks yesterday, Modi sat with Xi for a summit meeting for nearly three hours--both restricted and delegation level talks--when it was decided that China would invest $20 billion in next five years.
But the discussions mainly appeared to have centred around the embarrassing border incidents that continued in the Chumar and Demchok sectors last night and this morning. Yesterday, Modi had raised the issue in Ahmedabad though the government had maintained that it was a "courtesy discussion".
"I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border. We agreed that peace and tranquillity in the border region constitutes an essential foundation for the mutual trust and confidence and for realising the full potential of our relationship.
"This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed. While our border related agreements and Confidence Building Measures have worked well, I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquillity and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement of the boundary question," Modi told the media in the presence of the Chinese President.
On his part, Xi sought to explain the border incidents saying,"since the border is yet to be demarcated, sometimes there might be certain incidents".
But, he said, the two sides were fully capable of acting promptly to effectively manage the situation through various levels of border related mechanisms so that such incidents do not have a large impact on bilateral relations.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultation to settle the boundary question at an early date," Xi said.
After the talks on the second day of his three-day visit, 12 agreements were also signed on various issues including setting up two Chinese industrial parks in India and investments in the Railways.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhushan  won t name  whistleblower in CBI chief controversyComments
In a stand that could lead to a face-off between the Supreme Court and CPIL — an NGO represented by advocate Prashant Bhushan — the latter has declined to disclose the identity of the ‘whistle-blower’ who leaked the visitors’ logbook at CBI chief Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence.
Asserting the allegations against Sinha were correct and could be verified through a probe, the Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) affidavit filed Thursday said that revealing the whistle-blower’s identity would endanger the lives of many. CPIL members on September 17 unanimously resolved that the source would not be disclosed.
“The said person has revealed important information to the CPIL’s counsel under the clear understanding that his/her identity shall be protected,” said the affidavit. It cited the 2011 case of Satyendra Dube who was murdered after his name was leaked from the Prime Minister’s Office, where he sent a letter exposing the alleged corruption in NHAI’s project in Bihar.
“Whenever the conscience of this court has been satisfied regarding certain allegations, it has called upon the authorities to produce records and has also directed probe in several such cases,” CPIL said.
A bench headed by justice HL Dattu, set to take over as the chief justice on September 28, had on September 15 directed CPIL’s lawyer Prashant Bhushan to submit the whistle-blower’s name to the court in a sealed cover after the CBI chief had argued that the affidavit revealing the contents of the visitors’ diary was not in conformity to the SC rules. The court will take up CPIL’s affidavit on September 22.
CPIL said the allegations against Sinha could be easily verified from CBI’s own records and for this the court may seek the assistance of Anand Grover, the Special Public Prosecutor in 2G case. The NGO submitted that in many cases including Jain dairy, Radia tape, 2G case, the apex court ordered investigation without asking the source of the information and same can be done in the present case also.
Turning the heat on the  CBI director, NGO Common Cause Thursday moved an application before the SC to direct the Centre to place the progress made by the Income Tax department in its probe against Moin Akhtar Qureshi.
Common Cause, a petitioner before the SC in the coal block scam, said that the meat exporter had met Sinha at his residence about 90 times in the last 15 months and added that  Qureshi’s premises have been raided by the IT authorities and several important documents and his computers have been seized by the DGIT.

Cops didn t lathicharge Jadavpur varsity students'Cops didn't lathicharge Jadavpur varsity students'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 18, 2014
First Published: 15:19 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:38 IST(18/9/2014)
Kolkata commissioner of police said on Thursday the police showed restraint in dealing with Jadavpur University students, who were demanding a fresh probe into the alleged sexual harassment of a female student inside the campus, on Tuesday.
Advertisement
The students had surrounded the vice-chancellor Abhijit Chakrabarti and registrar Pradip Ghosh since Tuesday and were demanding a fresh probe into the case where a woman student was allegedly dragged into a men's hostel and sexually molested two weeks ago.
At least 35 students, who were protesting outside the university campus against the molestation, were arrested by the police on Wednesday.
"Police had shown extreme restraint, and what they had done was completely according to law," said Surajit Kar Purkayastha in a press conference, while claiming some of them were in plain clothes.
The commissioner’s claims come even as protests continued to pour in from different sections of the society against the “police excess”.
"The police received written distress messages from the vice-chancellor, and therefore, had to go there. But the accusation of lathi charge is mere falsehood. The police did not carry lathis to the campus," he said.
"We are alive to the sensitivities of stepping into educational institutes, but one cannot ignore repeated communication from the authorities if they say their lives are in danger. Who would have taken the responsibility if something untoward had happened," argued the city's top cop.
Interestingly, the police commissioner's claims were contradicted by urban development minister and the chief minister Mamata Banerjee's confidante, Firhad Hakim.
"The police should have shown more restraint," Hakim had said on Wednesday.
Students had also complained that the lights inside the campus were switched off at around 2am before the police started action. The police commissioner refused to comment on it.
"We have no idea of it. I cannot comment without investigation," said Kar Purkayastha.
He also said there was sufficient number of woman police officers at the spot after female students alleged that they were manhandled by the officers.
The commissioner also claimed they had information that there were a number of “outsiders” at the spot who were carrying "dangerous weapons".
Though the commissioner did not specify what he meant by “outsiders”, the students have claimed Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters sneaked in with the police and beat them up mercilessly.
Opposition leaders, like Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Samik Bhattacharya, immediately lashed out saying the police should declare what dangerous arms have been seized from the spot.
"These people are agents of the ruling party. What else can we expect from them? We have all seen the police has not shown any restraint. There was no need to pounce on the students after switching of the lights," said Adhir Chowdhury, state Congress president.
"I am a former student of this university. It is correct the police are obviously under pressure if they get repeated messages from the VC that his life is under threat. But the police commissioner should not resort to falsehood. Why didn't police arrest outsiders as the commissioner is claiming and why didn't they seize the dangerous weapons that the commissioner is referring to?" remarked CPI(M) leader Sujan Chakravarty.
Chakravarty also commented the primary responsibility of the incident lies with the VC.

John Legere does not want the French version of John Legere to buy T-MobileIn John Legere's mind, surely there can only be one John Legere.(AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
September 18, 2014
“It’s very important to note that the leader of Iliad has long hair and he made his money in porn. I mean, these are critical components. Positive attributes… I’m just saying.”
That was T-Mobile US CEO John Legere at an investment conference hosted by Goldman Sachs last week. Legere prefaced his presentation on the company’s growth prospects with the warning that “there will be more swearing in this session than all of the Goldman events put together.” He proceeded to say “shit” (or variations of the term) eight times. 
Legere, who is known  both for swearing and unorthodox tactics that have revived T-Mobile over the past two years, was asked at the conference why the carrier had rejected a recent takeover bid by Illiad, a French telecommunications upstart with a seemingly similar philosophy.
Like T-Mobile in the US, Illiad, founded by entrepreneur Xavier Niel who built some of his fortune on sex chat sites and sex shops, has been using unconventional and aggressive tactics to shake up France’s wireless industry.
“We’re not going to comment outside of his hair and his porn,” Legere continued. “Listen, we take the interest in T-Mobile US, which isn’t just them, it’s many different companies, as flattering. I think it’s indicative of what we’re doing and I think that will continue.”
This week  analysts at Jefferies  said T-Mobile had indicated to them at a recent meeting that it would only do a deal with a company that had US customers and spectrum (and a high enough price). That might rule out Illiad (“In our view, a deal with Iliad appears less likely,” the analysts wrote) but could attract Dish Networks, which may already be interested .
Legere did not immediately respond to an email. A spokesperson for the company declined to comment.
Share this:

Yellen Says US Families Need to Boost SavingsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Image of Asia: Lava Flows From Indonesian VolcanoAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

TechM  Bosch tie-up for smart cities  home s...Bosch
(By 2022, about 14 billion…)
NEW DELHI: Tech Mahindra today said it will work with Bosch Software Innovations to develop an ecosystem to offer solutions for smart cities with billions of things inter-connected via the Internet.
Tech Mahindra Digital Enterprise Solutions group Head Rishi Bhatnagar will work with Bosch Software Innovations, the software and systems house of the Bosch group, to develop proof of concepts and solutions on developing connected solutions for smart cities, enterprises and smart homes.
By 2022, about 14 billion devices are expected to be connected directly or indirectly with the Internet, Tech Mahindra said in a statement.
"With Tech Mahindra's expertise in various verticals such as Telecom, Big Data, and Analytics we are confident of providing customer centric solutions for creating tomorrow's connected world," Tech Mahindra CEO and Managing Director C P Gurnani said.
Tech Mahindra's Digital Enterprise Services division offers innovative and customer-centric services and solutions integrating technology with business.
It anticipates tomorrow's needs and create future proof and future ready solutions using seven technologies namely Networks, Mobility, Analytics, Cloud, Security, Social and Sensors.
"With innovative software development methodologies and flexible data models of Bosch and the innovation ecosystem of Tech Mahindra we believe we have the right skills to develop and deliver connected applications to this connected world," Bosch Software Innovations chairman of the board of management Ing Rainer Kallenbach said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Caught in the delugeUpdated: September 18, 2014 20:48 IST
Caught in the deluge
Special Arrangement Haritha and her parents, M.B. Sanil Kumar and Renuka in Srinagar
REUTERS An aerial view shows flooded Srinagar
TOPICS
flood
Management student Haritha Sanil recollects the ordeal of being stranded in flood-hit Srinagar
It was supposed to be a flower-filled Onam for city-based management student Haritha Sanil and her parents, M.B. Sanil Kumar, a chartered accountant, and Renuka Sanil. Only, it was amid the famed flowers of Srinagar in Kashmir.
Little did they know that nature would put a huge dampener on their vacation, when the River Jhelum, which flows through Srinagar, overflowed its banks and inundated the city. The family soon found themselves stranded, along with thousands of other tourists and locals, literally cut off from the rest of the world. MetroPlus spoke to Haritha about the family’s ordeal...
“The day we landed in Srinagar, we were looking forward to staying on a houseboat on Dal Lake. Even as we drove towards the city from the airport, we could see that certain low-lying areas were water-logged. From our driver, Ravikumar, and our guide, Omar, we came to know that it had been raining incessantly for the past two days, even though it was bright and sunny outside. The houseboat plan was dropped over safety concerns and we were given alternative accommodation in the Grand Mumtaz hotel for the night, before checking into the Vivanta by Taj, as scheduled, the following day.
It was only the next day, September 7 (Thiruvonam) that we realised the gravity of the situation. Most parts of the city had been flooded; communication lines were down; we heard that power was out in most all parts of the city and almost all vehicular movement had come to a standstill. Yet, Ravikumar somehow managed to come get us and we proceeded to the Taj. That road to the hotel was mercifully dry but at one juncture we had to turn back because people were running the other way and shouting that the flood water was coming.
Ravikumar saved us with his quick thinking. It was only when we reached the hotel, which is situated on top of a hill overlooking Dal Lake, that we understood it was one of the safest possible areas in Srinagar at that point. Looking towards the valley, it was just murky water everywhere.
What followed was a seemingly endless wait. We had lost phone connectivity completely by then. But fortunately, before that happened we had managed to get through to my sister Shilpa, who was back in Thiruvananthapuram coordinating our ‘rescue’ efforts. Then, on September 9, the hotel authorities arranged for us and 10 other families to go to the Nehru Helipad, where army helicopters had begun evacuating people to the old airport.
We duly set off at 5 a.m., after a full breakfast. At first the queue was small, but as the minutes ticked by hundreds, if not thousands, of people, many of them migrant labourers, also turned up and it was soon just a sea of humanity. We were told that two helicopters would come at regular intervals, however, their arrival became more and more sporadic, consequently people became irritated and eventually the situation became almost riot like. You can’t really blame them for reacting that way. There was no food to be had, not even water. Some said that they had not eaten for days. Finally, by sundown, we had enough and we decided to walk back to the hotel.
By September 10, phone connectivity was partially back and we were able to send messages to friends and family. At this juncture, I must thank the hotel staff for their efforts in ensuring that all of us – there were some 300 guests by then – were well fed and comfortable, often at the cost of their own comfort. The receptionist, for example, told us that last she heard, her entire family was camped out on the third floor of a house. Other than running out of milk powder and diapers for a few babies of the guests, they didn’t let us want for anything.
The next day, an army person, sent by some high profile clients of my father, came to enquire about us and said they would take us to a helipad on the Golf Course. Uncertain of what to do, we decided to stay put and let two elderly guests in the 70s go in our stead.
Meanwhile Wing Commander G.G. Kumar, my father’s friend from Sainik School and now on deputation with the Border Security Force (BSF), flying the rescue helicopters, had been in touch with us all this while. He arranged for us to be flown to the old airport. The aerial view of the inundated city was truly horrific, the extent of destruction unbelievable. Since we already had our return tickets to Delhi booked for the day, airport authorities urged us to go to the new airport.
The scene at the new airport was a mess. It was jam-packed with thousands of hungry, thirsty people. It was dirty and it stank terribly. To compound to our misery, we had missed our flight by a whisker! We booked a flight for the next day and Kumar uncle then arranged for us to go to the BSF compound hoping that he could get us accommodation.
Their guest houses too were full – that was where many of the journalists who had come to cover the disaster were staying. There was no water and electricity. When the Inspector General of BSF P.S. Sandhu realised that we had no where to stay, he offered us accommodation in his own house! He also made sure we had breakfast before we flew back home the next day.
If not for the small acts of kindness we would probably have been stuck in Srinagar even now – Ravikumar, who came for us that first day, the Taj’s manager, people who went out their way to give us lifts, army and paramilitary personnel…
My biggest realisation, though, was that it is not Facebook or Twitter or any other form of social media that come to your rescue when you are in dire straits, but good old friendships that we have built up over the years. What an unforgettable Onam!”

EasyJet to raise dividend and expand fleetEasyJet plans to raise dividend and expand fleet
By Jane Wild
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3825b6f4-3f04-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shaneen Allens prosecutor might be having second thoughtsBy Radley Balko September 18 Follow @radleybalko
The New Jersey prosecutor who has been pushing  a prison sentence for a New Jersey single mother for having a gun in her purse appears to be reconsidering.
Shaneen Allen was arrested in October after admitting to a state trooper during a traffic stop that she was in possession of a gun. Allen, a resident of Pennsylvania, had a legal permit to possess and carry the gun in that state. She says she had simply made a mistake, a plausible explanation given that she volunteered the incriminating information to the cop who pulled her over.
Until now, Atlantic County Prosecutor Jim McClain had been pursuing a felony charge against Allen that would come with a mandatory minimum of three-and-a-half years in prison, despite the fact that he could refer to a diversionary program that would allow her to avoid jail time. Allen has no other criminal record. Now it looks like McClain may be reconsidering .
“I am presently in the process of reviewing our office’s position on the appropriate resolution of this matter,” McClain wrote in a letter sent last week to Superior Court Judge Michael Donio.
He asked that the case be adjourned for three weeks to allow the review. Donio granted the request.
A trial set for Oct. 6 has now been moved to Oct. 20. A conference to discuss motions and jury selection set for this week has been moved to Sept. 25.
Donio previously became the first judge in the state to open up the Graves Act waivers, which record decisions on pretrial intervention concerning these cases. The records are meant to be kept for the attorney general’s review to make sure the law is being applied uniformly.
Local attorney Michael Schreiber argued that if the state can see the records, the defense should be granted the same access. Donio agreed, and opened up three years of decisions. They show that not only do other prosecutors allow for PTI or probation in these cases, McClain’s predecessor also allowed them.
Former Prosecutor Ted Housel liberally applied a normally rare exception in these cases, which allows for parole or pretrial intervention. Housel said in a 2012 memorandum that Atlantic County is unique since tourists who legally own guns often bring them into the state not realizing their permits do not cross state lines.
I posted in July about how Allen’s case raises some important, not-often-discussed issues about race, gun control, and mandatory minimums. It’s also worth pointing out that even putting the volatile race and gun issues aside, this is just a really terrible law. Yes, you should try to know the laws of the states you’re visiting, particularly when it comes to guns. But unless police and prosecutors can show that the owner intended to use the gun to commit a crime, three-plus years in prison is an obscene penalty for an honest mistake that didn’t cause harm to anyone else.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Cops seize two revolvers from house of Assam ex-DGP who shothimselfShankar Barua was a 1974-batch IPS officer who had served as Assam DGP from July 2009 to January 2012.
Guwahati | Posted: September 18, 2014 7:12 pm
One day after former Assam Police Director-General Shankar Barua shot himself dead following alleged involvement in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, the police have seized two licensed revolvers from his residence, one of which is believed to be the weapon with which he had killed himself.
Confirming this, Guwahati City SSP AP Tiwari said the investigating teams – of the CID, FSL and the police – had carried out necessary preliminary investigations including collecting fingerprints and one used cartridge of a .32-bore revolver, as also obtaining photographic and videographic records of the place of occurrence.
ALSO READ:  Days after CBI raid, ex-DGP of Assam kills self
Barua, who had reportedly suffered from mental depression since the CBI searched his house and examined his bank accounts and locker on August 28 here in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, had committed suicide by shooting himself in his residence at Uzanbazar here on Wednesday afternoon.
A 1974-batch IPS officer who had served as Assam DGP from July 2009 to January 2012, it was during his tenure that Saradha had carried out most of its chit fund and other activities in Assam. There have been unfounded allegations that Saradha had received undue police protection to conduct its business in Assam.
The City SSP said the police have seized two licensed revolvers from Barua’s residence, one of which had five live cartridges loaded in it. It is this .32 revolver that Barua is believed to have used to kill himself. The police however were yet to examine Barua’s family members in view of the tragic circumstances and mourning.
Interestingly, Barua, who had been admitted to a hospital four days ago for some illness, was released only at around 11:30 am on Wednesday. He first went to the nearest bank where he reportedly changed nominees in his accounts, and then shot himself at around 12:30 PM. Though Barua had a PSO from the state police, the person was not close to him when the incident occurred.
The former DGP, who was himself a reputed musician and singer, was close to well-known Guwahati-based filmmaker and singer Sadananda Gogoi who was arrested by the CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scandal in Kolkata on September 12. Gogoi had allegedly taken Sudipta Sen close to several influential persons in Assam, with the list of names reportedly also including that of the former DGP.
Shankar Barua was among five persons whose houses were searched by the CBI connection with the Saradha chit fund scandal on August 28. The others included former Assam health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, senior Congress MLA Anjan Dutta, managing director of the now defunct Frontier TV Manoranjana Sinh, and filmmaker and singer Sadananda Gogoi.

Bomb blast in Manipurs Ukhrul district killstwoPrint
Written by Esha Roy | Imphal | Posted: September 18, 2014 7:00 pm
A bomb blast in Manipur’s Ukhrul district yesterday evening killed two, injuring two others. The blast took place in front of Neetu Glass and Hardware store in Viewland colony in Ukhrul town. Ukhrul town is the district headquarters.
“We are yet to determine the nature of the bomb but we think it could have been an improvised explosive device. It was a busy time when many people were returning home, including the two deceased who just happened to be passing the area,’’ said acting SP Ukhrul Worngam Ningshen.
Ningshen said that while no group had claimed responsibility for the blast yet, the police had ruled out the NSCN IM as being responsible and thought that one of the other underground groups was responsible for the blast.
“So far investigations show that the bomb was probably planted as a threat for monetary extortion. It has nothing to do with the recent violence or incidents which have taken place in Ukhrul,’’said Ningshen.
Local organisations in Ukhrul called a total bandh today in protest of the blast.

Infosys partners with Huawei for cloud-based servicesInfosys partners with Huawei for cloud-based services
Rajasthan: Girl buried in samadhi  declared deity by her parentsPrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 7:46 pm
A two-and-a-half-year-old girl who died late on Wednesday was buried in a ‘samadhi’ by her parents and declared a deity as the family claimed she had prophesied her exact time of death.
The incident took place in Kumher in Bharatpur district on Thursday morning and was brought to the notice of the local police when a tent was erected around her ‘samadhi’ and locals came to offer prayers at the burial site.
The parents, Vinod and Srimati, who belong to the nomadic Nat community claimed that the deceased used to say that she was a reincarnation of a deity and had prophesied her exact time of death at 12.05 am on Thursday. Hours after the girl died, the parents built a ‘samadhi’ and held prayers at the spot. Hearing of the incident, other locals gathered at the burial spot for prayers and made offerings.
When rumours of a possible live burial spread, the local police exhumed the body and sent it for post mortem. Though a report of the autopsy is yet to be submitted, the initial medical report states the cause of death as diarhhoea, police officials said. In its preliminary investigation, the Bharatpur police found that the girl had been unwell for several months.
Locals confirmed to The Indian Express that the girl used to refuse food and had health problems since birth. Her situation further deteriorated over the past few months leading to her death.
“Prima facie it appears that the parents might have wanted to earn money by deifying the deceased. It is a backward area and such superstitions are rampant. We have lodged a report under section 174 of CrPC and an inquiry has been initiated into the cause of death and if the parents have illegally earned money at the burial spot,” said Rahul Prakash, superintendent of police, Bharatpur.

Narendra Modi talks tough with Chinas Xi on border rowModi talks tough with China’s president Xi on border row
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 18:01 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:19 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushed China’s president for an early resolution to their festering border dispute on Thursday, robust comments that overshadowed a Chinese pledge of $20 billion in investments and support for India’s greater role in the United Nations Security Council.
Modi’s comments, made in the presence of Xi Jinping, came as Indian and Chinese troops faced off in Ladakh, the latest in a string of border incursions that have remained a perpetual irritant in relations that have otherwise improved over increased trade and business.
“I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” a stern-looking Modi told journalists with Xi sitting to his right.
“We agreed that peace and tranquillity in the border region constitute an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence and for realizing the full potential of our relationship.”
Xi receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
Although Modi rode to power on a promise to build a more assertive India, his comments are seen as surprisingly tough, especially after the warm start to Xi’s visit that was expected to be more about boosting economic ties.
Read: Indian-Chinese companies sign 24 MoUs worth $3.4 billion
The two sides have held 17 rounds of border talks since the early 1990s without making significant progress. Modi has not assigned a special envoy to restart the talks since he took office in May.
"We have to address the boundary question very soon," the prime minister said, urging "clarification" of the Line of Actual Control – the front line where fighting ended in the 1962 war.
“Similarly, we discussed India's concerns relating to China's visa policy and trans-border rivers.”
But Xi sought to play down the tensions and agreed with Modi that they should work to settle the border question at an early date, reiterating language China has used in the past.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China agrees to settle border dispute soon, demarcate LAC
"Sometimes there might be certain incidents, but the two sides are fully capable of acting promptly to effectively manage the situation," he said, describing the border dispute as “leftover from the colonial rule”.
The two sides agreed on investments aimed at significantly upgrading their commercial ties, with China pledging $20 billion over the next five years for industrial parks and infrastructure including railway technology.
They agreed to begin talks on cooperating in the nuclear power industry and Xi said China would support India’s becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation – a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
At a separate event, Xi said China would support India's aspiration to play a greater role at the United Nations, including on the Security Council. He did not give detail.
Tight security near the venue of the talks in central Delhi threw traffic into disarray. Dozens of Tibetan protesters, mostly women, managed to stage a noisy protest outside the venue after the two leaders began their meeting.
The protesters shouted "China: Hands off Tibet!" as police pushed and shoved them into buses.
(With input from agencies)

Airtel may have to pay Rs 436cr for merging Qualcomm 4G armSep 18, 2014, 07.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Airtel may have to pay Rs 436cr for merging Qualcomm 4G arm
The DoT sources said the 2013 deal is resulting in a merger which is leading to migration of a licence meant for only internet services to another type of permit that allows use of spectrum for all kinds of telecom services and not just internet.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Airtel may have to pay Rs 436cr for merging Qualcomm 4G arm
The DoT sources said the 2013 deal is resulting in a merger which is leading to migration of a licence meant for only internet services to another type of permit that allows use of spectrum for all kinds of telecom services and not just internet.
Post your opinion here
 
Telecom major  Bharti Airtel may have to cough up Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee, DoT sources said. Airtel Broadband Services (ABS), formerly Wireless Business Services Private Limited -- a telecom company founded US chip maker Qualcomm -- was acquired by Airtel last year. The DoT sources said the 2013 deal is resulting in a merger which is leading to migration of a licence meant for only internet services to another type of permit that allows use of spectrum for all kinds of telecom services and not just internet.
ABS holds broadband wireless access spectrum in four service areas - Delhi, Mumbai, Kerala and Haryana, that can be used for 4G services. The company has internet service
provider licence. Airtel is now moving from its present permit called Unified access Service Licence (UASL) to new licence which is called Unified Licence (UL) and can provide all kind of telecom services, having no objection from security agencies, under this permit with resources and infrastructure it has.
"The Access Services division of the DoT has deemed the proposed merger of ISP holding BWA spectrum with UASL licencee as equivalent to migration of ISP with BWA to UL with authorisation to use BWA for voice service," the source said. Bharti Airtel declined to comment on the matter. "Taking into account the extant balance period of ISP licence and the entry fee payable for UASL in the 4 service areas where ABS holds BWA spectrum, amount payable has been assessed at Rs 436 crore," the source said.
The access division of DoT is learnt to have calculated latest price of BWA spectrum held by ABS on the basis of prime lending rate of SBI as the company had acquired airwaves in 2010 and auction determined rates are valid for one year only.
"The amount of Rs 436 crore is difference between entry fee and market price," the source said. Reliance Jio Infocomm, which holds pan-India BWA spectrum, had to pay about Rs 1,673 crore for migrating from ISP licence to UL last year. It is now free to use its BWA spectrum for all kind of telecom services.
Bharti Airtel stock price
On November 21, 2014, Bharti Airtel closed at Rs 400.75, up Rs 3.20, or 0.80 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 419.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 282.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 27.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.63. The latest book value of the company is Rs 166.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.40.
RELATED NEWS

Ukraine President Addresses Joint Session of CongressSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.org - West Coast Sea Nettles
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Wall St opens up  SP 500 near recordWall St opens up  SP 500 near record
Thomas Cook India partners with RBL BankThomas Cook India partners with RBL Bank
Plea in SC to produce appraisal report of Moin QureshiPlea in SC to produce appraisal report of Moin Qureshi
SelectUSA woos Indian SMEs to invest in USSelectUSA woos Indian SMEs to invest in US
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
SelectUSA is wooing Indian small and medium enterprises to invest in the United States, noting that huge potential exists for them to either open shop or grow their business in that country.
By locating their business in the US, Indian SMEs could become globally competitive and help grow the pie back home too, Ambassador Vinai Thummalapally, Executive Director, SelectUSA told reporters in the capital on Thursday.
Thummalapally, who is also Senior Department of Commerce official, is currently on five city tour of India to encourage Indian investments into the US.
He will jointly make a pitch (to Indian businessmen) with Exim Bank Chief in Mumbai on the benefits of making investments in the United States.
Highlighting the potential of investment success for SMEs, Thummalapally cited the example of Maqdoom Bros—fourth generation garment makers from Hyderabad—who are opening shop in Chicago.
S G Mills from Coimbatore is another example of SME (garment maker) who is entering the US and opening shop in North Carolina.
“There are thousands of companies—particularly in SME space-- in India that could benefit from SelectUSA”, he said.
SelectUSA is a programme that is specifically focusing on helping Indian businesses to expand operations or open shop—make greenfield investments—in the US.
Launched in June 2011, SelectUSA caters to all Indian companies—both large and SMEs.
“It seems we are interested only with SMEs. We believe larger companies already have a footprint in US. Also they have capacity and existing relationships with us. We already work with them on a daily basis”, Thummalapally said when asked if SelectUSA was only focused on attracting Indian SMEs to US.
However, in the case of SMEs, there are thousands of Indian SMEs who could use SelectUSA services, he said.
“We mean business. We want to partner the SMEs. We want them to succeed in the US and want them to understand the opportunities”.
John M McCaslin, Minister Counsellor for Commercial Affairs, US Embassy in Delhi, said investing in US is all about being internationally competitive.
“If you have aspirations to be globally competitive—some of the Indian companies already are…We would like to see lot more Indian companies to be globally competitive. There are tremendous opportunities in US to help Indian companies become globally competitive”, he said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Columbia Asia launches first hospital in GujaratColumbia Asia launches first hospital in Gujarat
Our Bureau
Expects EBIDTA growth of 18-22 per cent in coming years
Ahmedabad, Sept 18:  
International hospitals chain, Columbia Asia today announced commissioning of its first hospital in Gujarat and eleventh in the country. The 110-bed hospital will be equipped to provide tertiary care services.
At a time when chains of private multi-specialty hospitals coming up across the state, Columbia Asia looks to provide international-quality healthcare services joined with nursing services that follow international protocols to provide care and attention to the patient.
Speaking to the media in Ahmedabad on Thursday, Tufan Ghosh, chief executive office (CEO), maintained that considering the potential in the India’s healthcare sector, the hospital chain looks at about 18-22 per cent growth in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBIDTA) in the coming years.
Columbia Asia Hospitals is the first hospitals chain in India to utilize 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in the hospital sector. The company has long-term PE investors in the US.
Columbia Asia has further laid out ambitious expansion plans for the next four years with an investment outlay of about Rs 900 crore (US $ 150 million) in the Asian region. The company plans to open three 150-160 bed hospitals in India at Bangalore, Pune and National Capital Region. Also on the cards are three hospitals in Malaysia and two in Indonesia.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Survey: United UK gets narrow lead in Scotland referendumSurvey: United UK gets narrow lead in Scotland referendum
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 18:  
Britain’s more than 300-year-old union with Scotland may survive on Thursday’s historical referendum by a narrow margin, a new survey showed.
Supporters of a united UK were maintaining a narrow but steady lead of four points; 52 per cent to 48 per cent, over the supporters of Scottish independence, YouGov’s final pre-election survey for The Times and Sun newspaper showed. However, the race was still too tight for YouGov’s analysts to be confident in calling it.
Instead, the polling company only predicted an 80 per cent probability that the UK will hold together - giving a breakaway Scotland a 20 per cent chance. Voters have a simple “Yes” or “No” choice to the question: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Whatever the result, British politics is set to change forever after the referendum. In the short-term, British Prime Minister David Cameron would have most to lose if Scotland votes to leave the UK. Some Conservative MPs believe he could even lose his job, according to The Independent.
Though, a “Yes” verdict may prove disastrous for the UK’s Labour Party, which currently holds 41 of Scotland’s 59 constituencies - which would no longer send MPs to Westminster after “independence day”, which is due to happen in March 2016 on Scotland’s First Minister Alex Salmond’s timetable.
Politicians have risked careers in England and Scotland and thrown their weight behind ‘Yes’ or ‘No’. Meanwhile, voting in Scotland was in full swing today and people have been queuing up since morning to register their vote in the historic referendum.
Nearly 97 per cent of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, have registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country until 22:00 (local time) today. Once the polls have closed, ballot papers will be counted in each of Scotland’s 32 local authority areas.
These will include votes cast from the 789,024 postal vote applications, which was the largest volume of registration for postal votes ever in Scotland, according to the BBC. Results are expected early tomorrow morning.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Konecranes launches `CXT Uno crane for emerging marketsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Konecranes launches `CXT Uno’ crane for emerging markets
Our Bureau
Pune, Sep 18:  
Konecranes has launched a new overhead crane aimed at serving the needs of emerging markets.
To be built at the Finnish company’s facility at Jejuri near Pune, the new crane, CXT Uno is primarily intended for companies operating in manufacturing, construction, and logistics.
It also marks Konecranes’ entry into the mid-market segment in the country.
Following the roll out here, the plan is also to export it to other countries in the future.
“India is key to our growth targets, and at Jejuri we have manufacturing capacity of 1000 cranes annually,” Pekka Lundmark, President and CEO Konecranes said, adding that the company wanted to be present in both upper and mid segment markets.
At Jejuri, Konecranes has invested €15 million which is its single largest manufacturing investment anywhere in the world.
Capable of lifting loads up to 10 tons up to 9 metres off the ground, the features of the CXT Uno include 2-speed hoisting and travelling design with compact single-girder construction, and can operate over spans of up to 20 metres.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Telangana to have new industry-friendly policy soon  says KCRTelangana to have new industry-friendly policy soon, says KCR
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Kothur, Sept.18:  
The Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao today said that the new industrial policy will transform the investment climate in the new State.
Speaking at the P&G plant inauguration, he said the policy to be announced within couple of months would provide for single window clearance for industries.
He said the necessary legislation will be brought about in the Budget session of the State Assembly.
Assuring the industrial sector of all necessary support from the State Government in setting up projects, he said within 15 days all clearances will be provided to new projects in an envelope.
He said the Government has identified about 20 lakh acres of undisputed land in the State and about 35,000 acres in Mahabubnagar that can be allotted to industrial sector and other developmental activities.
Referring to the power demand-supply mismatch, Rao said that he promises to solve power problem in a phased manner and take the overall installed capacity to 20,000 MW within 3-4 years.
In the first year the State would be able to add about 2000 MW easing the supply situation and progressively other projects are expected to add to the capacity.
Referring to hardship faced by the agriculturists, the CM said that the water grid planned would solve the water problem in the State for the farm community and also for domestic water supply.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Stocks rise as Dow hits new recordBy: William Cummings September 18, 2014 3:28 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stock futures were higher Thursday, as voters in Scotland head to the polls in an historic referendum on independence from England.
Here is where major market indexes stood ahead of the opening bell (last updated at 6:10 a.m.):
Dow: + 0.32%
S&P 500: + 0.36%
Nasdaq: + 0.34%
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 178.9 points, or 1.13%, to 16,067.57 points and the Shanghai Composite climbed 8.03 points, or 0.35%, to 2,315.93 points, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index lost 207.69 points, or 0.85%, to 24,168.72.
European benchmarks gained with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.50%, Germany’s DAX up 0.96% and France’s CAC-40 up 0.75%.
 

Storyboard with  SRK  on rise of his brandSep 19, 2014, 07.26 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Storyboard with 'SRK' on rise of his brand
Shah Rukh Khan, the Baadshah of brands shares how endorsements have played big a role in making him what he is today, in an exclusive interview with CNBC-TV18's Pavni Mittal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Storyboard with 'SRK' on rise of his brand
Shah Rukh Khan, the Baadshah of brands shares how endorsements have played big a role in making him what he is today, in an exclusive interview with CNBC-TV18's Pavni Mittal.
Post your opinion here

India  China to explore nuclear cooperationIndia  China to explore nuclear cooperation
Stand-off continues: Chinese helicopters drop food for PLAStand-off continues: Chinese helicopters drop food for PLA
India  home to 190.7 million starving peopleHi Guest
India, home to 190.7 million starving people
The number of hungry people in India has fallen to by 9.5 per cent to 190.7 million now from 210.8 million two decades ago, but in neigbouring Pakistan the number has risen by over 38 per cent in the same period, a UN report said. India, however, has the dubious distinction of being home to the maximum number of hungry people in South Asia (190.7 million). Pakistan has 39.6 million hungry people, Bangladesh (26.2 million), Sri Lanka (5.2 million) and Nepal (3.6 million). According to the ...

Moody s Investors Service upgrades ratings of Tata Group firmsMoody s Investors Service upgrades ratings of Tata Group firms
Famous eyebrows through the yearsFamous eyebrows through the years
Caption Cara Delevingne
Alberto Pizzoli, AFP/Getty Images
British model Cara Delevingne poses as she arrives for the screening of "The Great Gatsby" ahead of the opening of the 66th edition of the Cannes Film Festival.
British model Cara Delevingne poses as she arrives for the screening of "The Great Gatsby" ahead of the opening of the 66th edition of the Cannes Film Festival. (Alberto Pizzoli, AFP/Getty Images)

We Want This New Freaky Apple And We Want It NowMeet The New Freaky 'Surprize' Apple Developed By Tesco
PA / The Huffington Post UK
Posted:
reddit
Move over Pink Ladies, there's a new - and some might say, more colourful - apple on the block.
A new breed of yellow and orange-skinned apples with pink (yes pink!) flesh has been developed by an award-winning fruit grower from Hereford.
The bizarre-looking foodstuff , which will be trialled by 120 Tesco stores as of tomorrow, has been hailed as a "real head-turner". We can certainly see why.
SEE ALSO:
We Knew Fruit Was Good For Us But Here's Another Great Reason: It Keeps Your Heart Healthy
The unusual variety, which is aptly named Surprize, has been bred by apple expert William Barnett at a farm in Tillington, near Hereford.
Tesco fruit product developer Ciara Grace said: "This apple literally stops people in their tracks on account of its unusual pale orange and yellow skin.
"This is the first time that it's ever gone on sale and there are only limited supplies but if it's a success we will stock it again next year."
We're not sure whether the pink interior is more off-putting than anything else, but we guess the pretty colours might just help to coax children to get their seven-a-day?
What do you think? Would you try orange-coloured apples with pink flesh? Or would you run a mile? Tweet us @HuffPoLifestyle
Also on HuffPost:

Sistema: Yukos  part deux© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f1b09bca-3e46-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Republicans question labor board on McDonald s liabilityRepublicans question labor board on McDonald's liability
People picket during a 'strike' at a McDonalds
JOHN TAGGART, EPA
The lawmakers said the Democratic-controlled National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) is trying to rewrite long-held rules governing labor relations between parent companies and franchises that are run as independent businesses.
Caption Sausage, egg and twisty pasta -- Hong Kong
A sizzling sausage, poached egg and noodles are served in chicken broth with greens. The "souper" breakfast dish is available with grilled chicken instead.
A sizzling sausage, poached egg and noodles are served in chicken broth with greens. The "souper" breakfast dish is available with grilled chicken instead.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria. (McDonald's)
Caption Sugar Donut - United Kingdom
McDonald's
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K.
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K. (McDonald's)
Caption Chicken Schnitzel Mayo Roll -- Australia
McDonald's Australia
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll.
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll. (McDonald's Australia)
See more galleries
Caption McAloo Tikki -- India
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
See more galleries
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
The questioning comes just as fast-food workers are staging nationwide protests to push for higher wages, in a major union-led organization drive.
NLRB General Counsel Richard Griffin announced in July that the world's largest restaurant chain could be held liable for alleged labor law violations at franchised restaurants. Until now, McDonald's and other companies that make wide use of franchisees and contract employers have been insulated from such liability by the NLRB's “joint employer” standard.

Indigo inks deal with China bank  will finance 30 planesIndigo inks deal with China bank, will finance 30 planes
CNN-IBN | Sep 18, 2014 at 11:00am
In an interview to CNN-IBN, Indigo President Aditya Ghosh said that they had inked a pact with Chinese bank ICBC for financing 30 planes. 'Anything that enhances safety and security is always welcome,' said Ghosh.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bond markets clash with Fed on ratesBond markets clash with Fed on rates
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a993d8b0-3eb0-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex recovers 139 points on hopes Fed will keep rates lowSep 18, 2014 at  04:39pm IST
Sensex recovers 139 points on hopes Fed will keep rates low
2
0
Mumbai: After two days of sharp losses, the benchmark Sensex on Thursday rebounded from three-week lows and closed with a gain of 139 points in line with positive global markets on hopes Fed will retain its low interest rate regime and China will pump fresh funds in banks to boost lending.
The 30-issue BSE Sensex on Thursday resumed strong in line with rally in Asian stocks and moved in positive terrain throughout the day before concluding at 26,631.29 -- a rise of 138.78 points or 0.52 per cent. In last straight two days, it had plummeted 568.53 points or 2.10 per cent.
On Wednesday, it had registered its worst single-day drop of 324 points in nearly 7 weeks on across-the-board selling.
The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered on Thursday as it rose 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent, to
#sensex #nifty #stocks #markets
The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered on Thursday as it rose 42.60 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 7,975.50.
"Speculation that Fed would maintain its interest rates low and boost growth for now and that China's central bank will provide the country's big banks with fresh loans - keep markets and commodities markets globally upbeat," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The US Fed's two-day policy meeting ends later on Thursday. Buying was seen in selective blue-chips but was all-round as 10 out of 12 BSE sectoral indices closed in the green. Second-line shares, which suffered the most on Wednesday, recouped some ground but underperformed the Sensex.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 828.95 crore on Wednesday while DIIs bought shares worth Rs 465.61 crore, as per the provisional data from stock exchanges.
Globally, Asian markets mostly rose Wednesday, with Shanghai leading gains. Report said the People's Bank of China would inject 500 billion yuan into the five top state-owned banks, with a view to boosting lending to businesses.
0

High school principal removes large flags from students trucks on 9/11By Eugene Volokh September 18 Follow @volokhc
Reader Robert Dittmer points to a story that hit the national news Tuesday; here’s what seems to be the best source on this , from Spartanburg Herald Journal reporter Kim Kinzey on Sept. 12:
Woodruff High School Principal Aaron Fulmer said he was simply enforcing long-standing district policy when he removed American flags from students’ trucks on Thursday.
Fulmer said he appreciates the students’ patriotism and understands why they flew the flags on Sept. 11, when the nation remembered the deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil. But, while he acknowledges complaints he’s received, he said he cannot discriminate in enforcing policy.
The four students came to school on 9/11 with large American flags mounted on posts in their truck beds. Fulmer removed the flags from their trucks and returned them at the end of the school day….
District 4 Superintendent Rallie Liston said the issue is not about the American flag. He said the students violated a rule against anything that creates a disturbance on campus or draws an “unusual amount of attention to oneself.” He said students can display the American flag on their vehicles, such as in the form of a sticker….
Three thoughts:
1. Government-run schools do indeed have considerable latitude in enforcing generally applicable rules that don’t focus on the viewpoint or alleged offensiveness of speech. That’s why some courts, for instance, have upheld content-neutral uniform policies, including ones that bar clothing that contains a message chosen by the students, even though bans on particular messages would often be unconstitutional.
2. This having been said, a ban on conduct that “draws an ‘unusual amount of attention to oneself’” — as applied to First Amendment activity such as flying a flag — seems pretty vague, and open to precisely the risk of discriminatory enforcement that the principal says he’s trying to avoid. Nor does there seem to be much justification for such a rule outside the classroom. A more limited rule that bars displays in the parking lot that draw so much attention that viewers block traffic would be a different story, I think; but if this is indeed the text of the policy (I couldn’t find the school district policies online), I think it would be subject to constitutional challenge as applied to speech.
3. A follow-up story on WSPA.com reports, “Principal Aaron Fulmer told us that school officials are meeting with student council this week to look into a possible policy revision.”
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

ASX plans A$65m investment in YieldbrokerASX plans A$65m investment in Yieldbroker 
By Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dabb65ec-3f01-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No role in Prashant Bhushan s land confiscation  says Virbhadra SinghCM said the govt will enforce law relating to ban sale of tea estates strictly as it falls under the provisions of HP Land Ceiling Act.
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:49 pm
Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh on Thursday said he had no role in confiscation order of a land in Kangra belonging to Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan, saying it has no connection with the PIL filed by Bhushan against him few months ago.
“I am sorry to say that a person like Prashant Bhushan, who enjoys a high status in the society, behaves in a manner uncalled for to issue statements, which are baseless”, said the Chief Minister here. He added that the order of the District Collector’s court was incidental and has no connection whatsoever with the PIL.
Virbhadra Singh said the notice to Bhushan’s society – Kumud Bhushan Education Society – was issued by Deputy Commissioner of Kangra during the BJP regime in 2012. Since then the proceedings in the court were going on as Bhushan had not used the land for the specified purpose it was granted by the state government.
“The Deputy Commissioner has taken a long time to decide the case and he apparently had followed a due process of law to conduct a thorough probe before vesting the land to the government. There have been illegalities committed. In fact all such land deals were being probed by the government where the promoters have failed to utilise the land for the specified purposes”, he said.
Earlier, the state Vigilance and Anti-corruption body had recommended confiscation of the land . In its report, the body had concluded that the society had committed serious violations of the terms and conditions of the rule for utilisation of the land to set-up an educational institution. “No school or college existed at the land having affiliation to the University or State Board of School education. Only an educational institution – Sambhawana – existed,” the report had said.
In reply to a question about scores of tea gardens having been sold at Palampur, the Chief Minister said the government will enforce law relating to ban sale of tea estates strictly as it falls under the provisions of HP Land Ceiling Act.
“The government does not intent to allow sale or transfer of tea gardens except if the property is transferred or partitioned within a family. We will frame stringent law and will enforce them strictly into sale and purchase of tea gardens and the previous violations if any would be looked into,” he added.
On being questioned about the proposed visit of a Pakistani team for inspection of the 120 MW Miar hydel project, the Chief Minister said, “State government welcomes the Pakistani delegations. As per the 1960 Indus Water Treaty both the countries can visit the sites of works of development. If any project continued…

Rupee gains for 3rd day  rises 8 paise vs USD to end at 60.84Sep 18, 2014 at  05:59pm IST
Rupee gains for 3rd day, rises 8 paise vs USD to end at 60.84
3
0
Mumbai: Rebounding from one-month lows, the Indian rupee on Thursday ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
A fall in dollar value abroad against major rivals also helped rupee recover from early losses as US Federal Reserve pledged to maintain its easy monetary policy. Dollar index, a gauge of six major global units, was down 0.25 per cent.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency resumed weak at 61.09 a dollar from previous close of 60.92. It then dropped further to a one-month intra-trade low of 61.2050, a level not seen since August 13, 2014 when it had touched a low of 61.30.
Rebounding from one-month lows, the Indian rupee on Thursday ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
#rupee #dollar #foreign exchange #currency
The rupee later bounced back to a high of 60.8350 on strong rally in local stocks before concluding at 60.84, displaying a rise of eight paise or 0.13 per cent. In previous two sessions, the rupee gained 21 paise.
The rupee's rise against dollar came as capital outflow fears receded. The Fed's pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time, gives relief to emerging markets, including India.
Renewed buying by foreign funds in local equities too aided the rupee rise. FPIs/FIIs, after selling shares worth USD 120.70 million on Tuesday, picked up shares worth USD 29.29 mln Wednesday, as per Sebi data.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today zoomed by 480.92 points, or 1.81 per cent, to end one-week high.
0

Bonanza for flyers: Carriers offering massiv...Air India
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: It's raining bonanza for domestic and international air travellers, with several Indian and foreign carriers offering flash sales and discounts to attract the growing number of Indian flyers.
The latest in the list is British Airways which announced a flash one-day sale today, offering massive discount of up to 90 per cent on return tickets between Mumbai and London to commemorate nine decades of its India operations.
Under the offer, the lowest-priced Mumbai-London return ticket would start at Rs 40,252 for economy travel in the month of October this year, the airline said in a statement.
The flash sale came weeks after the prominent British carrier came out with a discount offer of up to 50 per cent on flights from India to select destinations in the UK , the USA, Europe , Latin America and the Caribbean. This offer is valid for sale till September 30.
Earlier this week, Qatar Airways and Singaporean budget carrier Tigerair had also announced massive limited-period discounts hoping to corner a share of the Indian travel market.
While Tigerair offered a special one-way base fare of Rs 10 only to Singapore for Indian passengers to commemorate completion of its decade-long operations, Qatar Airways launched a global promotional offer of up to 25 per cent savings on tickets to over 140 destinations across the world.
Almost all Indian airlines like SpiceJet , IndiGo , GoAir , Jet Airways and Air India, have been offering discounted fares on domestic sectors almost on a month-to-month basis.
In a bid to take on competition from full-service airlines like Air India and Tata-SIA's proposed Vistara airline , Jet Airways also announced the launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December in order to consolidate it into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, a Jet statement said.
Low-priced air tickets offered by the Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by more than 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data has shown.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero shares surge 6% on plans to set up new ...Hero MotoCorp shares surge 6% on plans to set up new facility
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 06.31PM IST
Tags:
Hero General Manager
(Another Rs 1,500 crore will…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hero MotoCorp surged 6 per cent today, adding over Rs 3,100 crore to its investor wealth, after the company entered into a pact with Andhra Pradesh government for setting up a two-wheeler manufacturing plant in Chittoor district.
The two-wheeler maker's stock jumped 5.57 per cent to settle at Rs 2,998.15 on the BSE. In intra-day session, it climbed 8.45 per cent to Rs 3,080 -- its 52-week high.
At the NSE, the stock zoomed 6.06 per cent to end at Rs 3,000.
Following the surge in the stock, the company's market value rose by Rs 3,159.31 crore to Rs 59,869.31 crore.
Hero MotoCorp was the top gainer among the blue-chip scrips on both Sensex and Nifty.
Under the memorandum of understanding, the two-wheeler maker will invest Rs 1,600 crore on the main plant at Satyaveedu that will produce 1.8 million two wheelers in a phased manner.
Another Rs 1,500 crore will be invested on ancillary units, according to Hero General Manager (Corporate) Rakesh Vashisht .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Soars Nearly 2%  Gains Most in Over 3 MonthsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Soars Nearly 2%, Gains Most in Over 3 Months
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 17:03 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The BSE Sensex and Nifty Indian shares surged nearly 2 per cent on Thursday, posting their biggest daily gain in over three months, on hopes foreign buying would continue as country can better weather any Fed-related volatility due to improving fundamentals.
Traders said a report from a news channel that Standard & Poor's would raise its rating on India had also boosted shares. S&P officials were not immediately reachable for comment.
However, analysts say a full grade upgrade is unlikely given that India is at a "negative" outlook, meaning any move would likely first involve changing this to "stable."
The strong gains on Thursday made India an outlier given most other emerging Asian markets fell after the U.S. Federal Reserve suggested it could raise interest rates faster than expected when it starts increasing, although it renewed its pledge to keep borrowing costs low for a "considerable time."
Traders cited speculation of strong inflows into India, with investors noting the country could better weather any Fed-related volatility due to a recovery in domestic economy and the government's efforts to rein in deficit.
"India outperformed because we are the best stock market story in the world at this point. There is not many who can match our growth, stability and returns at this point," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer at Future Generali India Life Insurance.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.81 per cent, or 480.92 points, to end at 27,112.21, marking its second consecutive day of gains.
The Nifty rose 1.75 per cent, or 139.25 points, to end at 8,114.75, closing above the psychologically important 8,100 level.
Both the indexes marked their biggest daily gain since June 2. That contrasted sharply with the 0.5 per cent fall in MSCI Asia-Pacific ex-Japan.
Foreign portfolio investors have been the key drivers behind indexes that hit their record highs on Sept. 8, having bought a net $14.14 billion in shares so far this year, according to regulatory data.
Blue-chips led the gains. Larsen & Toubro rose 3.6 per cent, while Tata Motors ended 3.6 per cent higher.
Housing Development Finance Corp rose 3.4 per cent and ICICI Bank gained 2.3 per cent.
Zee Entertainment Enterprises surged 5.4 per cent ahead of its inclusion in the NSE index on Friday.
Among other large-cap gainers, Reliance Industries rose 1.6 per cent, while Tata Consultancy Services gained 2 per cent.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries gained 1.6 per cent after Merck & Co Inc said it had licensed its experimental psoriasis drug to the company.
Cloud solutions provider 8K Miles Software Services jumped 10 per cent to an all-time high of Rs 390.50 after Sundaram BNP Paribas bought 175,000 shares via a block deal.
However, among stocks that fell, ABB India ended 0.8 per cent down on profit-taking after rising 6.3 per cent in the previous session.
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Maharashtra: Ramdas Athawale claims Sharad Pawar invited him to join hands with NCP8
0
Mumbai: As major political coalitions in Maharashtra continue to squabble over seat sharing for the October 15 Assembly elections, attempts at poaching the rivals are afoot with RPI(A) leader Ramdas Athawale on Thursday claiming he was invited by NCP chief Sharad Pawar to join hands with his party.
RPI(A) is a constituent of 'Mahayuti', a rainbow alliance led by BJP and Shiv Sena. "Sharad Pawar called me up today and asked me to leave the Mahayuti and join hands with NCP to contest the upcoming state assembly polls. He said that he has been keenly watching the seat sharing problems in Mahayuti and asked me to reconsider my decision of staying on in the alliance," Athawale said.
Athawale, however, said he had no plans to exit the Mahayuti "as yet". "I told Pawar that though there are seat sharing problems in Mahayuti, I am confident they will agree to give us at least 10 seats," he said.
RPI(A) is a constituent of 'Mahayuti', a rainbow alliance led by BJP and Shiv Sena.
#sharad pawar #ncp #congress #ramdas athawale
"Coming back to power in the state post-elections is possible only if the Mahayuti fights the elections as one force. I hope the seat sharing pact gets finalised soon so we have a clear pre-poll scenario in front of us," he added.
Athawale, a Rajya Sabha member, was a long-standing ally of NCP but parted ways with it in 2011 and forged ties with the saffron coalition. Despite going separate ways politically, he is believed to have maintained close personal equations with Pawar.
Meanwhile, when contacted, state NCP president Sunil Tatkare and party spokesman Nawab Malik said they had no information about any such development. "We have not been intimated by the top leadership about any such development," they said.
1

Maharashtra polls: Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray meets party leaders as BJP demands more seats11
0
Mumbai: Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Thursday met his party leaders to discuss seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly polls. The meeting came about as ally Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) demanded 135 seats in the state.
BJP leader Amit Shah even said on Thursday that the BJP will form the government in the state. He made the comment while bargaining for seats with the Shiv Sena.
"We have moved two steps, now it is your turn. The BJP wants the matter to be solved keeping our self respect intact. Let us solve the matter soon. I can assure you that this time it will be a BJP government in Maharashtra," Shah said.
#shiv sena #bjp #uddhav thackeray #amit shah
The Shiv Sena has maintained that there is no trouble in the alliance but added that the Chief Ministerial candidate for Maharashtra will be from the Shiv Sena.
"The alliance is strong, we will contest together. In an alliance, such talks do happen. There was no tough talk in Maharashtra. A little negotiation does take place in an alliance, but there is no doubt that the CM candidate will be from Shiv Sena," he said.
0

Rajasthan: Girl buried in samadhi  declared deity by herparentsPrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 7:46 pm
A two-and-a-half-year-old girl who died late on Wednesday was buried in a ‘samadhi’ by her parents and declared a deity as the family claimed she had prophesied her exact time of death.
The incident took place in Kumher in Bharatpur district on Thursday morning and was brought to the notice of the local police when a tent was erected around her ‘samadhi’ and locals came to offer prayers at the burial site.
The parents, Vinod and Srimati, who belong to the nomadic Nat community claimed that the deceased used to say that she was a reincarnation of a deity and had prophesied her exact time of death at 12.05 am on Thursday. Hours after the girl died, the parents built a ‘samadhi’ and held prayers at the spot. Hearing of the incident, other locals gathered at the burial spot for prayers and made offerings.
When rumours of a possible live burial spread, the local police exhumed the body and sent it for post mortem. Though a report of the autopsy is yet to be submitted, the initial medical report states the cause of death as diarhhoea, police officials said. In its preliminary investigation, the Bharatpur police found that the girl had been unwell for several months.
Locals confirmed to The Indian Express that the girl used to refuse food and had health problems since birth. Her situation further deteriorated over the past few months leading to her death.
“Prima facie it appears that the parents might have wanted to earn money by deifying the deceased. It is a backward area and such superstitions are rampant. We have lodged a report under section 174 of CrPC and an inquiry has been initiated into the cause of death and if the parents have illegally earned money at the burial spot,” said Rahul Prakash, superintendent of police, Bharatpur.

Mitigate US stimulus withdrawal: India urges...You are here: Home > Collections > Currency
India calls for G20 swap lines to mitigate US stimulus withdrawal
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 07.30PM IST
Tags:
Brics
(The Fed indicated on Wednesday…)
CAIRNS (AUSTRALIA): India today suggested creation of currency swap lines among G20 nations to mitigate risks on emerging markets as the US gradually winds down its stimulus programme.
The US Federal Reserve's Quantitative Easing programme has impacted currencies, especially those of emerging economies including India.
Noting that the QE policy has had an impact on the "the currency markets of many of the emerging market economies," Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram has suggested currency swap lines among G20 nations.
"We should also be discussing G20 driven collaborative solutions which would reduce the impact of the possible near term repricing.
"... in order to ensure that the growth outcomes are still achieved, are there solutions that G20 can explore? Are swap lines a solution? Let us get the IMF to analyse whether it is so," Mayaram said while making an intervention at the G20 Deputies Meeting here.
He said that the International Monetary Fund (IMF) could be asked to look at the cost of the swap and compare those to the benefits.
"It is possible that the swap facility may never be used as it more of a confidence building measure, rather than actual ammunition.
"The benefits to the global financial system could potentially be large as it would reduce the amount of self-insurance that countries need to do," Mayaram said.
Under a currency swap arrangement, specific amounts of currencies are exchanged between the participating countries/entities to hedge exchange rate risks.
"... if the swap facilities do get used, the benefits would include a reduction in the negative shock to EM and global GDP," he said.
According to Mayaram, the decision on the exit from the QE programme that came in after the US Federal Reserve's meeting yesterday had an impact on the currency markets of many of the emerging market economies.
"The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies," he said.
The US Federal Reserve has decided to continue with near-zero interest rate regime and has cut down on asset purchases. However, it has not given a specific time frame on when the interest rates could be hiked.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airtel may have to pay Rs 436 cr for merging...Bharti Airtel may have to pay Rs 436 crore for merging Qualcomm 4G arm
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 06.42PM IST
Tags:
Airtel Broadband Services
(ABS holds broadband wireless…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, India's No. 1 carrier, may have to pay Rs 436 crore for merging its subsidiary Airtel Broadband Services Pvt Ltd (ABSPL) with itself, as it would mean a change in permits from that of an internet provider to a unified license.
According to an internal note of the telecom department (DoT), Airtel will have to pay the fee for merger since ABSPL had an internet service provider's ( ISP ) licence to provide wireless broadband but merging it with a unified licence (UL) holder will allow the company to provide all kinds of wireless telephony using the 4G spectrum, and not just internet.
Secondly, the merger & acquisition rules mandate that the company must pay the difference between the entry fee and the market-determined price for the spectrum to the government. Since Qualcomm had bought the airwaves in 2010 auctions, Bharti will now have to pay the current price of the amount, based on SBI PLR, "since the auction price is considered the market price only for one year after the auctions", the note stated.
Bharti Airtel had acquired San-Diego based Qualcomm's broadband wireless access (BWA) operations last year for an undisclosed amount and renamed it ABSPL. It had initially purchased a 49% stake in the company for $165 million. Qualcomm had acquired airwaves in four circles for Rs 4,912 crore in the 3G and BWA auctions.
After the acquisition Airtel now holds 4G spectrum in eight circles of Delhi, Mumbai, Punjab, Haryana, Kerala, Maharashtra, Kolkata and Karnataka.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NMDC seeks exploration licenceP_V_SIVAKUMAR Narendra Kothari, CMD, NMDC Ltd
Plans to open up new iron ore mines in Chhattisgarh, Karnataka
Bangalore, September 18:  
NMDC Limited has taken the initiative to intensify mineral exploration in its mines and to open new ones on its own or in joint venture with State governments or State government undertakings.
“NMDC today has begun the exercise with State mineral development organisations in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh, where we have actively engaged in iron ore exploration,” Narendra Kothari, chairman and managing director NMDC Limited, said at Federation of Indian Mineral Industries (FIMI) Mining Mazma expo.
“We plan to expand this exploration exercise to other States and in other minerals as well. We are targeting new areas in the country and abroad for exploration,” he added.
The company recently bought substantial stake in an Australian mineral exploration company and is expected to use it for both domestic and global operations.
NMDC is also pursuing permission from the Ministry of Mines to carry out mineral exploration in various parts of the country. “We want to do it at our own cost. We want to bear all the costs ourselves,” said Kothari. “To enhance the country’s resource base, the need of the hour is exploration,” he added.
NMDC has also, under Section 4-1 of the MMDR Act, asked the government to be allowed to do exploration work, along with IBM, GSI and MECI.
Production
The company is on course to achieve 32 million tonnes per annum by the end of 2014-15. “Expansion of iron ore production capacity from is going on smoothly from our existing mines,” Kothari said.
The company is the single largest iron ore producer, presently producing about 30 million tonnes of iron ore from three fully mechanised mines — Bailadila (in Chhattisgarh), and the Donimalai Iron Ore Mines and Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mine, in Karnataka.
The company is gearing to meet the expected demand spurt by enhancing production capabilities of existing mines and opening up new mines in the Bailadila and Donimalai sectors.
“NMDC is also in the process of securing mining leases in joint ventures with State governments. These include licences for SasangadaIron Ore Deposit and GhatkuriMine, in Jharkhand; Ramandurg Deposit –13, in Karnataka, and Bailadila, in Chhattisgarh.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Japans Mizuho Bank to start Ahmedabad operations in JuneJapan’s Mizuho Bank to start Ahmedabad operations in June
Our Bureau
Ahmedabad, Sept 18:  
 
Japanese bank, Mizuho Bank will start its operations in Ahmedabad from June this year, company’s chief executive officer, Kashiwagi informed in Gandhinagar today.
During a courtesy visit to Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, Kashiwagi mentioned that the bank, which already has obtained the license to operate in India from Reserve Bank of India, will launch its branch at Ahmedabad from June.
The Chief Minister also discussed about the services-partnership of Mizuho Bank in forthcoming Vibrant Gujarat-2015. She appealed to Kashiwagi to think about signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for partnership in developing Canal-Top Solar Power Project in Gujarat, a state government communiqué informed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Japan had proposed to initiate operations of Japanese bank in Gujarat.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Electra: pushing the envelopeEscalating fines make banks red line countries that need money most
By Jonathan Guthrie
Nomura’s Bennett warns on poor nations access to capital
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7f4eb7a-3f24-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J&K High Court seeks details of relief funds utilised by OmargovtThe funds and relief material were coming to the administration from various places, but these were not reaching the victims: Claimed the litigants. (Source: Shuaib Masoodi)
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:02 pm
The Jammu & Kashmir High Court on Thursday sought details of funds and other material so far utilised by Omar Abdullah government for relief and rehabilitation of the victims of recent flood fury in the state.
Issuing notice to the state and others, a division bench comprising Justice Virinder Singh and Justice D S Thakur sought by Tuesday a report from the Divisional Commissioner, Jammu, listing details of the funds and other material so far utilised by the administration for relief and rehabilitation of victims of the natural calamity. It also asked him to come up with plans about utilization of funds and relief material being received by it for flood victims.
This followed a public interest litigation filed by two practicing lawyers, Ajay Bakshi and T R Wani, alleging disbursement of relief to the victims of natural calamity at a slow pace across Jammu region. Their counsels, Sachin Dogra and A P Singh, drew court’s attention towards non-disbursement of any relief to victims in many parts of Jammu region especially those in hilly areas of Reasi and Rajouri districts. The funds and relief material were coming to the administration from various places, but these were not reaching the victims, they added.
Pointing out that both the rescue operations and relief measures shall go simultaneously, they said that people at various places were starving as the administration had not supplied them any ration so far. This was violative of Article 21 of the Indian Constitution, the counsels pointed out, adding that the administration instead of reaching out to the people was asking them to approach it with requisite documentary details for getting the relief. They sought court’s direction to the administration for fair and equitable distribution of relief material to victims of natural calamity across the region.
Meanwhile, Jammu Bar Association also joined the issue asking the state government to ensure fair and equitable distribution of relief material and funds received from Central government, different states, organizations, NGOs and individuals.
The Bar Association president and senior advocate, Mohinder Bhardwaj, asked the general public to approach them in case any injustice is done or relief denied to any flood victim. The Bar Association will provide free legal aid to flood victims, he added.
He also appealed to the medicos and para medical staff of the state government to provide free medical aid in flood hit areas until the normalization of situation there. The teachers shall also provide free education to children affected by floods and if needed, even take their extra classes, he said and asked the Education Department officials to prepared a list of flood hit students and distribute among them school uniforms and study material at the earliest.

Bill Melinda Gates in conversation with Chetan BhagatSep 18, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bill & Melinda Gates in conversation with Chetan Bhagat
Renowned author Chetan Bhagat talks to billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates and his wife Melinda on the art of giving.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bill & Melinda Gates in conversation with Chetan Bhagat
Renowned author Chetan Bhagat talks to billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates and his wife Melinda on the art of giving.
Post your opinion here
 
Microsoft founder and philanthropist Bill Gates is in India. This is his first visit after the Modi government took charge. Speaking with author Chetan Bhagat, Bill and his wife Melinda gates said they were enthused by the new government.
Bill Gates also urged the Modi government to increase its expenditure on healthcare.
 

Telangana: BJP criticises TRS government over  Hyderabad Liberation Day  issue6
0
Hyderabad: The BJP on Thursday hit out at the TRS government in Telangana for not officially celebrating the 'Hyderabad Liberation Day' and preventing it from organising the event inside Golconda Fort.
Police on Wednesday took BJP leaders and activists into preventive custody when they attempted to go to the historic Golconda Fort for hoisting the National Flag to celebrate the day.
BJP has been demanding for years that the Day, when the erstwhile state of Hyderabad was merged with Indian Union in 1948, be celebrated officially. "People believed in what you said and voted for you (in elections). The first liberation day celebrations after you came to power, you do that by a lathi-charge on us. You prevent liberation day celebrations from being held by sending us to jails! You file cases on us! You criticise us,"
BJP has been demanding for years that the Day, when the erstwhile state of Hyderabad was merged with Indian Union in 1948, be celebrated officially.
#telangana #trs #bjp #hyderabad liberation day
Telangana BJP president G Kishan Reddy said. In a departure from the tradition, the Telangana government had celebrated Independence Day this year inside the Golconda Fort.
Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao had also favoured celebrating the day in a grand fashion earlier, the BJP leader alleged. BJP would continue to fight till the celebrations are organised officially, he said.
Referring to the row over Hyderabad metro rail following reports that the concessionaire sought to exit the project due to different issues in contractual agreement, BJP floor leader in Legislative Assembly K Laxman said the state government should bring out a white paper on the subject.
3

India to support Israeli firms to set up dairy firms on PPPSep 18, 2014 at 07:53pm IST
India to support Israeli firms to set up dairy firms on PPP
15
0
New Delhi: India on Thursday said that it will extend all cooperation to Israeli companies keen to work in the dairy sector here under the public-private-partnership mode.
This issue was discussed at a meeting between the Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh and Israeli ambassador HE Daniel Carmon, an official statement said. Carmon shared that many Israeli companies were interested to work in India in the field of dairy under the PPP mode.
"India will extend all possible cooperation in this regard," said Singh, as per the statement. India and Israel have also agreed to renew the present agreement to cooperate in the field of agriculture beyond 2015.
The two nations had signed a bilateral agreement in 2008 for cooperation in agriculture and allied sectors.
#india #israel #ppp #radha mohan singh
The two nations had signed a bilateral agreement in 2008 for cooperation in agriculture and allied sectors. The pact has been extended twice till 2015. Within this framework, Israel has targeted to establish 28 Agriculture Centers of Excellence in nine states by 2015.
4

China backs India s bid for full membership of SCOSep 18, 2014 at 07:33pm IST
China backs India's bid for full membership of SCO
12
0
Beijing: China on Thursday backed India's bid for full membership in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), a Beijing-dominated security grouping.
"China backs India and Pakistan becoming members of the SCO as the group has agreed to expand its membership," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in a statement.
"Beijing believes the move will promote the organistion's further development and strengthen its efforts to safeguard regional security and boost common development, Hong said. Hong's statement came after Chinese President Xi Jinping himself announced China's backing for India's entry to the security organisation after extensive talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
"China backs India and Pakistan becoming members of the SCO as the group has agreed to expand its membership," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.
#india #china #sco #shanghai
"China welcomes and supports India to become a full member of the SCO," Xi said after the talks. India had formally applied for membership of SCO in its summit meeting in Dushanbe last week where External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had said India was ready to step up engagement with the security grouping.
The process to grant SCO membership to India is likely to be completed within one year. India has been an observer at SCO since 2005 and has generally participated at the ministerial-level at summits of the grouping which focuses mainly on security and economic cooperation in the Eurasian space.
SCO was founded at a summit in Shanghai in 2001 by the Presidents of Russia, China, Kyrgyz Republic, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. India, Iran and Pakistan were admitted as observers at the 2005 Astana Summit. The group has agreed to expand its membership in the backdrop of mounting concerns over Islamic militancy in the region.
China has been battling the rise of militancy in Xinjiang which borders Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, Afghanistan and several other Central Asian states. The Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman also said that it looks forward to reaching a consensus with India on jointly building the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road.
1

Solar pump scheme to slash farm power subsidy burden on discomsSolar pump scheme to slash farm power subsidy burden on discoms
Sadananda Mohapatra | Bhubaneswar Sep 18, 2014 07:54 PM IST
Reliance Infrastructure owned power distribution companies (discoms) in Odisha have welcomed the Centre's proposal to implement subsidy scheme for solar power-run pumps in the state, saying it would reduce subsidy burden on them.
The three discoms operated by Reliance in Odisha pay an average Rs 3 per unit to buy electricity from hydro and thermal power stations and charge the farmers only Rs 1.10 a unit, the rate fixed by the state government, though they do not get any subsidy for it.
"If solar pump scheme is implemented in Odisha, then it will reduce subsidy burden on us as farm power constitutes about 9 per cent of our total supply," said A K Bohra, chief executive officer of Central Service Office, the umbrella organization for three private discoms.
Power subsidy for farm sector is directly paid by some state governments to discoms, but many states, including Odisha, do not reimburse the money to them.
The three Reliance Infrastructure controlled discoms are North Eastern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Nesco), Western Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Wesco) and Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Southco).
The fourth discom operating in the state, Central Electricity Supply Utility (CESU), is managed by the state government under the supervision of Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC).
Out of total 27,145.84 million unit (mu) electricity demand projected by bulk power supplier Gridco Ltd for all four discoms in 2014-15, the Reliance Infra controlled discoms have estimated 18,045 mu power consumption in their respective areas. Out of it, around 1620 mu units will be consumed by water pumps for irrigating farm land.
The Centre's solar pump plan include an initial grant of Rs 7 crore for the current fiscal with a target of installing at least 1750 such pumps. Each installed unit is eligible for getting 30 per cent subsidy on total installation cost, the proposal said.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has insisted that the state government should match the subsidy amount provided by it to help the farmers bear the burden of huge initial capital cost.
It has also asked the state government to constitute a committee comprising key officials, which will monitor the implementation process and will provide additional input such as fertilizer linkage and crop sowing tips to the farmers to maximise the benefits of the irrigation project.
The Union ministry has earmarked Rs 400 crore to implement the scheme across the country.

NCPs demand for 144 seats in Maha polls justified: AjitPawarPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:20 pm
Justifying his demand for equal seat sharing, Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Thursday said past mistakes will not be repeated if NCP emerges as the single-largest party, as it did in 2004 assembly polls.
To a question on whether he would be the chief ministerial candidate, he told reporters that elected MLAs of the party would decide on their leader.
In 2004, NCP emerged as the single-largest party with 71 seats but ceded the chief ministerial post to ally Congress in return for two additional cabinet and three ministers of state.
Pawar said if NCP gets to form the government it would scrap toll levy and decision making would be faster. Referring to Congress MLA Prashant Thakur quitting the party to join BJP over the issue of Kharghar toll plaza, Pawar lamented that a young political activist like Prashant quit over this issue.
“40 per cent of the state population pass through the Khargar toll to come to Mumbai. I was in favour of the scrapping of the toll but Cidco and MMRDA would need to pay Rs 1200 cr to the government.. It was not a big deal but chief minister did not agree,” he said.
Pawar said the NCP demand for 144 seats was justified.
“It is a practical demand. Earlier, formulas were worked out on the basis of previous election results. So according to the latest Lok Sabha poll result we deserve equal sharing. There is no headway in Congress-NCP talks so far, he said. “Congress has rejected our demand for equal seats. We are hopeful that intervention of Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi will help to resolve the deadlock,” he said.

NCP s demand for 144 seats in Maha polls justified: Ajit PawarPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:20 pm
Justifying his demand for equal seat sharing, Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Thursday said past mistakes will not be repeated if NCP emerges as the single-largest party, as it did in 2004 assembly polls.
To a question on whether he would be the chief ministerial candidate, he told reporters that elected MLAs of the party would decide on their leader.
In 2004, NCP emerged as the single-largest party with 71 seats but ceded the chief ministerial post to ally Congress in return for two additional cabinet and three ministers of state.
Pawar said if NCP gets to form the government it would scrap toll levy and decision making would be faster. Referring to Congress MLA Prashant Thakur quitting the party to join BJP over the issue of Kharghar toll plaza, Pawar lamented that a young political activist like Prashant quit over this issue.
“40 per cent of the state population pass through the Khargar toll to come to Mumbai. I was in favour of the scrapping of the toll but Cidco and MMRDA would need to pay Rs 1200 cr to the government.. It was not a big deal but chief minister did not agree,” he said.
Pawar said the NCP demand for 144 seats was justified.
“It is a practical demand. Earlier, formulas were worked out on the basis of previous election results. So according to the latest Lok Sabha poll result we deserve equal sharing. There is no headway in Congress-NCP talks so far, he said. “Congress has rejected our demand for equal seats. We are hopeful that intervention of Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi will help to resolve the deadlock,” he said.

Ladakh stand-off continues: Chinese helicopters drop food for PLAChumar
(Official sources said helicopters…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: Tension persisted in Chumar area in Northeast Ladakh where Chinese troops were reported to have stepped up their presence in the wee hours of today camping at three places in the Indian territory and refusing to vacate.
Official sources said helicopters regularly air dropped food packets for the Chinese People's Liberation Army(PLA) personnel numbering around 600 at the three areas in Chumar, 300 km east of Leh .
The sources said both the Indian and Chinese armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other, as the continuing standoff in Demchok and Chumar cast a shadow on today's summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping in New Delhi.
India also rushed reinforcements to the area and were not allowing the Chinese troops to proceed further and also asking them to retreat to their side.
Sources said that neither side has asked for a fresh Flag Meeting following the incident in Chumar which has been an epicentre of heightened activities of the Chinese army who were making repeated attempts to enter through this area.
According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Chinese helicopters were seen hovering at least thrice during the day air dropping food packets for its troops, they said.
The Chinese side had been constructing a road on their side of LAC but on Sunday, its workers entered into Indian side to carry on the construction.
This was objected by the Indian side as Chinese workers were making assertions that they have instructions to build a road upto Tible, five kilometres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws of entering into the country illegally.
However, during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, nearly 100 Indian soldiers were reported to have been encircled by 300 Chinese PLA men after which a face-off started and continues till date.
The two sides have held two flag meetings so far which included a marathon discussion yesterday that continued for several hours and remained inconclusive.
Meanwhile, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads -- Rebos -- had pitched their tents continued. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory and has been frequenting the area with helicopter incursions almost every year.
In 2012, the PLA dropped some of its soldiers in this region and dismantled the makeshift storage tents of the Army and ITBP.
The area is not accessible from the Chinese side whereas the Indian side has a road almost to the last point on which the Army can carry loads up to nine tonnes.
Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) last year as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar.
Again, Chumar witnessed Chinese troops walking away with an Army surveillance camera on June 17 which was meant for keeping an eye on the PLA troops patrolling there. The same camera was returned after a few days.
During winter this year, Chinese soldiers attempted to enter this area riding on horses. The area witnessed frequent incursion attempts by the Chinese troops who had also adopted 'assertive posturing'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A toast to fine cinemaUpdated: September 18, 2014 20:54 IST
A toast to fine cinema
Bhawani Cheerath
The Hindu A scene from Artist
The Hindu Scene from Ship of Theseus
The Hindu A still from CR No 89
TOPICS
Art cinema
The Filca Film Festival, which starts on September 26, is an eclectic blend of films
Filca’s 14th film festival scheduled to commence on September 26 will screen a selection of 35 films, during the course of a week, which will include feature films and a documentary.
The festival will be set rolling with the screening of the Malayalam film CR No 89 by Sudevan. The inaugural film, which received the State Award for Best Film (2013), the NETPAC Award at International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK) last year, and the Aravindan Puraskaram, adopts a unique approach to laying bare the fissures in our society.
A no-frills film, CR No 89 maintains a pace and a starkness which grabs viewer attention, and raises our curiosity in no time.
Sharing the space in the Malayalam Cinema segment is yet another noteworthy film, Artist, by established director Shyamaprasad. The commendable acting by Ann Augustine in the female lead becomes the added ingredient that enhanced the quality of this film.
Asthamayam Vare, a debut film by Sajin Babu, is the other film that finds a place in the list of Malayalam films. The Retrospective, which features Theo Angelopoulos’ seven films, will give us a mind map of the less familiar Greece.
On his death in 2012, a tribute described his oeuvre of films thus: ‘The films of Angelopoulos remind us of another Greece and a different humanity. In his dreamlike historical films, he chronicled the melancholic nature of a nation torn between an invented tradition of classical glories and a traumatic history of repressive state policies, dictatorship, corrupt and dynastic politics. He narrated the lowly lives of the defeated in the vicious civil war of 1946-9, the degradations and melancholy of exile, the Odysseus-like return of people who go back to a place they nurtured in their memories but turns out alien and unwelcoming.’
The Hunters, Ulysses Gaze, The Weeping Meadow, The Beekeeper, Eternity and a Day, The Suspended Step of the Stork, and The Landscape in the Mist will take us through the films that portray the Greek soul.
The Festival has films from two countries, both of which attract the local film enthusiast – China and Iran. Films by Jia Zhangke – Touch of Sin, Wu Tianming – King of Masks, Tian Zhuang Zhuang – Horse Thief, Zhang Yimou – Red Sorghum, Wong Kar-wai – The Grandmaster, figure among those from China.
Here is an interesting coming together of films by Wu Tianming and the ‘Fifth Generation’ filmmakers (Zhang Yimou and Tian Zhuang Zhuang) many of whom were mentored by the former at the Xi’an Film Studio. The Iranian package has films by Daruish Mehrjui – Beloved Sky, Alireza Raeisian – Forty Years Old, Humayoun Assadiyan – Gold and Copper, Nadir Moghadas – Family Bond, Masud Naqqashzadeh – The Child and Angel, and Mohammad Reza Bozorgina – Blue Silky Path.
The Indian Cinema this time is a lean one when one looks at numbers –Charulata by Satyajit Ray and Ship of Theseus by Anand Gandhi. This is the fiftieth year of Ray’s masterpiece, and what better way to remember the film and its maker than to watch the film again.
The Missing Picture by Rithy Panh is a documentary, which is not just a take on the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, but is also the reclamation of a family’s ordeal to trace its experience under the Khmer regime. Rocket by Kim Mordaunt, which was earlier screened at the IFFK, finds a place among films in the World Cinema section.
Filca pays tribute to cinematographer-director, the late Balu Mahendraa with the screening of Moondram Pirai (1982).
The films will be screened at the University Students’ Centre Hall, PMG Junction, Thiruvananthapuram.

Portrait of a writer-directorSpecial Arrangement Dulquer Salmaan in Njan
Special Arrangement Dulquer Salmaan in a scene from Njan
THE HINDU Malayalam filmmaker Ranjith Photo:S. Mahinsha
TOPICS
Malayalam cinema
Njan, Ranjith’s latest film, is a socio-political exploration of the Malabar of yore through the eyes of the protagonist played by Dulquer Salmaan.
Ranjith is a connoisseur of words and images, of expressions that carry multitude of meanings and of visuals that go beyond the obvious. Perhaps that explains his success as a writer and director and why his scripts and films have a special place in Malayalam cinema; a place that the versatile director has made for himself by dint of his sterling work as a writer, director, producer and actor. From a writer of blockbusters, Ranjith moved on to tackle social issues, political subjects, suspense, mystery and romance without alienating himself or his work from the box office. In the process he unearthed talents and helped many youngsters to shape their own vision of cinema.
In addition, Ranjith has put his money where his mouth is and taken the lead to produce and distribute films that he felt deserved to be made and screened. While Njan, his latest film, an adaptation of T.P. Rajeevan’s book, KTN Kottoor: Ezhuthum Jeevithavum, reaches theatres today, Munnariyuppu, produced by him, is still running in theatres.
As Ranjith makes his mark as producer and distributor, the director sits down to take some questions on his films and cinema.
What is Njan about?
The story begins on August 15, 1947 when KTN Kottoor, a man in his thirties, is said to have been last seen on a beach in Chennai. A poet and political activist, he was active in political and literary circles in Malabar but never moved centre stage to etch his name in history. He symbolises many such activists who were/are the lifeline of any movement. They remain anonymous or, at best, as footnotes in the pages of history. We don’t know their names or their achievements or about their families. But each person must have had his/her own story. KTN Kottoor, a fictional character, was one such person.
Through Kottoor, we step into the main political movements that rocked Malabar and meet the leaders who were at the forefront of those struggles.
Any particular reason for choosing this theme?
I wanted to take up this story to remind our viewers about the history of our State and her people. Many people, especially youngsters, seem to live in the present or the future. They have no interest in the past and don’t want to know either. I want to give such people a glimpse of all those who have shaped our land and language. All this was not created out of a vacuum.
You have also written the script of the film.
Yes, I have taken some liberties to relate the story to the times we lives in. Thus there is a blogger Ravi who writes under the name of KTN Kottoor, a writer with a social conscience. Ravi, played by Dulquer Salmaan, is also a theatre activist in a troupe called Root. He is trying to decode the story of this man who vanished into the mists of time. He is on a quest and that is when he travels back in time to understand the man, the activist and the poet.
You worked with Mammootty in Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathira Kolapathakathinte Katha, and now with his son, Dulquer, in Njan. Any comparisons?
None whatsoever. Dulquer is an extremely hardworking actor with his feet firmly planted on the group. His success or his fan following has not given him starry airs or graces. His involvement in every scene is total. I could not have asked for someone better than him for this role.
The women characters in the film...
All have the same importance and space but there is no heroine as such in the film. Mythili, Jyothi Krishna, Anumol, Sajitha Madathil, Muthumani and newcomer Shruthi Ramakrishnan act as the female leads.
The music in this film is also special. It has five poems written by Rafeeq Ahamed and recited by Sreevalsan J. Menon, Kottakkal Madhu, Bijibal and Ratheesh. The background score has been composed by Bijibal. Joy Mathew, Ranji Panicker, Saiju Kurup, Irshad, Harish Peradi and Suresh Krishna play key characters in the film. I must also mention the camera work by Manoj Pillai that plays a vital part in the film that crosses several time zones between the past and the present.
Even as Munnariyuppu, produced by you, is still running in theatres, your next film releases. Any apprehensions about the film or its fate at the box office?
No anxiety at all. But my partners of Gold Coin Motion Picture Company, the producers and distributors of Njan, have trusted me completely with their hard-earned money and I am concerned about them. I am extremely happy about Munnariyuppu. It has been directed by Venu, a dear friend. The film's success prove that viewers appreciate good cinema. There is no point getting agitated when a film does not win the viewers’ appreciation. I think the viewer today is intelligent enough to recognise a good film.
There is widespread concern about the role of social media and critics...
It is all unnecessary fuss. However there is concern about the kind of language used. Criticism should be about the film and the filmmaking and the language should be temperate. Criticism about a film should not degenerate into personal abuse of a person or persons or their private lives.
You have many roles in the film industry in Kerala. What is your favourite role?
I am passionate about good cinema. That does not mean I am contemptuous of the box office. But I feel certain films must be made and screened. When Joy Mathew was looking for a distributor for Shutter, we stepped in and distributed the film along with Seven Arts. In the case of Munnariyuppu, we produced the film but did not distribute it. Njan is being produced by Gold Coin and distributed by us.
So, what is your reaction to frequently heard complaints about lack of theatres to show films that are not mainstream?
There aren’t enough theatres to screen all the films that are made. A city like Thiruvananthapuram is better off when compared to Kozhikode or smaller towns in Kerala. We need more multiplexes. There is no point in blaming theatre owners alone. But the government can certainly help offbeat cinema by helping its makers screen their films. Finally, if a film is good, nothing can stop viewers from watching it and appreciating it.
New projects
I am writing a script for G.S. Vijayan. My next film will be with Fahadh Faasil in January. That will be shot in Kozhikode.

Teens And The Toll Of Internet Addictionteens and the toll of internet addiction
Coming Up: Hagel Appears at House ISIS Hearingcoming up: hagel appears at house isis hearing
Financials rise on interest rate expectationsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Stronger China not a threat to anyone: XiStronger China not a threat to anyone: Xi
We have a long-term view for India: Ikea India CEOWe have a long-term view for India: Ikea India CEO
Congress responsible for Punjab s fiscal problems: BadalCongress responsible for Punjab s fiscal problems: Badal
US Fed outcome  China ties send shares soaring; Nifty up 1.7%US Fed outcome  China ties send shares soaring; Nifty up 1.7%
SC seeks stand of NDA government on gas pricingSC seeks stand of NDA government on gas pricing
Cautious global buyers delay soyabean contracts as prices fallCautious global buyers delay soyabean contracts as prices fall
Vishwanath Kulkarni
Importers yet to show any interest as delayed harvest could impact prices
Bangalore, September 18:  
Indian soyameal exporters are awaiting orders from overseas buyers, who have delayed their contracts on current global bearish trend in prices even as a clearer picture is yet to emerge on the domestic crop size as harvesting gets delayed by about a month.
Last year around this time, the Indian exporters had already signed contracts for shipments of close to a million tonnes as harvesting had already begun.
“There are hardly any enquiries. People are not taking positions as they don’t want to take any risks,” said Raju Choksi, Vice-President at Anil Nutrients, which also exports soyameal.
Delayed harvest
The harvest, this year, has been delayed by about a month as the planting was pushed back on late arrival of monsoons.
Meanwhile, patchy on and off showers across the key growing regions in Madhya Pradesh and parts of Maharashtra is helping the crop. Trade sources peg the crop at around 10 million tonnes.
Last year, excess rains and delayed withdrawal of monsoon had impacted the harvesting process resulting in poor quality beans.
“The crop seems to be okay at this point in time. If there is nothing untoward till the harvest, we should have a crop similar to that of last year,” said Rajesh Agarwal, spokesperson for Soyabean Processors Association of India.
He said that overseas buyers including Iran – the biggest buyer, are yet to show any interest for the Indian meal.
Correction in prices
Some deals for the new crop have happened, but that is mainly among the traders themselves. Bean prices are already in a correction mode, following the global trend.
Prices have corrected lower by about 10 per cent in the past one month to around $440 a tonne and they should come down further for India to be competitive in the international market, Choksi added.
According to the Government estimates, soyabean has been planted on about 10.96 million hectares against last year’s 12.17 million hectares.
The drop in acreage is mainly on account of delayed and poor rains.
The seasonal deficit in rainfall stood at 12 per cent for the June 1-September 18 period. Latest Government estimates had pegged last year’s soyabean output at 11.98 million tonnes.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

For the 5th year in a row  surplus seen in sugar outputFor the 5th year in a row, surplus seen in sugar output
Our Bureau
Production may rise 5% to 250 lakh tonnes, says Indian Sugar Mills Association
New Delhi, September 17:  
The country’s sugar production is likely to increase five per cent to 250-255 lakh tonnes (lt) next season starting October despite a one per cent drop in sugarcane acreage, according to Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA).
A statement released by the ISMA on Wednesday said that another surplus production is likely for the fifth consecutive year. This season, production was 243 lt against 230-240 lt domestic demand.
“On the basis of September 2014 satellite images, ISMA estimates the total cane acreage at 5.29 million hectares, which is just about one per cent less compared with last year,” said the statement.
Production is estimated to rise by 20 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, in Maharashtra and Karnataka, the two key cane-producing States. However, ISMA estimates that Uttar Pradesh, the State owing a bulk of Rs 7,760 crore cane arrears to farmers, will see its production fall to 6 lt from 6.5 lt.
Sugarcane acreage in Tamil Nadu has particularly been impacted by poor rainfall and is some 12-13 per cent lower, as a result of which sugar output is expected to decline by nearly 20 per cent, ISMA said.
Export incentives
With an estimated 72-75 lt of opening stock likely on October 1, which is 25 lt more than domestic requirement, ISMA wants the Government continue the export subsidy to help inject some liquidity into the cash-starved industry. Surplus stocks could hurt depressed prices even further and increase worries for debt-ridden mills around the country, it said.
The Government is currently providing export subsidy of Rs 3,371/quintal of sugar.
“As already decided in February 2014 by the Government, it is important to continue with the export incentive scheme for raw sugar in the 2014-15 sugar season,” said ISMA.
The sugar industry reiterated that to deal with surplus sugar, it would convert cane juice into ethanol to be blended with petrol according to the mandatory 5 per cent requirement.
“One billion litres of additional ethanol procurement can reduce about 1.7 million tonnes of surplus sugar from the market.
This can help the industry with better cash flows and they can pay cane price to the farmers on time in the next sugar season,” said ISMA.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Work in progress for guidelines on wilful defaulters  says SEBI chiefWork in progress for guidelines on wilful defaulters, says SEBI chief
Shishir Sinha
Listed firms to soon publish Annual Information Memorandum
New Delhi, Sept 17:  
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India plans to ask listed companies to mandatorily put out an Annual Information Memorandum.
The regulator is also working on guidelines for action against wilful defaulters.
The Annual Memorandum will be a compilation of all the disclosures that are now made under various regulations, including the listing agreement. The move is to bring more transparency and easier regulatory oversight.
Wilful defaulters
On wilful defaulters, SEBI Chairman UK Sinha, talking to reporters on the sidelines of a CII event, clarified that currently there is no restriction on such entities from raising money from the capital market. This issue came to the fore after United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines a wilful defaulter, while other banks are in the process of doing so. A wilful defaulter is an entity that does not repay a loan intentionally and also diverts money for purposes other than that for which the money was provided.
Though the RBI shares its list of wilful defaulters with SEBI to prevent their accessing the capital market, in the absence of proper norms, it is difficult to debar these entities.
Now, the Centre is also working on a new law to deal with wilful defaulters for which a Bill is likely to be introduced in the winter session of Parliament. The provisions of the new Bill are expected to include attachment of property, change in management besides other legal action against the promoters.
Info memorandum
Listing the benefits of publishing the Annual Information Memorandum, Sinha said, “First, you will not face undue litigation from regulators. Second, if you are going to raise some funds, debt or equity, you don’t have to update the information again and again.”
The memorandum will also state risk the factors for a company and industry, give an overview of sectors, legal proceedings and information on material events.
Sinha said that the memorandum requirement will be introduced through guidelines and by amending the corporate governance norms. “Work on this project has already started.”
“This will be a far reaching move because today a corporation that has filed everything as per SEBI requirement can still be hauled up, which is a lacuna in our system,” he said, adding that if an entity has filed some information under the takeover regulations as well as part of disclosure requirements, both are taken separately.
“So, for an analyst, a shareholder and a stakeholder, this becomes a problem. It also becomes a problem for corporations that are willing to comply,” he added.
Follow-on-public offer
The SEBI chief said the regulator would also come out with a discussion paper soon for reducing the time-frame for approval of Follow-on Public Offers.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Xi @ Gandhijis abodexi @ gandhijis abode
Sony shares plunge as more losses loomSony shares plunge as more losses loom
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 18, 2014: 8:09 AM ET
 
Sony smartphones sink the stock
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Investors dumped Sony shares Thursday after the company said it expected to fall deeply into the red this year with a loss of more than $2 billion.
Shares closed down 8.6% in Tokyo markets, after falling as much as 13% during the day. Tokyo stocks overall performed much better, edging up by 1%.
Sony ( SNE ) said yesterday that it expected to post a net loss of 230 billion yen ($2.1 billion) for its fiscal year ending March 2015. That's nearly five times the 50 billion yen loss the company previously forecast.
The hit is entirely due to major losses in Sony's mobile communications business, which is facing fierce competition in the mid-range market for smartphones.
The company now plans to focus on boosting its premium smartphone models, and to scale back on its mid-range offerings.
Credit ratings agency Standard and Poor's warned Thursday that it is now considering downgrading the company's debt to junk status.
 
Sony's hottest CES gadgets in 90 seconds
"We believe it will not be easy for Sony to maintain brand recognition and generate stable profitability," S&P said, citing intense competition from Chinese rivals, which is depressing prices and margins.
S&P said it would continue to review Sony's earnings and restructuring efforts. If it does downgrade Sony to junk, that would bring its rating in line with Moody's, which issued a downgrade in January.
A poor performance this year will pile the pressure on Sony management. The company posted a net loss of 128.4 billion yen last year, and CEO Kazuo Hirai has his work cut out to turn the company around.
Some investors demanding dramatic changes have largely gone ignored.
Activist hedge fund manager Dan Loeb of Third Point pressed Hirai for a more far-reaching restructuring of the company, suggesting it spin off the film and music division. Sony's board rejected Loeb's plan.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 4:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Low in Bay of Bengal fetches rain for peninsular India‘Low’ in Bay of Bengal fetches rain for peninsular India
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 18:  
Typhoon Kalmaegi in the South China Sea has made a landfall over southwest China-Vietnam coast but an induced low-pressure area persists in the Bay of Bengal.
The ‘low’ has sustained the monsoon over the peninsular east, with coastal Andhra Pradesh and Rayalaseema receiving moderate to heavy rainfall until this morning.
New pacific storm
Thundershowers broke out also over coastal Odisha, north interior Karnataka, Konkan-Goa, Telangana, Kerala and Tamil Nadu during this period.
This is even as Typhoon Kalmaegi while making landfall seems to have sent in another wave over rainfall over Indochina, the Myanmar and Bangladesh coasts and northeast India.
Meanwhile, the northwest Pacific has produced a fresh tropical storm Fung-Wong, but it is forecast to track in the opposite direction towards Taiwan and further to the northeast eyeing Japan.
This would take away the residual monsoon flows heading into the Bay of Bengal, and oversee the weakening of the existing ‘low’ in the Bay somewhere over east India.
‘Big dry’ advancing
It would also help with the process of the withdrawal of the monsoon over northwest and central India. But some rain would linger over peninsular India, especially the western flanks, right until the month-end.
The ‘Big Dry,’ or the seasonal dry weather that follows the monsoon and coalesces into the winter, is shown as entrenching the west and northwest before covering the eastern parts of the country over this period.
Western and coastal Maharashtra, coastal Karnataka, parts of Kerala and south Tamil Nadu are looking like the last posts where the monsoon tail would wag during the last week of the month.
The next big weather event would be the arrival of the northeast monsoon (or monsoon in retreat) over peninsular India which would coincide with the onset of winter over north and east India.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

NYPD beefs up Times Square security after online call for Lone Wolf attacksBy Abby Ohlheiser September 18 Follow @abbyohlheiser
New York City police officers stand guard in Times Square on Sept. 17. (Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
The New York Police Department has increased security in Times Square after a post on an Islamic State-affiliated message board encouraged “Lone Wolves in America” to attack New York and other locations across the country. However, law enforcement officials stressed that they have no credible information about specific terror plots in the city, according to the Associated Press .
NYPD Commissioner William Bratton said the beefed up security “is something we’d normally do at this time of year anyway,” referring to upcoming Jewish holidays and the annual gathering of international dignitaries for the United Nations General Assembly in the city. Bratton, the New York Times reported , acknowledged that the Islamic State’s online recruitment efforts are “a current threat.” But, Bratton said: “There is no direct actionable intelligence in our possession that indicates an attack in the Times Square area or anywhere else in the city for that matter.”
According to Vocativ’s report on the message-board thread, which Vocativ uncovered using web-scanning software, the post reads, “To the Lone Wolves in America: How to Make a Bomb in Your Kitchen, to Create Scenes of Horror in Tourist Spots and Other Targets.” It goes on to encourage readers to target Las Vegas and New York City, among other U.S. cities, according to Vocativ.
The message-board posting reportedly includes bomb-instruction manuals from al-Qaeda’s Inspire magazine, allegedly the same bomb-making guide  the Tsarnaev brothers used to construct the explosives in the Boston Marathon bombings.
John Miller, the NYPD’s counterintelligence chief, told the Associated Press that officials hadn’t authenticated the posting in question, or confirmed who put it online. The language appears to be similar to that of at least one recent al-Qaeda-affiliated publication, which called for car bomb attacks in New York and Las Vegas, and at military colleges. An issue of Inspire magazine earlier this year called for similar attacks in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, northern Virginia and at the U.S. Open.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

US Stocks Buoyed After Fed Continues Low RatesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

India signs 16 agreements with China  to get USD 20 bn investment in 5 yearsIndia signs 16 agreements with China  to get USD 20 bn investment in 5 years
Amazon releases new Fire tablets and e-readersAmazon releases new Fire tablets and e-readers
By Laurie Segall   @LaurieSegallCNN September 18, 2014: 9:54 AM ET
 
See Amazon's new tablets in :60
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Amazon has released a new set of tablets and e-readers.
A $79 Kindle and the Kindle Voyage are the company's new e-reader offerings.
"This is our thinnest, highest resolution, highest contrast e-reader we've ever done," Amazon VP Peter Larsen said of the Kindle Voyage, which starts at $199.
"We have a long term-vision to replace paper," Senior Vice President of Devices David Limp said at the launch event in New York Wednesday.
That translates to e-readers with higher resolution and contrast display. By releasing a cheaper e-reader, Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) hopes to tap into markets like India and China.
Related: Apple says iOS 8 will shield your data from police
The company also unveiled new Fire tablets, including one aimed at children. Their Fire HD Kids Edition comes with a two-year "worry-free" warranty.
The tablet is equipped with Amazon FreeTime, a feature that lets parents manage what their children can access.
Other new tablets include the 6-inch Fire HD, a tablet the company is touting as "the most powerful tablet under $100" and a $140 7-inch Fire HD tablet.
To prove the durability of Amazon's Fire HD tablets,Larsen said the company puts the tablets through the ringer, blasting everything from salt water to sunscreen on them and placing them inside a tumbler, which simulates the inside of a purse or backpack.
Executives also introduced the Fire HDX, showing off new audio features. As part of the demo, executives said the tablet was 20% lighter than the Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) iPad Air, and had a million more pixels.
All devices are available online for pre-order and will begin shopping in October.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 9:54 AM ET
Most Popular

Red Band Societys weird fantasy of medical costsBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 18 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Brian Bradley, Nolan Sotillo, Griffin Gluck and Charlie Rowe from the “Red Band Society,” which premiered on Sept. 17. (AP Photo/Fox, Annette Brown)
“Red Band Society,” a new drama about very ill, very young patients at a teaching hospital which premiered on Fox last night, is a strange beast. It is narrated by a precocious coma patient and set in what Slate television critic Willa Paskin describes as “the swankiest hospital that has ever existed…which includes Danish modern furniture in at least one room and very sick people who do not look poorly at all.”
And most of all, it seems to be set in a fantasyland where everyone — even kids who sneak over the border between Mexico and the United States without their parents — can have as much health care as they want, any time they want it, without a worry in the world about how it will get paid for.
When I asked “Red Band Society” creator Margaret Nagle about this quirk of the show at the Television Critics Association press tour in July, her response struck me as a touch optimistic.
“One of my cousins who is at Scripps in San Diego, they have kids come over the border all the time. They actually do at UCLA too. And they at the hospital are required to take care of that patient as long as possible,” she told me. “This is a teaching hospital. So, like, UCLA, when this happens, and it happens all the time, they’ll take that patient on because they’re a teaching hospital and they can cover the insurance because they can try a drug potentially on them. They can bring them in and use them to teach other people, which is what’s going to happen in this situation.”
The benefits of treating patients with rare diseases might cover some of the characters’ situations on “Red Band Society.” But I am not sure this is a plausible explanation for all of them.
Emma (Ciara Bravo) is a member of the titular society because she is undergoing long-term hospitalization to treat her anorexia. In 2010, the New York Times reported that in-patient treatment for eating disorders  might run to $30,000 a month , and insurance coverage can be a challenge. The National Association of Anorexia Nervosa and Assorted Disorders has an entire section on its website on what to do if a health insurance company denies coverage for any eating disorder-related treatment. And while the Affordable Care Act was intended to expand mental health coverage , the benchmarks it set up for states to follow do not necessarily include coverage of treatment for eating disorders .
If Emma’s family is wealthy enough to cover perpetual in-patient care for her, or if her parents won a battle with her insurer that allows her to stay in the hospital indefinitely, those are fine explanations for how the cost of her care is being covered. “Red Band Society” would do better to work those details into the show than to hand-wave at them, though. Money may not be a comfortable subject, but in this case, it is a quick way to help us understand more about Emma and her family (and maybe the source of that Danish modern furniture).
“Red Band Society” does better in its pilot episode with Kara (Zoe Levin), an obnoxious cheerleader who turns out to have an enlarged heart after she collapses during practice. When traces of a wide array of substances turn up in her bloodwork, she and her parents learn that her past behavior could exclude her from a transplant.
“Oh, the heart thing is a big thing,” Nagel said. “There are not enough hearts to go around. So they have to screen you, and their criteria is are you going to make the most of your life with that new heart. And if you don’t value your life, you’re not going to get a heart and you have to go to the heart board. You have to be screened. Sometimes you have to go back two, three, four times.”
Executive producer Justin Falvey promised the crowd of critics that the team of medical consultants for “Red Band Society” would help keep the show in “a realistic and grounded place,” and that “certainly we’ll address some of these questions down the road.” I hope that proves true. Taking on insurance issues and medical boards would be a great way for the show to generate real stakes and drama, rather than, as Vulture’s Margaret Lyons put it , “[making] hospital stays seem like a spread in an Urban Outfitters catalogue.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

President Obamas Constitution Day ProclamationBy Jonathan H. Adler September 18
Yesterday, in honor of Constitution Day (and Citizenship Day and Constitution Week), President Obama issued a proclamation .  I was struck by the following passage:
Our Constitution reflects the values we cherish as a people and the ideals we strive for as a society.  It secures the privileges we enjoy as citizens, but also demands participation, responsibility, and service to our country and to one another.
I think it’s fair to say that this statement reflects a contested view of our nation’s founding document and what it means.  In particular, many would contest the President’s invocation of “privileges” as opposed to rights, as well as the suggestion that the Constitution “demands participation, responsibility, and service.”  Indeed, I suspect this is not the view of the Constitution presented yesterday at 1000 Massachusetts Ave .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Xi Jinpings India visit cant have a clear balance sheet because a major item is confoundingProfit or loss?(AP Photo /Manish Swarup)
SHARE
Devjyot Ghoshal & Diksha Madhok
September 18, 2014
By the statements made in New Delhi this afternoon, India and China are set to conclude a successful meeting between prime minister Narendra Modi and president Xi Jinping.
But transgressions at the border that necessitated flag meetings between the two armies even as summit level meetings took place highlighted the big outstanding issue between India and China, who have gone to war once—the contentious boundary.
The two countries signed new agreements that will doubtless bring the Asian giants closer. Yet China’s border policy, and its confounding execution, makes it very hard for India to take assurances from the highest levels in China seriously.
The intention to peacefully settle the border issue, which Xi articulated today, has been stated before.
For instance, when Chinese premiere Li Keqiang visited Delhi in May last year—shortly after Indian and Chinese troops faced off in Ladakh, where a similar standoff is currently ongoing—the vexed issue of the border dispute was seen as central to bilateral relations. “The basis for continued growth and expansion of our ties is peace and tranquility on our borders,” the then Indian prime minister, Manmohan Singh said, after meeting Li.
In his own statement , the Chinese premiere further mentioned: “Pending the resolution of the boundary question, the two sides shall work together to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas in line with the previous agreements.”
But the reality is that “transgressions”—as the government terms them—along the India-China border have significant increased in recent years.
Share
Tap image to zoom
“Based on the seven-month data the Home ministry provided for 2014 (through August 4), Chinese transgressions appear well on track to substantially exceed the 400-plus levels of the previous two years,” Council on Foreign Relations senior fellow Alyssa Ayres wrote earlier this week.
“It’s hard to reconcile this pattern with the economic cooperation messaging happening in parallel,” she added.
After their meeting today, Modi and Xi, too, reiterated the importance of the border dispute.
“I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” Modi said. “We agreed that peace and tranquility in the border region constitutes an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence and for realizing the full potential of our relationship.”
 Why Xi, despite being the commander of the Chinese military, couldn’t create a more amicable atmosphere for his India visit is puzzling. 
Xi said that since the border was yet to be demarcated, sometimes there were “certain incidents”, although both sides had been able to manage these situations. He added that China was keen to “settle the boundary question at an early date”, and would maintain peace till that happened.
But even as Modi and Xi met in Delhi, “soldiers from both sides had faced off on the Ladakh plateau for over a week in a dispute about infrastructure works”, Reuters reported . There is, though, an element of confusion in the incursions, or “transgressions”. Since certain parts of the border between India and China have never been agreed upon, both countries claim some parts to be theirs. So when India alleges a transgression, it is based on the boundary India claims and China does not recognize, and vice versa.
Still, why Xi, despite being the commander of the Chinese military, couldn’t create a more amicable atmosphere for his India visit visit is puzzling.
But China is known to be assertive in territorial disputes, talks not withstanding. In the South China Sea dispute, too, with members of the 10-nation ASEAN group, China has behaved similarly. In May this year, only days before the 2014 ASEAN Summit in Myanmar, China moved a giant oil-rig accompanied by some 80 ships into disputed waters.
India and China can’t move much farther ahead without progress on the border dispute. But there are also some unambiguously good deals that have emerged from the Chinese leader’s visit to India. Here are five key pacts that were signed today.
China to invest $20 billion in India 
The two countries have announced a five-year trade plan. China will invest $20 billion in India to help deflate India’s largest trade deficit with any single country. As Quartz had written earlier, even though China is India’s largest trading partner, its needs for Indian goods has diminished over the years. Earlier in the month, Japan had pledged to invest $35 billion in india.
China to open new route for Indian pilgrims
Kailash Mansarovar Yatra is a popular religious pilgrimage to Mount Kailash and Lake Manasarovar in Tibet. The journey is undertaken by followers of many religions and is known for its uneven terrain and harsh conditions. President Xi Jinping has agreed to open a safer route for Indian travellers. The new route would be through Nathu La, the Himalayan pass linking the two countries. This will be in addition to the existing route through Uttarakhand.
“The new route offers many benefits. It makes Kailash Mansarovar accessible by a motorable road, which is especially beneficial to the older pilgrims,” said Modi, while thanking his Chinese counterpart for the gesture.
A railway university in India
The two most populous countries have signed a pact to help India upgrade its railway infrastructure. India has the world’s fourth-longest rail network, but most of it is a legacy of its colonial past. Since independence in 1947, India has added only 11,000 km of track . On the other hand, China has added 14,000 km of track  from 2007 to 2011.
Some of the steps that the two nations have agreed upon are: redevelopment of railway stations, setting up of a Railway University in India, training of Indian Railway personnel.
Chinese industrial parks
The Chinese will set up two industrial parks in India, one focusing on power equipment and another for automobile components. These will be established in Gujarat and Pune.
Civil nuclear cooperation
“We will begin the process of discussions on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster our broader cooperation on energy security,” Modi said in Delhi today. No other details were shared with journalists.
The BJP-led government appears keen to broaden India’s nuclear energy sector. Last week it signed a nuclear deal with Australian prime minister Tony Abbott; the deal  will provide India access to Australia’s large stocks of uranium.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Stable profitability outlook for JSW SteelStable profit outlook for JSW Steel
Ujjval Jauhari | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:46 PM IST
The market’s nervousness over mining issues is evident from the volatility in metal and mining stocks, some of which have fallen as much as 25 per cent in the past two months. Nevertheless, JSW Steel continues trading firm and, at Rs 1,336 (up seven per cent), is near its 52-week high of Rs 1,365.35, seen this month.
While the company does not face risks on the profitability front, unlike many of its peers, its sales continue to increase, rising 12-13 per cent in the first five months of this financial year. Also, while the acquisition of Maxsteel assets in August bodes well, talks to acquire the facilities of Italian steelmaker Lucchini are being looked at positively. The timing of such expansion is opportune, as these come at reasonable valuations and are seen adding to JSW’s profitability.
Analysts say in this backdrop, JSW remains the preferred pick in the steel segment. The consensus target price for the stock, according to analysts polled by Bloomberg in September, is Rs 1,463, though some analysts also have target prices as high as Rs 1,647.
Strong profitability outlook
While most leading steel makers are facing profitability risks due to concerns about coal blocks and recent iron ore mining issues in Jharkhand, this isn’t the case with JSW Steel.
Coal block issues have hurt investor sentiment. For instance, Jindal Steel and Power faces the risks of profitability plummeting in the event of adverse decisions on its coal blocks. Analysts at Jefferies feel return on capital employed on its investment in the 2.5-million-tonne (mt) steel plant and 810-Mw captive power plant at Angul, Odisha, are likely to be low in the absence of captive coal from the Utkal B1 coal block.
For Tata Steel and SAIL, the rise in royalty on iron ore mining and some mines in Jharkhand seeing mining restrictions don’t bode well. Analysts at Motilal Oswal estimate Tata Steel and SAIL’s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (Ebitda) per tonne taking a hit of Rs 5,940 and Rs 6,400, respectively, post the captive iron-ore mine closures. They add for every Rs 1,000 fall in Ebitda per tonne, the target price of Tata Steel and SAIL will be impacted by 10 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively. Non-integrated steel producers as JSW Steel might not see significant pressure on margins, as cheaper iron ore and coking coal will mean reduced costs for them. For JSW, which is expected to import 25 per cent of its requirement, declining global iron ore prices will mean additional gains. Currently, global prices stand at about $80 a tonne.
Acquisitions to give boost
After acquiring smaller rival Welspun Maxsteel for about Rs 1,100 crore in August, JSW Steel is now eyeing the facilities of Italy-based Lucchini. The Maxsteel acquisition was thought to be a good move, one that would not only improve profitability at the Dolvi plant (acquired from Ispat), but also increase JSW’s presence in the northern and western markets. The facilities included a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum (TPA), gas-based direct reduced iron (DRI) plant, a captive jetty, railway siding, and vacant land of 480 acres. Analysts say JSW Steel will send pellets from the recently commissioned four million TPA Dolvi plant (to Maxsteel’s facilities) to substitute expensive imports and transport DRI back to Dolvi for use in Conarc furnaces for steel-making.
JSW Steel has also bid for three Piombino-based facilities of Lucchini, declared insolvent in 2012 and placed under special administration. JSW’s move is a positive, says Goutam Chakraborty at Emkay Global. He feels while valuations are cheap (deal value estimated at sub-$100 million, or about Rs 600 crore), the company can turn around the unit and use the facilities to manufacture value-added products.
The only risk on the profitability front is posed by domestic steel prices. International steel prices remain low, alleviating the threat of imports. The demand growth during April-August, too, has been tepid. But with increasing automobile sales and an expected pick-up in construction activity, there is optimism demand will improve.

Swiss franc gains after SNB defends capFranc gains after Swiss National Bank defends cap
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2530a71c-3f3a-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DGCX to begin black pepper contracts early next yearDGCX to begin black pepper contracts early next year
MR Subramani
Exchange to foray into soft commodities with soyabean oil in November
Chennai, September 18:  
The Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange (DGCX) will launch black pepper contracts early next year but before that it will commence soyabean oil contracts in November.
According to Ian Wright, Chief Business Officer, DGCX, both these contracts will be physically deliverable.
“We are foraying into soft commodities. The soyabean oil contracts will have the Chinese norms as its benchmark. We are working out the details. There is a lot of interest for soyabean oil in this region,” Wright, who was in India for a gold convention in Pune, told Business Line.
The black pepper contract is obviously aimed at attracting Indian interest. In fact, DGCX is trying to grab more attention from the sub-continent and it plans to introduce 100 gm physically deliverable gold contracts in rupee in the fourth quarter next year.
The bourse launched polypropylene futures seven months ago and it was doing “reasonably good,” he said. “The polypropylene launch has actually encouraged us to foray into soft commodities,” Wright said.
At least 20 per cent of our trading share comes from Asia, except India. Europe accounts for 30 per cent of the trade. India and rest of the Gulf region account for the remaining 50 per cent.
Established in 2005, DGCX is owned by Dubai Multi Commodities Centre and conducts trade in precious metals, base metals, currencies, energy and equity indices.
“Our trade volume peaked to $186 billion a month around the middle of last year but then dropped to $56 billion. Currently, it has improved to around $85 billion,” he said.
Among its products, the Indian rupee-US dollar futures account for 90 per cent of the trade volume. “It is quite popular. It has forced us to plan the launch of rupee-euro and rupee-pound futures,” Wright said.
“We are also planning MSCI India Index and single stock equities targeting India,” he said. Currently, DGCX offers S&P BSE Sensex futures.
Though trading has been quiet this year, he expects the interest to pick up once commodities turn volatile.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Bajpai panel to assess investment guidelines for private sector pension planBajpai panel to assess investment guidelines for private sector pension plan
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Pension regulator PFRDA has set up an expert committee under chairmanship of former SEBI chief G N Bajpai to review the investment guidelines for national pension system (NPS) schemes in private sector.
This committee will look at the investment guidelines in a “wholesale” manner so as to enable flow of pension monies in new instruments such as long term infrastructure bonds to be floated by banks, infrastructure debt funds and Basel 3 compliant bonds.
The review of investment guidelines will also help revamp the role of pension fund managers (PFMs) and could allow them to proactively promote pension products, R.V.Verma, PFRDA Chairman, told Business Line here on Thursday.
Current regulations forbid PFMs from marketing of pension products, Verma pointed out.
Besides review of investment guidelines for NPS in private sector, the committee has also been asked to recommend measures for bringing other pension/superannuation funds under the regulatory purview of PFRDA.
The expert committee will have to submit their recommendations within six weeks.
The committee will among other things also consider moving to dynamic market-based allocation of funds/choice of fund managers.
This could enhance the corpus of funds (assets under management) for PFMs.
The members of the expert committee include Deepak Satwalekar, former CEO and Managing Director at HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company, S B Mathur, former LIC Chairman, C R Murlidharan, former IRDA Member and Madhavi Das, Executive Director, PFRDA.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Mining of minor minerals: Allahabad HC restrains state govt from giving out new leases or renewing oldPrint
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:34 pm
The Allahabad High Court has restrained the state from executing new mining leases for minor minerals or renewing old ones, besides staying operation of two government orders (GOs) through which e-tendering process was adopted to allot mining leases in the state. The restraining order and the stay would continue till the state government complies with 2012 order of the Supreme Court in this connection.
The court’s order came in connection with a petition seeking quashing of the two GOs – passed on June 9 and July 8 – on the ground that they were passed without the state government complying with Supreme Court directions, passed in February 2012, regarding implementation of guidelines crucial to protection of environment in the places where mining of minor minerals are carried out.
The said order was passed by a division bench of Justices Krishna Murari and Ashwani Kumar Mishra on September 16, while hearing the petition of Munni Lal, a resident of Banda district, filed through his counsel M D Singh Shekhar.
The court had listed the matter for further hearing on September 18 (Thursday), after the Chief Standing Counsel (CSC) submitted that Advocate General could not be present before it to argue the case.
“Today, when the matter was taken up again, we sought further time from the court. The matter may come up before another bench after the Dussehra vacations,” said CSC Ramesh Upadhyaya.
In its September 16 order, the court said: “Advocate General is not available…the matter be deferred for day after tomorrow i.e. 18th September…the court has been sympathetic towards the repeated request made by the state government for adjournment in the matter but the larger and wider implication of environment which concerns the citizens of the state and the country cannot be ignored.”
The court agreed with the contention of the petitioners that the state government had not complied with the February 27, 2012, order of the Supreme Court passed in Deepak Kumar versus State of Haryana.
The said order asked all the states to incorporate the rules pertaining to protection of environment, while allowing mining of minor minerals, within six months.
Shekhar said: “Our argument was that more than two-and-a-half years have passed. Two other High Court orders also mandated the state to comply by the said directions. Instead of doing that, however, the state government has gone ahead with initiating e-tendering auction for the mining leases. To show that it was concerned about the issue, the state carried two amendments in the rules for allowing leases. But these were just for the sake of it, because it handed over the entire matter in the hands of the person to whom the lease was allotted.”
The High Court, while maintaining that the questions raised in the petition were in public interest, had already rejected the amendments as of no use towards protecting environment.
Peeved at the manner in which the state was avoiding progress in the petition, the bench said: “This court is at a loss to understand as to how an important aspect of environment to be continued…

CPI(M) urges Keralites to boycott additional taxes imposed by CongressPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:30 pm
CPI (M) on Thursday said it would lead an agitation urging the people to boycott the Congress government move to impose additional taxes to the tune of Rs 2010 crore from various sectors.
To tide over the financial crisis, the Kerala government had hiked various taxes, including water charge and land tax. The hike through a cabinet decision was much higher than new additional tax of Rs 1,500 crore announced in the last budget for the current fiscal.
CPI (M) state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said the Opposition would mobilize a mass agitation against the decision. The issue of imposing additional taxes should have been discussed in the assembly. The government has acted as if the state was traversing through a war-like or emergency situation. As per the increase in the water charge, the government plans to generate an extra income of Rs 200 crore. At the same time, there is no move to collect the water charge arrears of Rs 500 crore from major consumers. The CPI (M) activists and sympathizers would not pay the additional tax, said Vijayan.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan said people are not liable to pay the additional taxes which were not presented in the Assembly. It is the first time in the history of Kerala that the government has bypassed the assembly in introducing a prohibitive rate of additional tax in the middle of fiscal. The government has reduced the assembly into a scarecrow. The assembly should be convened immediately to discuss the issue, said Achuthanandan.
Finance Minister K M Mani said the CPI (M) move amounted to treason. Even during the colonial period, people had been wary in boycotting taxes, said Mani.
However, his party member and government chief whip P C George echoed the CPI (M) attitude, saying that additional tax suggestions of this magnitude should have been first discussed in the state assembly.

Redefining a tradition of melodyUpdated: September 18, 2014 21:04 IST
Redefining a tradition of melody
Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma
Tweet
The HIndu HALLOWED SPACE: Navarathri Mandapam in Thiruvananthapuram where musicians perform during the nine-day Navarathri festival. Photo: C. Ratheesh Kumar
The HIndu Navarathri idols arriving in Thiruvananthapuram at the head of a ceremonial procession from Padmanabhapuram Palace in Kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu. The arrival of the idols precede the start of the nine-day music festival at the Navarathri Mandapam. File photo: S. Mahinsha
TOPICS
Carnatic Classical
Legends of Carnatic music have graced the nine-day music festival at Navarathri Mandapam in Thiruvananthapuram. The tradition continues as stalwarts in the field make each concert memorable.
Just like Christmas is one of the most beautiful times of the year to be in Europe, so is Navarathri/ Pooja/ Dussera in India. The Pooja celebrations at Kolkata and the Dussera festival at Mysore are legendary. The Navarathri celebrations at Navarathri Mandapam in Thiruvananthapuram are no less special, albeit much less ostentatious than that of it’s counterparts in other states.
The beautiful idol of Saraswathy Devi, the Goddess of music, poetry, literature and expression, that was worshipped by Saint Kambar (who wrote Kambar Ramayanam) that normally resides peacefully in the serene environs of Padmanabhapuram Palace in Kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu, is brought to Thiruvananthapuram for a nine-day feast of music every year.
Among the various festivals that we celebrate, Navarathri has always been my favourite, right from the time I was a child; long before I started to study classical music formally.
I use the word “formally” because the single, most important way to learn classical music is to listen to it for hours and hours together. I was very lucky to have had a great grandmother like Amma Maharani Sethu Parvathy Bayi, who was extraordinarily passionate about this divine art form. Though like most normal human beings, she had her share of prejudices, she did an amazing job by inviting the best of the best to give concerts at the Navarathri Mandapam. Though I normally don’t swell with pride at the accomplishments of others, I do feel extremely moved when I think of the fact that Amma Maharani was the only person ever to have honoured one of the greatest percussionists of all time, the legendary Vidwan Pazhani Subramania Pillai, with a title.
While I was born too late to experience Pazhani’s genius live, I was fortunate enough to have listened to a host of other legends such as Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer, Puthukode Krishnamoorthy, Alathur Srinivasa Iyer, M.D.Ramanathan, K.V. Narayanaswamy, Lalgudi Jayaraman, Palghat Mani Iyer, Palghat Raghu, Vellore Ramabhadran and others at the Navarathri Mandapam. There are a lot of restrictions at the venue. Men have to wear a mundu/veshti/dhoti and remove their shirts, women have to wear a sari. The Mandapam becomes a temple during these nine days. As the concerts are in the form of musical offerings before the Goddess, there is no applause. The musicians do a pooja in the form of a concert and the listeners quietly bear witness to this. But the kind of music made there plus the unique ambience, with the dim light of oil lamps casting a golden glow, make the experience unique.
The concerts used to be broadcast live on Travancore Radio and, later, on All India Radio. As a result, the timings have been followed strictly and the concerts take place from 6 p.m. sharp to 8.30 p.m. sharp. The main song for each day is fixed and only compositions of Maharaja Swati Tirunal are sung.
This is one of the few places in the world, if not the only place, where the delightful form of improvisation called Thaanam, is sung with percussion accompaniment. The effect of having an accomplished mridangam artiste accompany an equally accomplished singer for thaanam, is something else altogether. Once a music lover requested mridangam giant Palghat Mani Iyer to play the mridangam for Thaanam during one of his concerts at Chennai. Mani Iyer is said to have replied: ‘For that, you would have to come to the Navarathri Mandapam!’
Titans like Mani Iyer and Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and a host of legends who are still alive have performed at the Mandapam for several decades. Artistes who have travelled and performed at the most amazing venues all over the world, almost unfailingly cite the Navarathri Mandapam as one of their favourite venues to perform at.
A music buff who always claimed that he was an atheist told me that he was so profoundly moved by M.D.Ramanathan’s rendition of the Saveri song ‘Devi Pavane’ at the Navarathri Mandapam that he became a believer! The vibrations created by the magnificent bass voice of M.D. Ramanathan in that tiny place was just incredible! So was the resonance of Palghat Mani Iyer’s mridangam. The softness of the Manipravalam padams and the Utsava Prabandham songs by Palghat K.V.Narayanaswamy, the pep and verve of a Semmangudi concert where he would be given vocal support by his disciples, the serene atmosphere created by the veena concerts of K.S. Narayanaswamy and Kalyanakrishna Bhagavathar, Puthukode Krishnamoorthy’s sublime rendition of songs like ‘Naama Sudha Rasam’, ‘Baajat Murali Murai’ and ‘Ilamarimaan Nayane’, all remain fresh in my memory.
But if the past was glorious, the present is no less glorious and we have an entire new generation of greats, making wonderful music even now. From 90-year-old Parassala Ponnammal to 80-year-old T.V.Gopalakrishnan to 75-year-old Venkataramanan to the cream of the younger generation like Sanjay Subrahmanyam, the musicians change, but the feast of music continues.
Technology has been a huge big blessing and I have been able to share many of the songs and scenes from the Navarathri festival online, on sites like YouTube.com, for the benefit of music lovers who haven’t been fortunate enough to attend these concerts live.
Normally a Mangalam is sung at the end of a classical music recital. But at the Navarathri Mandapam, the mangalam is sung only at the end of the concert on the final day, which serves as a mangalam for the entire festival. One gets a sinking feeling every time one hears this, because one has to count the days and wait for a year before the next Navarathri comes along. But the few weeks leading up to the festival are the best; brimming with the sweet promise of divine music.
(The writer, a leading musician and teacher himself, is the main organiser of the festival)

AIRF to protest against "anti-labour" policy of railwaysAIRF to protest against "anti-labour" policy of railways
Australia foils Islamic State  beheading  plotAustralia foils Islamic State  beheading  plot
Gold price falls to 3.5 month low on heavy sellingGold price falls to 3.5 month low on heavy selling
Outcome of board meeting of iStreet NetworkOutcome of board meeting of iStreet Network
Border concerns dominate talks as India  China give fillip to trade  investment (Roundup)Border concerns dominate talks as India  China give fillip to trade  investment (Roundup)
Stock your wardrobe with these new-age classicsStory
Farewell to faux fashion
Do your dirty denims accompany you from pillar to party? Take a leap of faith, and stock your wardrobe with these new-age classics.
Anindita Satpathi        Edition: Sep 14, 2014
All-purpose blue blazer? Check. Khaki pants? Check. Tan oxfords? Check. White jeans? Umm, no. If a roll call of your wardrobe goes along these lines, it's time to upgrade those snazzy threads. We're not asking you to go neon this season just because everyone else is doing it, but it wouldn't hurt to widen your horizons by investing in a few form-flattering cuts and designs. Men's fashion usually tends to teeter precariously on the brink of an abyss of outrageousness or dissolve into boring greys and blacks. So, here's how you can add a stylish zing to your wardrobe without looking like you're trying too hard.
SMALLER IS BETTER
Miniature pattern shirt
Larger-than-life Hawaiian print redux and flamboyant florals have taken the ramp by storm, but it's their quieter (but chicer) cousin you should be looking out for. You can eventually make a transition to mammoth flowers splattered over your chest, but fine print lends that gorgeously edgy look that most men can pull off with ease. Miniature patterns create an illusion of a structured silhouette, which is best complemented by a navy or grey blazer. Make a style statement at work with a dark tie, and slip into loungy evening mode simply by removing the tie and blazer. Start with combinations of grey, purple, white and blue and move on to, who knows, maybe a bit of yellow or red!
Brands to pick: Paul Smith, Ermenegildo Zegna, Kenzo
FLASH 'EM
Shades with mirrored lenses
Move over, tortoiseshell frames, we need some colour on the lenses! Whatever be your poison - wayfarers, aviators or clubmasters - pick the ones with mirrored lenses. Not just limited to beach outings and outdoor parties, these can add a zing to any laidback outfit. When you combine glamorously masculine aviator frames with stunning reflective lenses, you get flawless style sense. Or rock a pair of vintage round frames. Aquamarine, blues and greys work best for men.
Brands to pick: Prada Linea Rossa, Oakley, Garret Leight
HOT HARDWARE
Nautical-style jewellery
Men's jewellery has been around for a while now, and if you haven't jumped on the bandwagon yet, make haste. We recommend nautical-inspired jewellery for its sleek minimalism and rugged appeal. The manly charm of bracelets made of high-quality leather cord, resembling ropes in navy stripes or muted shades, is timeless. The tiny brass, silver or gold anchor dangling from the cabling doubles as a dapper fastener. If your bracelets are devoid of embellishments and hooks, slip on three or four of these and fold the sleeves to show off your arms. The best thing? You can experiment and pair them with any watch, classic or complication.
Brands to pick: Miansai, Virginstone, Urban Outfitters
CUFF THOSE PANTS
Skinny cuffed trousers, chinos
The cropped trouser is the mark of the discerning man. Invest in one of these, or opt for a slim fit pair of chinos that are perfect for pulling off the cuffed look. Now, it's not an everyday office trend, but there's no harm in charming co-workers with the teeniest hint of ankle show with brogues and cuffed pants on a Friday. The visual break of a cuff at the end of a pair of sleek tapering trousers makes a subtle but oh-so-stylish statement. Some men can pull off the skinny cuff even on the thick fabric of denims, but we'd advise you to approach the trend with extreme caution. Warning: Cuffed, cropped, rolled or otherwise, your trousers should not be more than two inches above your ankle.
Brands to pick: Topman, DSquared, Mango
SNOWY APPEAL
White jeans
Apart from the ripped and baggy jeans in varying shades of blue lurking in your closet, you need a pristine, white pair for casual dressing-up days. Summer is almost over, but the Riviera look can be tweaked to suit any weather. Pair it with a light trench or a natty blazer on chilly evenings. It streamlines your form, makes you stand out in a good way, and lets you go wild with pastel mix-and-match. Moreover, it makes the colour on your shoes pop! A versatile, age-flattering pair could well turn out to be your trademark look. However, be wary of the too-snug fit and invest in one that is slim and structured without being skinny.
Brands to pick: True Religion, D&G, IML
KNOT A KNIT
Woven-silk ties
Knits exude comfy luxe, and silk knitted ties are no different. Convinced that these aren't for you? Think again. Woven silk ties may seem over-the-top, but are the perfect accessory to staid suits. Go for bold stripes if you're feeling adventurous, or a simple rich colour like burgundy or teal to pair with a grey suit. For a man looking for a utility angle transcending style, there is the fact that mornings will be less rushed; its thick layered texture allows just for a simple four-in-hand knot. It can be paired with woolly sports coats and blazers with equal panache. Ties tend to lie like neglected junk at the back of your closet, yes, but you could do a lot with something as versatile as this.
Brands to pick: Ralph Lauren, J Crew, MJ Bale

Scottish Secession a Sobering Prospect for Scotch Whiskey DrinkersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Railways earnings up by over 10 per centNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 15:50 IST
Railways earnings up by over 10 per cent
PTI
The Hindu Railways carried 445.73 million tonnes (MT) of freight during April-August 2014, an increase of 4.60 per cent. File photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
railway
Railways has generated Rs. 40,358.24 crore from freight traffic during April-August 2014 as compared to Rs. 36,465.58 crore during the corresponding period last year, registering an increase of 10.67 per cent.
Railways carried 445.73 million tonnes (MT) of freight during April-August 2014 as compared to 426.14 MT carried during the same period last year, showing an increase of 4.60 per cent. In August 2014, Railways generated Rs. 7,906.93 crore revenue compared to Rs. 6,775.43 crore during the same period last year, registering an increase of 16.70 per cent.
Out of this, Rs. 3,576.43 crore came from transportation of 43.43 MT of coal, followed by Rs. 607.62 crore from 9.33 MT of iron ore for exports, steel plants and for other domestic user and Rs. 627.08 crore from 8.14 MT of cement.
Railways earned Rs. 666.49 crore from 4.64 MT of food grains, Rs. 459.26 crore from 3.66 MT of petroleum oil and lubricant (POL), Rs. 526.95 crore from 3.53 MT of pig iron and finished steel from steel plants and other points, Rs. 392.30 crore from 3.82 million tonnes of fertilisers, Rs. 143.19 crore from 1.49 MT of raw material for steel plants except iron ore, Rs. 395.35 crore from 4.23 MT by container service, and Rs. 512.26 crore from 5.88 MT of other goods.

Why the NFL Is a NonprofitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

The time is ripe for English devolutionSeptember 17, 2014 1:44 pm
The time is ripe for English devolution
By John Redwood
©AFP
The three parties’ offer of more devolved powers to Scotland may well help secure a No vote in the referendum . It also means a period of constitutional change will follow the outcome of the vote either way. As someone who thinks we are better together, I hope it works.
The UK constitution was left unbalanced by the last Labour government. They expelled most of the hereditary peers from the Lords but otherwise left the unelected House largely unreformed. They gave substantial devolution to Scotland, less devolution to Northern Ireland and Wales, and nothing to England. They decided not to answer the so-called West Lothian question : why should Scottish MPs vote on English matters such as health and education, which they cannot determine for their own constituencies?
More
Matthew Goodwin What Ukip’s win means for 2015
England decided to put up with the injustice in the interests of the union. Today there is a new mood abroad. While the majority of us would like Scotland to stay in the UK, a large majority of us in England now want devolution for our country too.
The easiest way to rebalance the UK would be to grant an English parliament identical powers to those granted to Scotland. We could either have an English parliament at Westminster, formed from the MPs elected from English constituencies, or work towards an entirely new parliament with additional politicians.
This way of sorting out the issue does not appeal to some in the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties, who rely on non-English MPs to give them more weight in parliament. They have come up with other proposals. But all now agree that there is an English problem.
Labour favours going back to the proposals for elected regional governments in England, which it tried to establish when it was last in office. Its 2004 referendum on an elected assembly in the North East hit the buffers when the electorate rejected it by an overwhelming majority. I doubt the answer would be much different today.
While the latest devolution proposals to Scotland include giving away important tax setting powers, it is difficult to see why anyone would want to increase the fragmentation by wanting different income tax and capital tax rates in the northeast and northwest of England. If Scotland is to set her own tax rates, surely England needs to do the same for itself, but for the country as a whole?
I do not think Scottish MPs at Westminster should vote on English matters in future
The Liberal Democrats and some others say now the time has come to give devolution to English cities . Why not let Manchester and Leeds control more of their own money and policies? That may well be a good idea, though it is interesting that a majority of the places offered a more powerful elected mayor have turned it down in local referendums. It does not deal with the problems created by more Scottish devolution.
Why should Liverpool have devolution but Wokingham or Clacton or the rural Cotswolds not enjoy the same? Do we really want each different local authority area with devolved powers to be setting different rates of capital gains tax and inheritance tax, as these are some of the powers the Liberal Democrats wish to give to the Scottish parliament?
The three main parties have announced a tight timetable for settling the UK, assuming the Scots agree we are better together. As an MP representing an English constituency I will be happy to help them deliver their promise, on the understanding that we deal with the problem of England at the same time.
What has emerged from the Scottish referendum is the idea of a federal state, with much greater power being exercised in the constituent nations of the union. So be it. What is fair for Scotland now also has to be fair for England. I do not think Scottish MPs at Westminster should vote on English matters in future. We should give English MPs the facilities to govern England in the way the Scottish parliament will govern Scotland.
The writer is the Conservative MP for Wokingham
Related Topics

Jet Airways to launch full services on JetKonnect to take on Tata-SIA s VistaraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dollar and stocks rise after Fed updateS&P 500 hits record high after Fed update
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09cb2c2e-3ee3-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple: iOS 8 shields data from policeApple says iOS 8 will shield your data from police
By Chris Isidore and Jose Pagliery   @CNNTech September 18, 2014: 5:15 PM ET
 
The iPhone evolved
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apple says its new mobile operating system puts text messages, e-mails, photos and other data out of the reach of police -- even if they show up with a search warrant.
In a blog post , Apple says that iOS 8 , which began rolling out Wednesday, has new encryption that will no longer allow the company to bypass a customer's passcode to access the data.
"So it's not technically feasible for us to respond to government warrants for the extraction of this data from devices in their possession running iOS 8," it said.
Related: iOS 8 - How to get it, and whether you should
Earlier versions of Apple's operating system allowed the company to bypass the password, it said.
And that's still true for rival operating systems. For instance, AT&T ( T , Tech30 ) can tap into Android phones to perform customer service.
But it's not foolproof. The protection disappears if customers back up the information on their phone and copy it to the iCloud service, because Apple will comply with warrants to turn over information on its servers.
Plus, the protection only applies to what lives on your phone: text messages, photos, voice recordings, etc. The government can still (and does) pummel Google ( GOOG ) and Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) to get your emails. And your mobile provider will give up your call records.
And if you sync your iPhone with iTunes, backing up your phone's files to your computer, then police can grab those files from your laptop -- No PIN code is necessary.
 
'Apple Pay' may be safer than plastic
But Apple clearly senses that added privacy protections are a selling point for its products.
"I want to be absolutely clear that we have never worked with any government agency from any country to create a backdoor in any of our products or services. We have also never allowed access to our servers. And we never will," wrote Apple CEO Tim Cook on the blog.
The site also brags that the Electronic Frontier Foundation has given Apple top marks for "standing with our customers when the government seeks access to their data."

Amazon s e-reader gets a makeoverHi Guest
Amazon's e-reader gets a makeover
Amazon.com Inc ramped up its push into hardware on Wednesday with the debut of six new or upgraded devices, including a high-end $199 e-reader called the Kindle Voyage and its cheapest-ever touch-screen tablet.    The No. 1 U.S. online retailer also revamped its basic Kindle e-reader to include a touch screen. It will cost $79, about 15 percent more than the current basic model. Other new devices unveiled on Wednesday are a $99 Kindle Fire HD tablet, which includes a smaller, ...

Big pay day for Alibaba s Jack MaAlibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 18, 2014: 5:54 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma's wallet is going to be a lot fatter after his company goes public this week in New York.
Ma is selling 12.75 million shares in Alibaba's IPO, bringing in as much as $867 million if they are priced at the top of the target range of $66 to $68 .
That's no mean way for the Chinese entrepreneur to ring in his 50th birthday, celebrated just a few days ago on Sept. 10.
Ma's remaining 7.8% stake in the company is estimated to be worth about $13 billion. The deal values Alibaba ( BABA ) itself at $163 billion, slightly bigger than Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ).
Alibaba's executive vice chairman Joe Tsai is also selling shares in the IPO that will net him as much as $289 million. His remaining stake in the company is estimated to be worth as much as $5.4 billion.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
Ma and Tsai made their fortunes by building Alibaba into a tech behemoth that does just about everything. The firm runs China's two most popular online shopping sites, Taobao and Tmall, and operates a network of services that allow consumers to process payments, buy movie tickets, get lunch delivered, or invest in a money market fund.
A former English teacher, Ma is something of an unlikely billionaire. He flunked his college entrance exams, was rejected by Harvard, and was snubbed by most people when he first started talking about building an Internet business in China.
Related: Alibaba: All you need to know
But he proved them all wrong, and Alibaba is now on the brink of what could be the biggest IPO in history.
Ma and Tsai are now putting some of their wealth towards philanthropic efforts . In April, they established two trusts funded by share options worth about 2% of the company. The funds are planned to benefit environmental, medical, education and cultural causes in China.
Also poised to win big in the Alibaba IPO is Masayoshi Son, Japan's richest man. He is CEO of telecoms group Softbank ( SFTBF ), which has seen the value of its original $20 million investment soar to about $54 billion.
Softbank doesn't plan to unload any shares in the IPO.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) will sell shares worth as much as $8.3 billion. Its remaining stake could be worth about $27 billion.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 10:13 PM ET
Most Popular

Rlwys join hands with China to increase trai...Beijing Jiaotong University
(Narendra Modi and Chinese…)
NEW DELHI: In a significant development, Indian Railways today joined hands with China to increase speed in its existing rail network, modernise stations and enhance mutual cooperation in the sector in the country.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese Premier Xi Jinping signed total 12 memorandums of understanding (MoU), including cooperation in rail sector.
Under the MoU for Railways, both sides have agreed to enhance cooperation in the railway sector in speed-raising on the identified route and studying feasibility of cooperation in bullet train projects among others.
The MoU signed by Chairman Railway Board Arunendra Kumar and Administrator of China's National Railway Administration Lu Dongfu also envisages heavy-haul transportation training of Indian Railway personnel and redevelopment of railway stations and setting up of a Railway University in India.
Railways have identified Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore section for speed raising to 160 km per hour with help from China.
As per the action plan on the proposed semi-high speed, China will conduct design and survey for the specified sections and also impart training to railway personnel on speed-raising.
China Railway Eryuan Engineering Group will be coordinating with the High Speed Rail Corporation, a subsidiary of Rail Vikas Nigam Limited on the cooperation on raising speed.
On training of heavy-haul transportation, the two sides have agreed on a training programme for batches of 20 trainees for duration of two-three weeks and a total of 5 batches with maximum of three training programmes in a year.
There will be emphasis on onsite training covering operational and maintenance facilities, monitoring systems and traffic control.
The Beijing Jiaotong University will start the first training programme next month.
For co-operation in the bullet train project, China and India have agreed for a project feasibility study report to be taken up for financing by China.
Railways will advise the proposed rail route before October and it will provide all necessary technical policies, documents and facilitation for the project survey. China Railway Siyuan Survey and Design Group and other enterprises of China will undertake work related to this cooperation.
The MoU envisages that Indian Railway Station Development Corporation, a subsidiary of Rail Land Development Authority of Railways will visit China and study redeveloped and new stations in China next month, followed by a visit to India by China Railway Construction Engineering Group to study at least two stations identified for redevelopment in the country.
Stations at Bhubaneswar and Bangalore are likely to be chosen for redevelopment as world class station with help from China.
China also agreed to carry out a pre-feasibility study of two stations with their financing and prepare a report indicating further course of cooperation after discussions with Indian Railways.
The two sides also agreed that the Chinese experience of Rail Universities will provide very useful inputs to develop a Railway university in India as proposed in the Budget. The two sides agreed that a delegation from India will be organized and visit China within the current year and a road map for cooperation in this area will be developed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shemaroo IPO subscribed seven timesShemaroo IPO subscribed 7 times
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:44 PM IST
Shemaroo Entertainment has received seven times subscription for its Rs 130 crore-initial public offering (IPO), which closed on Thursday. The issue, priced in the range between Rs 155 and Rs 170 a share, saw good demand from all category of investors. 
The institutional investor category was subscribed 5.7 times and the high networth investor segment was subscribed 8.6 times.   Meanwhile, the retail investors category, where 10 per cent extra discount was offered, was subscribed 7.5 times. Shemaroo had raised about Rs 36 crore from anchor investors, which included Birla Sunlife MF and HDFC MF, at Rs 170 a share ahead of its IPO. 
The success of the Shemaroo offering follows that of Snowman Logistics and Sharda Corpchem, who raised money by way of IPOs recently. Both the issues had been 60 times subscription. Snowman, which listed last week, has seen its share price almost double, while Sharda Corpchem is slated to make its stock market debut next week.

Market jumps most since June on Fed comfortMarkets gain the most since June on Fed comfort
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Indian markets on Thursday posted their biggest single-day gains in more than three months, mainly buoyed by the US Federal Reserve’s decision of not increasing interest rates. Optimism over the country’s trade ties with China and short-covering by traders, who had earlier sold on fears of an unfavourable call by the US Fed, also aided the rally.
The BSE Sensex rose 480.92 points (1.81 per cent) from its previous close to end at 27,112.2, while the NSE Nifty gained 139.25 points (or 1.75 per cent) to 8,114.8. The respective gains for both indices were the biggest since June 2. By absolute gains in terms of points, the rally was the biggest since May 12.
“The market was worried about the outcome of the US Fed meet and its impact. Since that event risk is over, the market has rallied. Going ahead, there might be short-term corrections before other big event risks but the overall outlook for equities remains positive,” said Edelweiss Securities CEO Vikas Khemani.
On the final day of its policy meet, the US Fed had on Wednesday vowed to hold interest rates near zero for a “considerable time”. It, however, lowered its monthly bond-purchase programme by another $10 billion and stayed on course to end this stimulus next month.
“Fed has clarified there will be some gap between unwinding of its bond-buying programme and an interest rate increase. This, coupled with the Chinese President’s visit to India and a commitment of big investments, enthused the market,” said Dalton Capital Advisors Managing Director U R Bhat.
Buying was seen across the board, with nearly 50 of the BSE-500 stocks gaining five per cent or more. The broad-based BSE small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 1.83 per cent and 2.7 per cent, respectively.
There were nearly three stocks gaining for every one that declined.
Most global markets also reacted positively to the Fed move but their rallies were not as strong as the Indian bourses’.
Analysts are hopeful that the Indian economy will next year be in a better shape to absorb the shocks emanating from an interest rate increase in the US.
“The recent sharp decline in commodity prices augurs well for India’s macroeconomic situation and earnings. In general, the lower prices will offset inflationary pressures elsewhere and reduce India's current account and fiscal deficits,” Sanjeev Prasad, senior executive director & co-head, Kotak Institutional Equities, said in a note.
Market players said foreign fund flows into India were likely to stay strong, given the various stimulus packages announced in geographies like Europe and Japan to spur economic growth.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have pumped a little more than $14 billion into Indian markets so far this year, have driven the nearly 30 per cent rally during the period. Among major global markets, India has been one of the biggest recipients of FII flows this year.
“Even if the US ends its stimulus programme, it is not much of a worry for India, as other regions like Europe and Japan continue to have loose monetary policy,” said Bhat.
All BSE sectoral indices gained on Thursday. Among index stocks, Hero MotoCorp gained the most (5.57 per cent), while DLF, Tata Motors and Larsen & Tourbo rose three per cent each.

ICEX s shareholders decide to revive the exchangeICEX shareholders attempt to revive commodity exchange
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:35 PM IST
Indian Commodity Exchange (ICEX), the commodity derivatives trading platform which had frozen operations since April, plans to revive itself through a capital infusion from existing shareholders.
 
At a meeting last Friday of its board of directors, a resolution is believed to have been passed in this regard. The capital infusion from existing shareholders is expected to be in the proportion of their stake. Talks are believed to be on with some players to get capital infusion from outside.
 
Relinace Capital is the promoter of Reliance Exchangenext Ltd, which had bought an anchor investor’s stake of 26 per cent from Indiabulls Financial Services. MMTC, the government-owned commodity trading company, continues to remain another anchor investor, also with 26 per cent stake.
 
An email sent to Ramesh Shetty, the designated officer for responding to queries, got no response.
 
The exchange had moved to third slot in terms of turnover only in 2013, after Multi Commodity Exchange and National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange, significantly lost trading volume. Lack of innovation in contracts, coupled with weak trading sentiment, had pulled down exchange turnover tremendously. Since its launch in November 2009, it had continuously incurred losses. A commodities transaction tax, imposed in July 2013, was perhaps the final spoiler.
 
Last December, the board had decided not to launch new contracts till the ebbing of negative sentiment towards commodity futures markets. ICEX then discontinued trading this April.
 
The consistent loss had resulted in its minimum base capital falling to Rs 25 crore as of the present, against the requirement of Rs 100 crore in the guidelines of the the commodities derivatives markets regulator, the Forward Markets Commission.
 
The exchange could seek capital infusion through the introduction of a rights issue and ask its existing shareholders to subscribe in proportion to their stake to keep their shareholding intact or bring in new investors.
 
The exchange believes there is still a room for a second slot in the commodity futures space, as the gap between the two leading ones very wide. “We are eyeing the second slot space through revival,” a board member said, without divulging details on the plan.
 

Alibaba s Plan: Today  China. Tomorrow  the World.All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Brown could be the saviour of the unionA reborn Gordon Brown could be the man who saved the union
By Philip Stephens
©EPA
Scotland these past few weeks has been watching a politician reborn. Gordon Brown had become Britain’s forgotten prime minister, lost since his 2010 general election defeat in self-imposed exile. That was until he took centre stage to energise the unionist campaign fighting Scottish separation.
David Cameron , his Conservative successor in Downing Street, messed up just about everything it was possible to mess up when he allowed Alex Salmond ’s Scottish National party to dictate the terms and timing of this week’s independence referendum. But Labour too will have to shoulder a fair share of the blame in the event that Mr Salmond does succeed in forcing the break-up of Britain.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
In a contest that has been swinging back towards the unionist side in recent days but is still too close to call, the swing votes are in Scotland ’s old industrial heartlands – the Labour (and should-be unionist) voters who were left behind by prosperity even before the global financial crash ushered in an era of austerity.
Mr Salmond needs the votes of the low paid and no paid in the bleak urban landscapes of Scotland’s central belt in order to push the nationalist vote above 50 per cent. As populist politicians across Europe have learnt, these areas provide fertile ground for the divisive politics of identity and grievance.
Uncomfortable facts are easily elbowed aside by atavistic emotions and opponents shouted down. This is what seems to have been happening in parts of Scotland as voters have responded to Mr Salmond’s dog-whistle nationalism.
Angry, and too often ignored by a Labour party machine that has treated power as its birthright, many working-class Scots seem ready to believe that all their ills and more can be blamed on the English.
Mr Brown has stepped out to change that. Watching him on the campaign trail these past few days, the only question those who want to preserve the union can ask is: why has it taken so long? A campaign that has looked alternately complacent and overly negative has recovered its voice.
No one is quite sure why Mr Brown disappeared after 2010. Friends said he blamed himself for the defeat. Less kind colleagues suggest it has been a long sulk. No matter, his championship of the unionist cause have revealed a politician restored to confidence.
More video
Mr Brown suddenly looks like a politician with a career ahead of rather than behind him. First minister of Scotland, perhaps? Even prime minister were the nationalists to succeed in tearing Scotland from the union.
In London, he struggled to find the right tone with the political and media classes. In town halls and community halls across Scotland, Mr Brown does not have to play the metropolitan sophisticate game. And, critically, he is as Scottish as they come. There is no one more steeped in the national culture, values and traditions.
In depth

Mining of minor minerals: Allahabad HC restrains state govt from giving out new leases or renewingoldPrint
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:34 pm
The Allahabad High Court has restrained the state from executing new mining leases for minor minerals or renewing old ones, besides staying operation of two government orders (GOs) through which e-tendering process was adopted to allot mining leases in the state. The restraining order and the stay would continue till the state government complies with 2012 order of the Supreme Court in this connection.
The court’s order came in connection with a petition seeking quashing of the two GOs – passed on June 9 and July 8 – on the ground that they were passed without the state government complying with Supreme Court directions, passed in February 2012, regarding implementation of guidelines crucial to protection of environment in the places where mining of minor minerals are carried out.
The said order was passed by a division bench of Justices Krishna Murari and Ashwani Kumar Mishra on September 16, while hearing the petition of Munni Lal, a resident of Banda district, filed through his counsel M D Singh Shekhar.
The court had listed the matter for further hearing on September 18 (Thursday), after the Chief Standing Counsel (CSC) submitted that Advocate General could not be present before it to argue the case.
“Today, when the matter was taken up again, we sought further time from the court. The matter may come up before another bench after the Dussehra vacations,” said CSC Ramesh Upadhyaya.
In its September 16 order, the court said: “Advocate General is not available…the matter be deferred for day after tomorrow i.e. 18th September…the court has been sympathetic towards the repeated request made by the state government for adjournment in the matter but the larger and wider implication of environment which concerns the citizens of the state and the country cannot be ignored.”
The court agreed with the contention of the petitioners that the state government had not complied with the February 27, 2012, order of the Supreme Court passed in Deepak Kumar versus State of Haryana.
The said order asked all the states to incorporate the rules pertaining to protection of environment, while allowing mining of minor minerals, within six months.
Shekhar said: “Our argument was that more than two-and-a-half years have passed. Two other High Court orders also mandated the state to comply by the said directions. Instead of doing that, however, the state government has gone ahead with initiating e-tendering auction for the mining leases. To show that it was concerned about the issue, the state carried two amendments in the rules for allowing leases. But these were just for the sake of it, because it handed over the entire matter in the hands of the person to whom the lease was allotted.”
The High Court, while maintaining that the questions raised in the petition were in public interest, had already rejected the amendments as of no use towards protecting environment.
Peeved at the manner in which the state was avoiding progress in the petition, the bench said: “This court is at a loss to understand as to how an important aspect of environment to be continued…

CPI(M) urges Keralites to boycott additional taxes imposed byCongressPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 8:30 pm
CPI (M) on Thursday said it would lead an agitation urging the people to boycott the Congress government move to impose additional taxes to the tune of Rs 2010 crore from various sectors.
To tide over the financial crisis, the Kerala government had hiked various taxes, including water charge and land tax. The hike through a cabinet decision was much higher than new additional tax of Rs 1,500 crore announced in the last budget for the current fiscal.
CPI (M) state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said the Opposition would mobilize a mass agitation against the decision. The issue of imposing additional taxes should have been discussed in the assembly. The government has acted as if the state was traversing through a war-like or emergency situation. As per the increase in the water charge, the government plans to generate an extra income of Rs 200 crore. At the same time, there is no move to collect the water charge arrears of Rs 500 crore from major consumers. The CPI (M) activists and sympathizers would not pay the additional tax, said Vijayan.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan said people are not liable to pay the additional taxes which were not presented in the Assembly. It is the first time in the history of Kerala that the government has bypassed the assembly in introducing a prohibitive rate of additional tax in the middle of fiscal. The government has reduced the assembly into a scarecrow. The assembly should be convened immediately to discuss the issue, said Achuthanandan.
Finance Minister K M Mani said the CPI (M) move amounted to treason. Even during the colonial period, people had been wary in boycotting taxes, said Mani.
However, his party member and government chief whip P C George echoed the CPI (M) attitude, saying that additional tax suggestions of this magnitude should have been first discussed in the state assembly.

India s GDP to rebound to over 7% in 2-3 ye...Arvind Mayaram
(Making an intervention…)
CAIRNS (AUSTRALIA): India is following economic growth inducing policies and is confident that the GDP will rebound to over 7 per cent in 2-3 years, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said today while emphasising that business confidence is back.
Making an intervention during the G20 Deputies Meeting here, Mayaram said the Indian Government announced a slew of policy reforms and Budget reflected this in full measure.
"From 4.7 per cent growth in the last fiscal, the Indian economy grew by 5.7 per cent in Q1 of the current financial year 2014-15. Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in industrial sector, specially manufacturing, is showing an uptick.
"We are confident that by pursuing growth inducing policies, the Government would contribute fully to going back to a +7 per cent growth within two to three years," he said.
He further said the policies pursued by the Emerging Market Economies (EMEs) to bring growth back have been effective and India stands committed to the incremental 2 per cent growth in the global GDP.
Mayaram, however, pointed out that while it would be imperative for the EMEs including India to continue the path of structural reforms, the uncertainty and volatility in external environment is worrisome and needs the attention of the G20.
"As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the Emerging Markets and therefore, volatility in the currency markets," he said.
The decision on the exit from the Quantitative Easing (QE) programme that came in after the US FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) meeting yesterday had an impact on the currency markets of many of the emerging market economies.
"The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies. This concern was also raised by Mexico," the Secretary said.
Mayaram said the as discussions are taking place on domestic policies and actions, "we should also be discussing" G20 driven collaborative solutions which would reduce the impact of the possible near term repricing.
While countries would have to take actions commensurate with the space available to them, as IMF has themselves noted, macro prudential policies would be ineffective during downswings, he said.
In many of the countries, Mayaram added, the asset repricing would result in pressure on their currencies, leading to a spiral of tightening and derailing of all well laid growth strategy road maps.
"So, in order to ensure that the growth outcomes are still achieved, are there solutions that G20 can explore? Are swap lines a solution? Let us get the IMF to analyse whether it is so," he said, adding IMF are good at scenario analysis.
He opined that if an analysis can be made on loss of GDP in the face of exogenous shocks, but with swaps in place and in the absence of swaps, it would be useful.
  The official also suggested that the IMF can also be asked to look at the cost of the swap and compare those to the benefits.
Mayaram further said it was possible that the swap facility may never be used as it more of a confidence building measure, rather than actual ammunition.
The benefits to the global financial system could potentially be large as it would reduce the amount of self-insurance that countries need to do.
"At the same time, if the swap facilities do get used, the benefits would include a reduction in the negative shock to EM and global GDP," Mayaram added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shemaroo IPO subscribed 7.37 times on final day of offerSep 18, 2014, 08.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Shemaroo IPO subscribed 7.37 times on final day of offer
The proceeds from the issue would be utilised to fund working capital requirements and general corporate purpose. The lead managers of the issue are Yes Bank Ltd and ICICI Securities Ltd.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shemaroo IPO subscribed 7.37 times on final day of offer
The proceeds from the issue would be utilised to fund working capital requirements and general corporate purpose. The lead managers of the issue are Yes Bank Ltd and ICICI Securities Ltd.
Post your opinion here
 
The initial public offer of Shemaroo Entertainment, which is into film and entertainment content business, saw good demand from investors, getting subscribed 7.37 times, on the last day of the issue today.
The Rs 100-crore IPO, received bids for over 4.21 crore shares as against the issue size of over 57.20 lakh shares, data available with the NSE showed.
The final break-up for subscription in retail, qualified institutional buyers and non institutional investors category were, however, not updated.
As per yesterday's data available with the NSE, the category for retail individual investors was subscribed 1.77 times, while non institutional investors received 0.06 times subscription.
The portion for qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) saw 0.23 times subscription. Shemaroo entered the capital market with an initial public offer of shares in the price band of Rs 155-170 to raise about Rs 100 crore.
The company's IPO, which opened on Tuesday closed today. Shemaroo Entertainment had on Monday sold shares worth Rs  36 crore to nine anchor investors, including Birla Sunlife and HDFC mutual funds.
The proceeds from the issue would be utilised to fund working capital requirements and general corporate purpose. The lead managers of the issue are Yes Bank Ltd and ICICI Securities Ltd.
Shemaroo would list shares on the National Stock Exchange and the BSE.
Shemaroo is into film and entertainment content business. This is the fourth IPO this year. Prior to this, there have been public offers of Wonderla Holidays, Snowman Logistics Ltd and Sharda Cropchem.
RELATED NEWS

Mukesh Ambani Leads the Hurun India Rich List for 2014Mukesh Ambani Leads the Hurun India Rich List for 2014
China s gift: High speed trains  modern stations in IndiaHi Guest
China's gift: High speed trains, modern stations in India
In a significant development, Indian Railways on Thursday joined hands with China to increase speed in its existing rail network, modernise stations and enhance mutual cooperation in the sector in the country. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping signed total 12 memorandums of understanding (MoU), including cooperation in rail sector. Under the MoU for Railways, both sides have agreed to enhance cooperation in the railway sector in speed-raising on the identified ...

North Karnataka disappointed at Hero Honda s decisionN K'taka unhappy with Hero's decision
Gururaj Jamkhandi | Dharwad Sep 18, 2014 08:35 PM IST
The decision of Hero Motocorp to locate their unit near Chittoor in Andhra Pradesh has come as a great disappointment to the people of North Karnataka in general and Dharwad in particular. They are blaming the state government and political leaders for losing the project to Seemandhra.
Members of various organisations will stage a demonstration to protest the state’s apathy on Saturday at 10.45 AM. They will block the road and submit a memorandum to the deputy commissioner. Elected representatives, except Hubli-Dharwad West MLA Arvind Bellad (BJP) did not do much to get the government acting swiftly to ensure the Hero Plant’s establishment in Dharwad.
Hero had shown an inclination to set up its Rs 3,000 crore motorcycle manufacturing unit near Mummigatti on the Pune-Bangalore National Highway where 900 acres of land is available for immediate grant. Hero Motors had submitted its proposal in August 2013 and the state government approved it in May, 2014.
“The company had placed some demands and the casual attitude of the government made the Hero Motors to decide in favour of Andhra Pradesh. This shows the deliberate neglect of North Karnataka by the powers that be,” said an industrialist.
The entire region was hoping that the Hero Motocorp would select the land being offered by Karnataka government near Belur, off Dharwad for locating their unit. While the people were optimistic that setting up of Hero Motocorp plant would generate employment opportunities on a large scale, farmers who had already parted with their land were hoping to get their children employed good and see the entire region thrive. The unit would have had the potential for direct employment for 20,000 youths.
The industrialists who had earlier in October 2008 been disappointed when the Tata decided to relocate its Nano car manufacturing unit at Anand in Gujarat from Singur in West Bengal. They had hoped to see a boom in economic activity in North Karnataka with several ancillary industries getting a boost by establishment of the Hero Motocorp plant in North Karnataka. However, what was in store for them was another bout of disappointment.
Traders, businessmen, industrialists and members of various organsation under the aegis of Dharwad Chamber of Commerce and Industry expressed have expressed disappointment over the development.
“We had hoped that the Hero Motocorp officials would take into account all the factors and decide in favour of Dharwad for setting up their plant. It is a disappointing decision,” said Ravi Akalwadi, a businessman.
It is not that the Hero Motocorp’s decision to set up its plant in Andhra Pradesh came as a surprise. Apprehensions had been expressed when the state government dilly-dallied with Hero’s demand for fixing the VAT to be paid at 125 per cent. The company had asked for a 10-year period to pay VAT in a phased manner. Other demands were to reduce insurance amount from 125 per cent to 90 per cent and grant of 500 acres at one go.
A cabinet sub-committee was formed to look into the demands placed by Hero to set up its plant in Dharwad and the matter was left at that. There was no pro-active move on the part of Karnataka while AP chief minister Chandrababu Naidu took the lead in ensuring that the plant was set up at Chittoor and an MoU was signed.

Andhra Govt slashes VAT on jet fuel to 1%Sep 18, 2014, 09.41 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Andhra Govt slashes VAT on jet fuel to 1%
An order to this effect was issued here this evening. Hitherto, the State Government was charging 16 per cent VAT on jet fuel, according to Principal  Secretary (Commercial Taxes) S P Singh.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Andhra Govt slashes VAT on jet fuel to 1%
An order to this effect was issued here this evening. Hitherto, the State Government was charging 16 per cent VAT on jet fuel, according to Principal  Secretary (Commercial Taxes) S P Singh.
Post your opinion here
 
Andhra Pradesh Government today slashed value-added tax (VAT) on aviation turbine fuel (ATF) to just 1 per cent from 16 per cent.
An order to this effect was issued here this evening. Hitherto, the State Government was charging 16 per cent VAT on jet fuel, according to Principal  Secretary (Commercial Taxes) S P Singh.
RELATED NEWS

Mumbai: FIR against impostors faking Raj Thackeray s identity online6
0
Mumbai: An FIR was registered against unidentified people on Thursday, for allegedly creating fake social media accounts of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray as well as posting "objectionable pictures" of the MNS chief and his family members online, the police said.
"An FIR has been registered against unidentified persons under relevant sections of the Information Technology Act in connection with the complaint related to MNS chief Raj Thackeray," Shivaji Park police station's senior inspector Parshuram Kakad said.
"A written complaint was handed over to the police by Thackeray's personal assistant Sachin More and accordingly the FIR was registered," Kakad said.
The complaint stated that alleged impostors had sent "friend requests" to people online.
#raj thackeray #mns #shivaji park #mumbai
The written complaint submitted on Wednesday by More read, "We wish to bring to your notice that fake accounts on social networking sites such as Facebook and Orkut have been created in the name of MNS chief Raj Thackeray and intimate pictures of Thackeray have been posted online without his
consent".
The complaint stated that alleged impostors had sent "friend requests" to people online. After accepting these "friend requests", the fraudsters indulged in chats in the name of Raj Thackeray.
"The impostor is fooling people by making them believe that Raj Thackeray himself is chatting with them," it alleged. It is imperative to take strict action against the accused as they have indulged in criminal acts of posting fake political reactions and thereby creating confusion in the minds of the people, the letter said.
0

Maharashtra elections: BJP-Shiv Sena talks on seat-sharing hit a deadend  alliance in trouble47
0
Mumbai: Things may have come to a deadend in the Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena talks on seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections. Signalling more trouble for the BJP, the Shiv Sena on Thursday said it will not be dictated to by anyone and that any decision taken by party chief Uddhav Thackeray on alliance with the saffron party will be final.
"We won't compromise on self-respect. We all met Uddhavji today and discussed about alliance with the BJP. All leaders have given Uddhavji the final authority to decide on it," Sena MP Sanjay Raut said.
"The state will stand behind Uddhav Thackeray for whatever decision he takes on alliance with the BJP. We won't follow anybody's ultimatum," he said.
#maharashtra elections #shiv sena #bjp #seat sharing
The talks nearly collapsed when the BJP demanded 135 seats in the state and emphatically stated that it will form the government in Maharashtra. Shiv Sena remained adamant that Uddhav Thackeray will be the chief ministerial candidate no matter what the outcome of the polls.
Even though BJP president Amit Shah has tried to calm things down by saying that the party must solely focus on winning seats and not eye the chief ministerial post, it is unlikely the Shiv Sena will rest easy.
It remains to be seen where the discussion on the distribution of seats heads.
1

Tamil Nadu: CM Jayalalithaa told to appear in court on October 1 in tax case22
0
Chennai: A court on Thursday asked Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa and her aide Sasikala to appear before it "without fail" on October 1 in income tax returns case.
When the matter came up for hearing before Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate R Dakshinamurthy, the defence counsel filed petitions seeking adjournment of the case for two weeks and for dispensing with the personal appearance of the accused.
The Special Public Prosecutor, however, strongly opposed the petitions referring to the time limit fixed by the Supreme Court to complete the case. The matter was passed over to 2.30 pm and when the court resumed proceedings, the defence and prosecution sides made submissions strengthening their averments.
The Special Public Prosecutor, however, strongly opposed the petitions referring to the time limit fixed by the Supreme Court to complete the case.
#j jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #chennai #income tax case
At 5 pm, in a brief order, the magistrate said he was allowing the petitions filed by the accused. "The personal appearance of the accused is dispensed with [today] as a last chance," he said.
"The accused are directed to appear before court in person for answering questions and charges under the Criminal Procedure Code without fail" he said and adjourned the case to October 1.
After the order was pronounced, the defence counsel made submissions seeking certain amendments in the order citing the compound plea pending with the tax authorities. When the Magistrate sought the opinion of the prosecutor, he objected to it and added that he will not concur with amendments sought by defence.
"The Supreme Court has mandated that the proceedings be held on a day to day basis", the prosecutor said. The Magistrate then ruled out amendments to the order.
2

HC slams Delhi government on its policy for giving uniforms to EWS kidsSep 18, 2014 at 09:02pm IST
HC slams Delhi government on its policy for giving uniforms to EWS kids
5
1
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Thursday slammed the "insensitive" city government for its "wonky policy" with regard to providing uniforms to children of economically weaker sections studying in private schools, saying it will create a "class divide" among children as well as "change their moral fabric".
"Your policies are all wonky. Children from poorer sections sitting with those from affluent backgrounds will become isolated when kids from better off families are wearing uniforms costing Rs 3,000 while they have to make do with Rs 500 and Rs 700 to buy uniforms.
"You are immediately creating a class divide," a bench of justices BD Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul said, adding "you are changing the moral fabric of children."
"Children from poorer sections sitting with those from affluent backgrounds will become isolated when kids from better off families are wearing uniforms costing Rs 3,000 while they have to make do with Rs 500 and Rs 700 to buy uniforms, the court said.
#delhi #delhi government #delhi high court #ews
The bench made the observations after perusing Delhi government's Directorate of Education's (DoE) affidavit stating that it is annually providing Rs 500 to children upto class V and Rs 700 to those in classes VI to VIII in its schools for buying uniforms.
"Government is so insensitive. It thinks it is doing a favour to the poor children by providing them Rs 500 and Rs 700 for uniforms. This amount may be sufficient for uniforms for the summer. What about winter?"
"They just gave subsidy and got it over with. They do not care how much the uniforms actually cost. Obviously, government is not fully familiar with provisions of Right to Education (RTE) Act. That seems to be the impression. As far as they are concerned - we have given subsidy, do what you (students) may with it. Wear uniforms or don´t wear them," the court said.
"Till we know the price of the uniforms, how can we judge if subsidy given by you is adequate or not?" it added. The bench said when government is providing 25 per cent reservation for EWS category, it should give them the same facilities as other children.
"This may appear to be a small problem but is a major issue. You are changing the moral fabric of children. When you reserve 25 per cent seats for EWS, you should also give them equal facilities. This kind of insensitivity leads to psychological scarring and resentment," it warned.
1

CBI probe in coal scam case bereft of basic nuances: Court5
0
New Delhi: Observing that the CBI probe into a coal block allocation case was "bereft of basic nuances of investigation", a special court today ordered further probe in an FIR in which the agency had filed a closure report against Kolkata-based Vikash Metals and Power Ltd and its officials.
The court said that CBI's closure report requires further probe as some "crucial" aspects were not covered during the investigation. "Perusal of PE (preliminary enquiry) and closure report show that the cart is sort to be placed before the horse. It appears on bare perusal of PE and closure report that the investigating officer (IO) first chose to decide the conclusion and thereafter, he proceeded to prepare his report.
"I am once again constraint to note that the closure report filed by the CBI, as in the present case, is bereft of basic nuances of investigation," Additional Sessions Judge Bharat Parashar said. The court also said that a detailed order would be passed in the matter.
The court said that CBI's closure report requires further probe as some "crucial" aspects were not covered during the investigation.
#cbi #coal scam #coalgate #coal block allocations
During the hearing, the judge pulled up the CBI's IO for not bringing in court the original report of PE conducted in the case and instead producing its photocopy before him.
"It is beyond comprehension as to how such kind of closure reports are being forwarded by senior officers which clearly shows that even the age-old well established procedures of investigation are not being followed," the court said.
The court also noted that during the hearing, even Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) RS Cheema stated he does not agree with the conclusion arrived at in the closure report. "As rightly stated by SPP the present matter needs further investigation on crucial aspects for which separate order is to be passed," the court said and fixed the case for September 30 for further hearing.
CBI, in September 2012, had registered an FIR against Vikash Metals and Power Limited and its officials, accusing them of making false claims related to land allocation to get undue advantage in the coal block allocation.
0

S&P hits record on Fed support; financials leadWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Cong to target Modi in Haryana poll campaign: Shakeel AhmedCong to target Modi in Haryana poll campaign: Shakeel Ahmed
Parsvnath sells township project in Gurgaon for about Rs 700crParsvnath sells township project in Gurgaon for about Rs 700cr
ICICI Bank Ltd: A Definite Buy!ICICI Bank Ltd: A Definite Buy!
Asian-Indian groups oppose Gilead Hepatitis C drugHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Fresh opposition on Gilead’s Hepatitis C drug
PT Jyothi Datta
Mumbai, September 18:  
The last word is far from heard on drugmaker Gilead’s Hepatitis C drug sofosbuvir in India.
Asian and Indian groups have come together to file a fresh bout of opposition at the Kolkata patent office against sofosbuvir’s patent application.
The pre-grant opposition has been filed by Bangkok-based Asia-Pacific Network of People living with HIV/AIDS (APN+), the Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust and the Hepatitis Coalition of Nagaland. And the groups are being represented by the Lawyers Collective.
The move seeks to keep the breakthrough oral Hepatitis C drug affordable, by ensuring that generic drug companies are allowed to make the drug, and at low prices.
"We believe this patent application should be rejected," Anand Grover, Director, Lawyers Collective and senior counsel at the Supreme Court, said in a statement. "The patent application fails not only Section 3(d) of India's patent law that prohibits evergreening but it is neither new nor inventive."
A pre-grant opposition under the amended Patents Act allows interested parties to oppose a patent application on a product before the Patent Office decides on whether to grant or deny a patent. Patents grant an inventor 20 years market exclusivity, and public healthworkers fear that such monopolies could price medicines beyond the reach of patients.
In fact, Section 3 (d) has been a powerful touchstone provided in the amended Act to assess the inventiveness of a product. It disallows companies from seeking fresh patents on incremental changes made on existing compounds - a process called evergreening, unless they establish reasonable efficacy.
Deals and oppositions
The latest pre-grant opposition comes even as Gilead entered into an agreement with seven India-based companies, earlier this week. Companies including Cipla, Ranbaxy and Mylan will now be able to make sofosbuvir at reduced prices in certain markets.
But even this much anticipated deal came against the backdrop of a slew of existing pre-grant oppositions against sofosbuvir’s patent application.
First of the block in November last year was the opposition filed by legal group I-MAK, (Initiative for Medicines, Access & Knowledge). Also opposing sofosbuvir were the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (a platform of large Indian drug companies), Hyderabad-based drugmaker Natco and the Delhi Network of Positive People.
Sofosbuvir sold by California-based Gilead as Sovaldi is priced at $ 84,000 for 12 weeks in the US. And the company expects to bring its product into India at less than $ 1000 for 12 weeks.
The drug’s pricing has received much flak in India and overseas. According to Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust’s Eldred Tellis, Gilead's pricing on the drug has no relation to the reality of patients in need of the treatment whether they are in the United States or in the poorest countries in the world.
"The price at $900 per treatment course may sound good compared to the $84000 US price. That's until one remembers that one-third of Indians live on less than half a dollar a day." he said, in the statement.
Referring to the role of Indian generic drugmakers, Shiba Phurailaptam, Regional Co-ordinator of APN+ says: “Indian companies like Cipla were once trailblazers in providing generic access when MNCs turned their backs on us. We ask them not to become party to strategies of MNCs that put profits before lives."
Gilead representatives in the past have told Business Line that they will defend their patents in India, even as they enter into deals to stir local generic production of the drug to bring down prices.
Meanwhile, they have also met Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman this week to apprise her of the agreement Gilead has on the hepatitis drug with local alliance partners. The deal covers 91 developing countries.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Toonz woos makers of childrens filmsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Toonz woos makers of children’s films
Our Bureau
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, September 18:  
Toonz Animation India will team up with Disney India to host ‘Kahaani Masters,’ a national story-writing contest for kids to coincide with the animation house’s 15th anniversary.
It has already received 14,000 entries from the 4- to the 14-year-olds, according to P Jayakumar, Chief Executive Officer, Toonz.
The programme gives the young minds the opportunity to develop their story ideas to animation films to be aired on the Disney Channel in January.
Animation workshop
It was a decade ago that the animation house had initiated its own Children’s Animation Workshop. “We have now got the opportunity to associate with Disney to take this idea on a national platform.”
A jury led by the creative teams of Toonz and Disney along with Dhimant Vyas and Vaibhav Kumaresh, expert animators, chose five best stories from out of the 14,000 entries.
The five kids are Suhani Shrikhande from Nagpur (10); Animesh Nigham from Bhopal (7); Arti Garg from New Delhi (11); Mayul Verma from Agra (11) and Aryan Sharma from New Delhi (9).
‘Kahaani masters’
A three-day workshop at the Toonz Studio being organised here will allow these ‘Kahaani Masters’ to develop their story ideas into a three-minute animation film.
Prosenjit Ganguly, one of the finest story tellers in the animation industry, will mentor them. The kids will themselves design and colour their characters, the story background and add meat to their story.
Each kid will be supported by an animator from Toonz, Jayakumar said.
Over the next three months, the creative team at Toonz will create five animated short films based on the designs and stories created by the kids. The Disney channel will air them in January.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Life and its many complexitiesUpdated: September 18, 2014 20:58 IST
Life and its many complexities
Vijay George
The Hindu ONE FOR THE FAMILY: Asha Sharath, Mamta Mohandas, Govind Padmasoorya and Mammootty in a scene from Varsham.
TOPICS
Malayalam cinema
Ranjith Sankar’s Varsham features Mammootty in the lead role of a businessman who finds new meaning in life after he gets embroiled in some unwarranted incidents.
A long passageway at St. Aloysius College at Elthuruthu in Thrissur is jam-packed with students who are eagerly awaiting the arrival of Mammootty on the set of Ranjith Sankar’s Varsham.
Once the crew is ready with the arrangements for the shot, Mammootty walks in and the crowd erupts in excitement. The star joins actors Mamta Mohandas and Govind Padmasoorya in front of the camera.
“I would call the film a family entertainer,” says Ranjith Sankar, who marked his passage into Mollywood with Passenger. “Venu (Mammootty) is a well-to-do businessman married to Nandini (Asha Sharath) and their son is Anand, a Plus Two student, played by Prajul. He shot to fame with his role in Spirit. Certain incidents change the course of Venu’s life,” he adds.
Ranjith had shot his previous film, Punyalan Agarbathis, in Thrissur and the local dialect was a highlight of the film. “Though we are shooting in and around Thrissur, the accent is not on the dialect. This story can happen anywhere and is not bound to a particular place,” says the director.
T. G. Ravi, Sunil Sugatha and Sudheer Karamana play important characters who become a part of Venu’s life at various junctures in the narrative. The shot that is being taken has Nandini joining the other three, as they walk along the passage. Once it is okayed by the director, the crew gets ready for some close-up shots. “Nandini is a typical homemaker, possessive about her family and likes to show off. At a certain point in her life, she faces a crisis,” says Asha. The actress is also simultaneously shooting for Papanasam, the Tamil version of Drishyam, in which she is reprising her role of a tough cop – a role that’s completely different from that of the vain Nandini. Which one is tougher? “I really don’t know. Each role is tough in its own way,” she says.
Mamta, meanwhile, is playing a doctor. “Her name is Jayasree and it is a brief role. She brings in a certain change in Venu’s perspectives towards life. She gives a new purpose to their life,” the actor.
Varsham has been produced under the banner of Play House and will hit the screens towards the end of October. Manoj Pillai is the cinematographer and Bijibal scores the music. Stills are by Sinat Savier.

Amazon releases new tablets and e-readersAmazon releases new Fire tablets and e-readers
By Laurie Segall   @LaurieSegallCNN September 18, 2014: 9:54 AM ET
 
See Amazon's new tablets in :60
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Amazon has released a new set of tablets and e-readers.
A $79 Kindle and the Kindle Voyage are the company's new e-reader offerings.
"This is our thinnest, highest resolution, highest contrast e-reader we've ever done," Amazon VP Peter Larsen said of the Kindle Voyage, which starts at $199.
"We have a long term-vision to replace paper," Senior Vice President of Devices David Limp said at the launch event in New York Wednesday.
That translates to e-readers with higher resolution and contrast display. By releasing a cheaper e-reader, Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) hopes to tap into markets like India and China.
Related: Apple says iOS 8 will shield your data from police
The company also unveiled new Fire tablets, including one aimed at children. Their Fire HD Kids Edition comes with a two-year "worry-free" warranty.
The tablet is equipped with Amazon FreeTime, a feature that lets parents manage what their children can access.
Other new tablets include the 6-inch Fire HD, a tablet the company is touting as "the most powerful tablet under $100" and a $140 7-inch Fire HD tablet.
To prove the durability of Amazon's Fire HD tablets,Larsen said the company puts the tablets through the ringer, blasting everything from salt water to sunscreen on them and placing them inside a tumbler, which simulates the inside of a purse or backpack.
Executives also introduced the Fire HDX, showing off new audio features. As part of the demo, executives said the tablet was 20% lighter than the Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) iPad Air, and had a million more pixels.
All devices are available online for pre-order and will begin shopping in October.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 9:54 AM ET
Most Popular

Watch Live: Hagel Appears at House ISIS Hearingwatch live: hagel appears at house isis hearing
Risks and effects of climate changeRisks and effects of climate change
Factbox - Key trade  business announcements during China Xi s India visitFactbox - Key trade  business announcements during China Xi s India visit
Kandla Port repair delays cooking oil imports  may raise pricesKandla Port repair delays cooking oil imports  may raise prices
Maruti Suzuki India appoints R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and salesMaruti Suzuki India appoints R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales
Huawei enters IT services with telecom projectsHuawei enters IT services with telecom projects
Venkatesh Ganesh
Tweet
Bangalore, September 18:  
Telecom networking giant Huawei has entered IT services, a shift from its hardware-focussed strategy which will eat into the marketshare of Indian software exporters, especially in telecom-related projects.
The world’s largest privately held technology company is using its India R&D centre to take up projects involving managing of telecom infrastructure and their networks, thereby treading on the bread-and-butter businesses of Indian IT exporters. When contacted, Wilson Wang confirmed the development and told BusinessLine that engineers from India have started doing projects onsite and offshore for its clients such as China Mobile, China Telecom and others.
“Our 2,700 Indian engineers are paving the way in services, working on areas such as Ring Back Tones, cloud computing and agile software development, which helps telcos to provide different solutions to their customers” he said.
Huawei started off making telecom equipments such as routers and switches for telecom operators globally and within a span of a decade, the company gained significant marketshare from competitors like Cisco and ZTE. This development also underscores the ambition of Huawei, as it branches out into services, especially with global client base, noted Sanchit Vir Gogia, Analyst at Greyhound research.
The company, which started off selling networking equipment to Chinese telcos, now counts Mobily, MegaFon, Etisalat as their customers. “We already have an existing installed base of products that telecom companies use and services is our next frontier,” explained Wang. Also, services an area where Chinese companies have been laggards when compared to their Indian counterparts who have exported $75 billion worth of software in the 2014 fiscal year.
For a decade-and-a-half, Indian IT exporters have been trying to make a mark in the Chinese market, with the likes of TCS, Infosys, Wipro and others have subsidiaries in cities like Shanghai and Shenzen. However, they have not been able to make much inroads and almost all of these companies contribute a fraction of its overall turnover, according to company data. In a bid to spruce up revenues from China, TCS last year, Tata Information Technology was merged into TCS China.
Accroding to analyst data, global telecom outsourcing market is estimated to hit $76 billion by 2016.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

HCL Tech to add more than 1 000 employees in North Carolina officeHCL Tech to add more than 1,000 employees in North Carolina office
Our Bureau
Anant Gupta, President and CEO, HCL Technologies
To invest $9 m to expand the centre
New Delhi, September 18:  
Indian IT services companies are increasingly hiring closer to their clients. Noida-based HCL Technologies will be expanding its presence in North Carolina by hiring an additional 1,237 people by the end of 2018.
HCL Tech said it will invest around $9 million in expanding the centre.
The project is being done in part by a performance-based grant from the One North Carolina Fund of up to $123,700. The One NC Fund provides financial assistance, through local governments, to attract business projects that will stimulate economic activity and create new jobs in the state.
This is not the first time HCL Tech has invested in its global delivery footprint in order to enhance value for its clients by developing nearshore capabilities.
The company had earlier announced that it would be hiring 10,000 locals in the US by 2015. HCL in America is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California with more than 8,000 employees spread across 15 States in the US.
Global revenues
Its business in America contributes more than 50 per cent of HCL’s global revenues. The company has partnerships with North Carolina New Schools to leverage HCL’s services for content creation and management of its collaborative, online community.
“Given our core philosophy of building relationships beyond the contract, we remain committed to enhance our investments by developing nearshore capabilities in the communities we operate in,” Anant Gupta, CEO, HCL Technologies, said in a statement.
HCL will hire computer professionals to develop, maintain and upgrade software applications and provide services to global clients. Salaries will vary by job function and experience, but the average annual payroll is expected to be nearly $64 million, the company said. HCL is eligible to receive up to 12 annual grants equal to 75 per cent of the State personal income tax withholdings from the eligible new jobs created since the date of the initial award, it said. Over 12 years, this could yield aggregate benefits to HCL of more than $19.6 million upon the creation of 1,237 jobs.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

BSA Hercules  Apollo Hospitals to expand operations in PunjabBSA Hercules, Apollo Hospitals to expand operations in Punjab
BS Reporter | Chandigarh Sep 18, 2014 08:24 PM IST
Officials from the country's second biggest bicycle manufacturer BSA Hercules and Apollo hospitals on Thursday announced their decision to expand operations in Punjab after meeting Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, who was in Chennai on the first day of his investment promotion visit.
The Murugappa Group, which owns the BSA brand, has committed to establishing a bicycle manufacturing plant in Rajpura while Apollo hospitals will establish a state-of-the-art hospital at Amritsar.
On Thursday, L Ramkumar, managing director of Tube Investments of India Ltd, a Murugappa Group company, told Badal that the group had a tube manufacturing facility in Mohali and now wanted to put up a world class bicycle and tube manufacturing plant at Rajpura. Ramkumar said the company had already earmarked an investment of Rs 200 crore for the project.
He also told the Deputy CM that it was looking for a land parcel of 60-70 acres for the project.
"Our experience in Punjab, which has a congenial working atmosphere with zero labour issues has been very good. We now want to take advantage of the concessions being offered by the state to take our investment to the next level," said Ramkumar.
Sukhbir Badal also visited the Apollo hospital here and was the guest of honour at the 31st anniversary celebrations of the hospital chain.
At the occassion, Apollo hospitals Chairman Prathap C Reddy said the hospital chain would establish a state-of-the-art hospital in Amritsar that will not only cater to Punjab but also non-resident Indians (NRIs) and international patients.
Reddy said a team from Apollo hospitals would visit Punjab to ensure speedy establishment of the project. Reddy also disclosed that the hospital chain was keen to develop the skill sets of the medical fraternity, following which the deputy chief minister said Punjab was ready to give clearance to the hospital group to establish its own university for this purpose.

Hero MotoCorp to launch modelsSave this video
Copy URL
Pawan Munjal, VC, MD &amp; CEO, Hero MotoCorp said that new two-wheeler models will be launched by the company during festival season. He also said that two-wheeler are getting a new look and better engines so as to increase volumes.
147

Berry bushes move to the patio"The gardening population was traditionally women in their 50s to 70s. As that demographic gets older, (there are) concerns (about) what will follow. Kids in their 20s? I don't know if they'll be gardening."
But as more varieties appear on the market, they may get hooked. Time will tell.
In addition to containers on patios or balconies, small berry bushes can be used in more traditional landscaping as shrubs or hedges. Some resemble boxwoods, yet offer interesting color (pink, red, burgundy), depending on the time of year.
What's out there
If you're thinking of using berries as ornamentals, blueberries, raspberries and strawberries are among your best bets. They're compact, they produce fruit, and some are even attractive. There's also that geek factor, something to impress visitors.
Kylie Keppler, marketing assistant for Fall Creek Farm & Nursery of Lowell, Ore., says the company released three types of berry plants in 2013 under its BrazelBerry line. Two were blueberries (Peach Sorbet and Jelly Bean), and the other was raspberry (Raspberry Shortcake). A fourth, Blueberry Glaze, reached garden centers this year, and more varieties are in the pipeline.
"They're aesthetically pleasing, and typically have amazing color and different color year-round," she said. "Whether it's a ... raised bed or on a balcony, you can have berries."
The plants have different characteristics. The dwarf Jelly Bean (zones 4-8) grows to 1-2 feet and has medium to large fruit. Peach Sorbet (zones 5-10) grows up to 2 feet and has medium fruit. Blueberry Glaze (zones 5-8) gets to 2-3 feet and features small fruit, almost like wild blueberries. Raspberry Shortcake (zones 5-9) is a dwarf, growing to 3 feet with medium fruit. It's thornless and no staking is required.
In addition, many companies offer strawberry varieties that can be used in planters or hanging baskets. Even small lemon or lime trees can be grown in a pot on the patio, more for show than anything else.
Care and timing
Full sun is a requirement, along with acid soil for the blueberries and a more neutral pH for raspberries. Fertilize in the spring and water moderately. Also, plan ahead for a more steady harvest of fruit. Strawberries mature early, blueberries and raspberries in midseason. Plant accordingly and move your containers around for the biggest impact and best productivity.
Drawbacks
What a gardener gains in show value — a small plant that provides some fruit — he or she will lose in yield.
"A lot of people want to grow things on their deck, but you're not growing much in a two-gallon pot," Rinaca points out.
"I frankly think some of the dwarf plants — raspberry and blackberry — would be more productive with longer canes."
She uses a blueberry bush as an example. "If it goes in the ground you'll get four times the blueberries in two years. ... If your objective is ornamental, (the dwarf varieties are) fine. But if you want fruit, you need to grow some varieties that are productive."
bhageman@tribune.com

Tesla Just Got One Step Closer To Direct Distributiontesla just got one step closer to direct distribution
Xi Jinping s India visit: Rameshwaram to Mansarovar by railE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Diesel Cars Makes Less Economic Sense Now: Crisil ResearchYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Diesel Cars Makes Less Economic Sense Now: Crisil Research
Published On:                  September 16, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 57 sec
Tweet
Ajay Srinivasan, director at Crisil Research, said the narrowing price difference between petrol and diesel prices means that it takes longer today to recoup the price premium paid for diesel cars. Besides, in resale market, the price of diesel cars is getting impacted more than that of the petrol cars, he added.

New dinosaur species discovered in PortugalNew dinosaur species discovered in Portugal
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 17:  
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, the smallest in Portugal and probably the tiniest of all plant-eating dinosaurs.
“It’s one of the smallest on record in Portugal and probably the smallest of herbivorous dinosaurs, because it belongs to one of the smallest groups at a global level and because it probably wasn’t yet an adult,” researcher Fernando Escasso told Portuguese Lusa News Agency.
After studying the findings of studies made in 1999 and travelling to America to observe fossils of this era, the researchers from the National History Society of Torres Vedras, the University of Lisbon and the University of Madrid, classified the new species of dinosaur, Xinhua news agency quoted Lusa as saying.
The fossils which have partial skeleton of the tail, of the pelvic girdle and of the hind paws, belong to the Natural History Society of Torres Vedras.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Xi-Modi  spin  world attention to the banks of SabarmatiXi-Modi 'spin' world attention to the banks of Sabarmati
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chinese President Xi Jinping visits Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad as Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomes him with traditional cotton garland on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping share a light moment at Hriday Kunj in Sabarmati Ashram, Ahmedabad on Wednesday.
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
The world community watched in excitement as the top leaders of the two most populated nations in the world sat together on the floor of Hriday Kunj at Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad giving a different spin to their relationship. As the guest Chinese President Xi Jinping tried his hands on the charkha, the host, Prime Minister Narendra Modi was seen explaining to him the hidden message of self-reliance that Mahatma Gandhi’s charkha carries.
On his six-hour visit to Ahmedabad on Wednesday, Chinese President Xi Jinping paid a visit to Gandhi Ashram and offered his homage to the Father of the Nation. Modi, who received the Chinese President at the Ashram, welcomed him with the traditional garland made of cotton thread. Modi was also seen explaining the significance of the tradition.
While the two spent nearly an hour at the ashram, Modi took his guest Jinping through the exhibition at the Ashram detailing about Mahatma Gandhi’s life and works.
With Gandhi’s favourite Gujarati bhajan ‘Vaishnav Jan’ and ‘Raghupati Raghav’ being sung by children in the background, the Prime Minister and Chinese President visited main parts of the Ashram including the heart - Hriday Kunj, where Mahatma Gandhi lived.
Jinping, who was gifted with pictures, books and mini charkha, penned down his experience of visiting the Ashram on the visitors’ book, while his host Modi stood beside him watching.
The short historic visit of the Chinese guests entered in its last phase when Jinping and Modi headed towards Sabarmati Riverfront, where there was a lavish authentic Gujarati dinner was waiting for them.
Modi, who has been vocal about Gujarati culture and heritage, accompanied the Chinese President and his wife Peng Liyuan through the riverfront park, located right on the opposite bank to the Sabarmati Ashram. Liyuan, who is a well-known folk singer in China, took keen interest in knowing about the Gujarati music and art.
The impressive exhibition of folk dance and Gujarati garba made the walk-the-talk of the two leaders more colourful and interesting. Colourful fountains added the required exoticism to the atmosphere. As the two leaders sat on a crafted wooden swing facing the river, it became one of the most memorable moments of the day.
As the atmosphere started getting joyful with colours of Gujarati culture and heritage completely enveloped the 'dinner delegation' - comprising of 22 persons. Apparently, no borders were felt at least on the banks of Sabarmati River. At the dinner, hosted by the Gujarat government, Chinese guests savoured over 50 authentic Gujarati varieties in a colourful, musical surrounding.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

OECD Proposals to Have Impact on Transfer Pricing in India: ExpertsE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
New Delhi: Once implemented, the measures proposed by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) to curb tax avoidance activities would have "far reaching implications" in India's transfer pricing landscape as well as a significant impact on US multinationals with overseas operations, according to experts.
Paris-based think tank OECD, which sets global tax standards, published seven-point BEPS (base erosion and profit sharing) recommendations on Tuesday. ( Read more )
"The BEPS release on Intangibles and transfer pricing documentation will have far reaching implications in the transfer pricing landscape in India and around the globe," said Rohan K Phatarphekar, partner and national leader-global transfer pricing services at KPMG in India.
Companies having international operations would have to work towards not only adhering to compliance obligations but also review the operating structures in various jurisdictions, he said in a statement.
The proposals have been prepared after extensive consultations with various stakeholders including G20 nations.
In a separate statement, Manal Corwin, national leader of international tax at KPMG LLP, said that if adopted by key OECD member countries and observers as expected, the measures would have a significant impact on US multinationals with overseas operations.
Ms Corwin, who had also served as deputy assistant secretary for tax policy for international tax affairs at the US Treasury Department, said the impact would not only include changes in compliance obligations, but could directly affect current operating structures in meaningful ways.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 20:30 (IST)

Apple Pay: dont bank on it© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1da5f950-3d20-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Truant monsoon could hit Rabi crop prospects tooTruant monsoon could hit Rabi crop prospects too
Tomojit Basu
Radha Mohan Singh
New Delhi, Sept. 17:  
With deficit rainfall at 11 per cent, Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh stated on Wednesday that parts of the country that had been acutely affected by the erratic monsoon this year will find the Rabi (winter) sowing season challenging.
Major wheat producing states like Uttar Pradesh (UP), Haryana and Madhya Pradesh, have had shortfalls in rain with UP declaring 40 districts as drought-hit this week. Haryana had declared all 22 districts drought affected on September 2. Wheat, barley, potato, mustard and maize, are the primary Rabi crops and are sowed at the beginning October and harvested in spring.
“Regions that received deficit rainfall will be affected during sowing for the Rabi season. However, despite 11 per cent deficit in rainfall, the situation is not like during 2009 and acreage is down only 3 per cent,” said Singh at the inauguration of a national event highlighting various aspects of the Rabi season.
“We managed to institute timely policies to face the challenges of the delayed monsoon. We implemented a diesel subsidy scheme, increased ceiling of the subsidy on seeds, waived duties on the imports of various feed ingredients and provided financial support for horticultural crop growers etc. Contingency plans were prepared for 565 districts,” he added, stating that States would be provided all assistance to achieve production targets.
Singh reiterated that prices would be kept under control, using the example of prevailing prices for potatoes and onions at Rs.30-35 per kilogram (kg) as compared to Rs.80 per kg under the previous government at this time last year.
Fallow land utilisation & production targets
State governments have been asked to utilise nearly 3.37 million hectares of land that was left unsown during the kharif season due to the shortfall in rain. Production of pulses and oilseeds on such land where moisture content had improved would be concentrated on.
J S Sandhu, the Agriculture Commissioner, informed that the production target for wheat had been set at 94 mt and that the Government would attempt to utilize 3.37 million hectares of land that had been left fallow during the kharif due to the shortage of rainfall. The year’s targets for rice (14 mt), barley (1.75 mt), maize (6 mt), millets (2.5 mt), pulses (12.5 mt), oilseeds (11 mt) and foodgrains (130.75 mt) were also released.
“We are trying to enforce seed certification standards and also further the area application of micronutrients in the soil. The promotion of seed production during the off-season to make up for deficiencies is something we are trying as well planning in advance for summer pulses,” said Sandhu. Strategies to tackle wheat crop diseases like Yellow Rust and Karnal Bunt were underway as well, he added.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

We are making insurance an additional bank product‘We are making insurance an additional bank product’
Deepa Nair
Tweet
JOHN HOLDEN, CEO, Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance Company
Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance Company is the only life insurer in the domestic market which distributes exclusively through its three shareholder bank partners – Canara Bank (51 per cent stake), HSBC (26 per cent) and OBC (23 per cent). The insurer, on Wednesday, launched an e-integration programme – CHOICeNET portal – with its partner banks’ intranet that allows bank employees to provide end-to-end information on their customers’ policies. John Holden, Chief Executive Officer, feels the initiative will help it deliver a seamless insurance experience at bank branches and lower operating costs, a benefit it can pass on to the customers. Edited excerpts from an interview:
How has the new fiscal year been so far? Do you expect growth to pick up this year?
We had a good first quarter, where new business premium collection was up around 20 per cent from the previous year. We are a maturing business; we are now into our seventh year of business. We are profitable, which makes us unique at this young age. When you are so young in the business, then growth is very important. What’s happening in the country is not something that substantially affects our business because we have 7,000 branches and around six crore customers and our premium penetration, as a percentage of the overall base, is around 1 per cent. So, our challenge is not really defined by the market.
What is your product mix like?
Our product mix is different across banks. We launched the participating life insurance business in Canara Bank and OBC last year; here the product mix is balanced at 50 per cent in Ulips and traditional products. We have not launched participating products with HSBC and we are in a product approval process with the regulator. So, overall our business is 70 per cent driven by Ulips.
What is your distribution mix across the three banks?
Canara Bank contributes to 40 per cent of the business for us, HSBC contributes around 35 per cent and OBC is around 25 per cent. HSBC is a high net-worth top-end wealth bank, so it does big-ticket business.
How do you see CHOICeNET contributing to your business growth?
We are trying to make insurance just like an additional bank product (available) at branches. What we want to drive is engagement and acceptance by the branch staff. I hate the idea that it is viewed as a third-party product. The bank owns the insurance company, so we are trying to put the entire delivery experience into the branch such that queries can be answered in the branch itself.
Will there be system integration across the three banks?
We want to respect the integrity of the bank customer, so we wouldn’t share HSBC’s customer data with the other two banks because it is their data and we are just the insurance department of the banks.
There has been a lot of discussion on the opening up of the bancassurance channel. Are you concerned about this and do you have plans to enter as an agent?
We believe agency is really expensive to run and difficult to manage so, we don’t have any plans to have an agency business. We like the fact that we control the sales process from the moment the customer walks into the bank to the policy issuance process. Also, we have two bank chairmen on our board, so if there is any issue we can stop it straightaway. In terms of anti-money laundering and KYC checks, we can control it all the way down to the last branch, which is important to us. So, as soon as we open up an agency, we lose the control we currently have. So, if the bancassurance channel model opens up, we hope the option is left to the bank’s board.
HSBC has exited the insurance business in many parts of the world. With foreign direct investment expected to come in, how do you see the relationship evolving?
While the question is addressed to the shareholder, HSBC remains in the insurance business in many countries such as Brazil, Hong Kong, Singapore, Argentina, Mexico and the UK. What I would say for FDI as far as the company is concerned (is that) we are at the same place today that we were at a year ago. We feel FDI will come when the time is right. However, we don’t need FDI to make our strategy come right. For us on the ground, we don’t see much change because we don’t have shareholders who are capital-constrained.
Correction:
In the sentence, Canara Bank contributes to 40 per cent of the business for us, HSBC contributes around 35 per cent and OBC is around 25 per cent, it was earlier mentioned as HSBC contributes around 25 per cent and OBC is around 15 per cent. It has been now corrected to HSBC contributes around 35 per cent and OBC is around 25 per cent.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

What is woman s virginity worth $5 000  rules courtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NASA selects Boeing  SpaceX to ferry US astronauts to International Space StationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Googles soft power approach to EuropeThe big stick behind Google’s soft power approach to Europe
By Murad Ahmed in London and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5c3052-3e5f-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beyondbrics: China-India tiesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Scotland needs bravery to build strong banksScotland has to be braver to build strong banks
By John Gapper
The mechanisms the country will need as an independent entity take courage and a lot of time
On Thursday, Scotland may set out on the bumpy path to independence from the rest of the UK. Its banking system is likely to work only if it is braver and more far-sighted than Alex Salmond, the Scottish National party leader, during the campaign.
There is no inherent reason for Scotland to lack well-regulated banks that offer a solid foundation for its economy, despite the short- and medium-term disruption. Unlike other breakaway countries, its people are very experienced at running them. Most banks would be foreign-owned, at least at first, but that is not a disaster.
More
Two sides of Virgin
But Scotland’s banks would remain fragile if the country clung to Mr Salmond’s timidity. There is little support for a currency union in the rest of the UK; and trying to retain the pound with an arrangement such as a currency board, as he has mooted, would undermine the banks’ foundations.
Scotland would have to take the plunge by creating its own currency and giving its people the incentive they would otherwise lack to keep their money in domestic banks backed by its own central bank and deposit insurance. If it resisted, it would suffer from deposit flight and weak institutions.
Scotland’s problem – that its banking sector is too large in relation to its economy for investors to believe it could handle a financial crisis – is being solved for it. If there is a Yes vote, Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds plan to redomicile their holding companies in London to retain Bank of England support.
Mr Salmond has railed against the leaking of their plans but the banks have done him a favour by being honest. An independent Scotland could not support a banking sector 12 times the size of its gross domestic product, and it would not have to. It would lose some jobs, but it would shed a severe liability.
More video
Scotland does not need a huge banking sector, bloated by the reckless growth globally and in the UK of RBS and Bank of Scotland before the 2008 financial crisis. It gains from being an international centre for asset management and insurance but its economy requires only modest-sized banks.
In this context, sterling is a trap. Mr Salmond claims he could cajole or blackmail (by threatening to repudiate Scotland’s public debt) the remaining UK into a currency union but that is deeply implausible. If the SNP kept the pound, it could do so only with a mechanism that made lending treacherous.
First, its banks would lack a lender of last resort. Scotland would re-run its experiment in “free banking”, which operated between the 1707 Act of Union between England and Scotland and the Scottish Bank Notes Act of 1854. Instead of the banks’ liabilities being underwritten by a central bank, they would need to retain more capital themselves.
This worked for a time in the 18th century’s common currency zone – despite bank collapses – winning praise from Adam Smith, the economist, among others. But it would be a sizeable risk and force Scottish banks to have more capital, squeezing their lending capacity.
Second, it would be too easy for Scots to deposit money in UK banks rather than Scottish ones. Both would take the currency and UK banks would offer central bank support and established deposit insurance. Scotland intends to create its own deposit scheme, but that would be new and untested.
RBS and Lloyds announced their moves amid pressure to head off deposit flight, and the problem would worsen after independence. Scottish banks and the Scottish subsidiaries of UK banks would be severely constrained by the double bind of higher capital requirements and flighty deposits.
Banks in an independent Scotland would need an independent currency to solve the capital and deposit problems. That would give them the backing of a central bank, easing their demand for surplus capital, and reassuring both their investors and depositors about their underlying strength.
A new currency would also put a barrier in the way of money being diverted to UK banks operating in sterling. Most Scots would hold cash in domestic banks because there would be no easy alternative (unless and until Scotland joined the euro), just as domestic banks are favoured the world over.
It sounds simple but would be far from simple in practice, which is why Mr Salmond and the SNP have tried to stamp out the currency debate during the campaign. All loans and savings would have to be redenominated and financial institutions – from its government and central bank to banks themselves – would need to establish credibility.
There are many pitfalls to creating a new currency and banking system. Banks in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, for example, grew too fast and were hit by crises after leaving the former Soviet Union. It has taken 25 years for them and their regulators to adapt.
Scotland, though, has an advantage. The Baltic countries had not tried it before but the Scots are old banking hands. Bank of Scotland, although it went astray, is nearly as old as the Bank of England, and HSBC was founded and run by Scots expatriates.
It knows how to build strong banks, all right, but that takes time and requires real independence.

No near-term gains for Lupin from Merck dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lex v Gapper on Scotlands banking futureShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Lex vs Gapper on Scotland's banking future
Sep 17, 2014 : In the event of a Yes vote, the Scottish National party would want to continue its currency union. Lex's Oliver Ralph and FT's associate editor John Gapper debate whether an independent Scotland could develop its own successful finance and banking sector under the sterling.

What Sony should be doing nextShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Sony suffering
Sep 17, 2014 : Sony has warned of a $2bn annual net loss. Not much of a turnround. Lex's Oliver Ralph and Robert Armstrong discuss what Sony should be doing.
Links:  Sony: pull the plug  /  Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald. Produced by Darryl Thomson.

Floods devastate KashmirShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Floods devastate Kashmir
Sep 17, 2014 : Low-lying areas of the Kashmir Valley have been inundated, stranding residents and leaving them short of food, drinking water and supplies. The FT's Victor Mallet reports from Srinagar, where the slow response of the authorities has angered residents.
Credits: Edited by Tom Griggs. Pictures by Reuters.

European peace dividend under pressureEuropean ‘peace dividend’ under pressure from geopolitical risks
By Neil Buckley, East Europe Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16b1865c-3e7c-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech blog: Fashion wearables 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Best-loved Constables at V&A© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1985c44-3e76-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Management: Atlas ShruggedAyn Rand’s ‘Atlas Shrugged’ becomes a cinematic charity case
Review by Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd7edfea-3dc6-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Battle for BritainSeptember 17, 2014 6:39 pm
The Battle for Britain
By Mure Dickie
While many Britons worry about an inclusive identity, allegiance has been eroding for decades
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7f02bc24-3d98-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Many Britons worry about an inclusive identity but allegiance has been eroding for decadesSeptember 17, 2014 6:39 pm
The Battle for Britain
By Mure Dickie
While many Britons worry about an inclusive identity, allegiance has been eroding for decades
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7f02bc24-3d98-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tardy response of Indian authorities is enraging an already alienated population of Kashmiri MuslimsIndia’s flood response failings stoke Kashmir separatist passions
By Victor Mallet in Srinagar
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/112fb526-3e33-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Warning over Isis cyber threatWarning over Isis cyber threat
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92fb509c-3ee7-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt plans levy to safeguard steel from cheap importsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Visa considers options on Monitise stakeMonitise shares fall as Visa considers stake sale
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e4a3aac-3f0f-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to hold talks with China on civil nuclear cooperationIndia to hold talks with China on civil nuclear cooperation
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Sept 18:  
India will open talks on civil nuclear energy cooperation with China, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday after summit talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping in New Delhi.
The announcement, part of the new government's push to broaden its nuclear energy sector, comes on the heels of a deal India struck this month to buy uranium from Australia to increase its fuel supplies.
"We will begin the process of discussions on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster our broader cooperation on energy security," Modi said in a statement, with Xi beside him, at a news conference.
Ahead of Xi's visit, Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Liu Jianchao told reporters that China had a "positive attitude" towards nuclear cooperation with India, but offered no details.
Behind the scenes, China has been pressing India hard to begin talks on civil nuclear cooperation, said W.P.S. Sidhu, a senior fellow at Brookings India.
Any deal for India to buy civil nuclear reactors from China may take years, but both countries benefit by starting the conversation, said Sidhu.
"It's a way for India to explore other options," he said.
Washington signed a civil nuclear agreement with New Delhi in 2008 allowing India to import U.S. nuclear fuel and technology without giving up its military nuclear programme, but progress on bringing U.S. companies into India has been halting.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Jet Airways to launch full services on JetKonnect from Dec 1Jet Airways to launch full services on JetKonnect from Dec 1
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
In a bid to take on competition from Tata-SIA’s Vistara airline which is yet to start operations, Jet Airways today announced the launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December 1 and plans to consolidate into a single brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
‘Single brand’
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform ‘single brand’, with Jet Airways streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into “a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience’’, the statement said.
“As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December 1, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network,” it said.
‘Sky Café’
It said the ‘Sky Cafe’ or Jet’s buy-on-board service would be discontinued. Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December 1 onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India, after joining Star Alliance, has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board has decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Use force to throw Chinese troops out of India: Samajwadi Party leaderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maruti voting to allow Suzuki to own Gujarat plant likely in NovemberE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vijay Mallya summoned by court over payment of Kingfisher Airlines pilotE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kerala population ageing fast: surveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Smallest known galaxy with supermassive black hole foundE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IFC lends $50mn to PNB Housing FinanceIFC lends $50mn to PNB Housing Finance
BS Reporter | Pune Sep 18, 2014 08:56 PM IST
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, today announced that it is lending  $50 million to PNB Housing Finance to support increased access for affordable housing finance, particularly among women and self-employed people, in India. IFC also helped mobilize a further $50 million to PNBHousing Finance from other investors.
Of the $100 million, nearly 35 per cent will be used to provide home loans to women, either as principal or co-borrowers. Another 35 per cent will help PNB Housing enhance its presence and focus in emerging cities in the priority states of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, and Chhattisgarh. IFC will also support the company in its proposed entry into green mortgages for energy-efficient housing.
“IFC’s financing and global expertise will help expand housing finance beyond metros,” said Sanjaya Gupta, Managing Director, PNB Housing.
“It will also encourage other housing finance companies to enter the affordable housing segment.”
The housing finance market in India has a huge gap to fill. According to India’s Twelfth Five Year Plan (2012-2017), the housing shortage in the country is estimated at 58.8 million units. Over 90 percent of this demand is from low-income households. In India, IFC has a committed portfolio ofabout $200 million in housing finance.
“Given the strong development impact of affordable housing in India, IFC’s investment will reinforce the viability of housing finance for low and middle-income households,” said Giriraj S. Jadeja, Regional Head for Asia, Financial Institutions Group, IFC. "Additionally, support to affordable housing will spur construction activity, create jobs, and contribute to economic growth."
PNB Housing, a subsidiary of Punjab National Bank, offers home loans, loan against property, lease rental discounting, and construction finance. As of March 31, 2014, the company had 32 branches across India.

Allegiance has been eroding for decadesSeptember 17, 2014 6:39 pm
The Battle for Britain
By Mure Dickie
While many Britons worry about an inclusive identity, allegiance has been eroding for decades
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7f02bc24-3d98-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No  Jimmy  Grandma is not coming home© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/bc60c430-3e60-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three new engines of growth in ChinaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Hyundai shares slide on $10bn HQ purchaseHyundai shares slide on $10bn HQ purchase
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8162b5a-3ef7-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

News Corp chief lambasts cynical GoogleNews Corp chief lambasts ‘cynical’ Google
By Henry Mance and Murad Ahmed in London, and Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a891c320-3f08-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dubai clampdown on Esprito Santo unitDubai regulator places restrictions on Espírito Santo unit
By Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f9c331c-3f0c-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bullish on Banks  IT Stocks  Says LIC ChairmanYou are here: Home Market
Bullish on Banks, IT Stocks, Says LIC Chairman
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 20:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Mumbai: The chairman of India's largest investor, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), said on Thursday he saw few red flags ahead, betting on a long-term rally for the country's stock market under a new pro-business government.
India's equity market has outperformed emerging market rivals this year, thanks to overseas fund interest fuelled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who came to power in May with a pledge to boost growth and revive investment. After months of caution, domestic investors are now also growing more confident.
LIC Chairman S. K. Roy told Reuters he was "very bullish" about the banking, pharmaceutical, metals and IT outsourcing sectors because of expectations of a cyclical recovery and a stabilising rupee currency.
"There are a large number of sectors about which we are very confident this year," Mr Roy said in an interview.
The state-run life insurer also likes the capital goods sector and is looking develop its existing holding of more than 70 land plots in phases over the next three to five years, either for commercial or residential purposes, Roy added.
Mr Roy, who has been with the insurer more than three decades, added he saw few warning signs for markets, thanks to the government's commitment to contain the fiscal deficit and receding concerns about lower rainfalls in the monsoon period.
"The general perception in the country is that this rally will be around for some time," he said.
The growing confidence of India's domestic investors is seen as critical to sustain the strong performance of recent months, at a time of concern that overseas funds could start paring their holdings if the US Federal Reserve raises rates.
LIC plans to invest Rs 3 lakh crore in markets this year, of which 55,000 crore will be in shares, more than an estimated Rs 2.5 lakh crore last year. The bulk of its investments will go to government bonds, traditionally its biggest allocation.
Mr Roy added LIC was headed for a "very good year", both in terms of its market investments and its core insurance business. The chairman said he expected growth of 12 per cent in insurance premiums this fiscal year, in line with 13.4 per cent last year.
A Good Year
The strong endorsement from LIC, which has Rs 17.69 lakh crore ($290.29 billion) of assets under management, is a sign of a changing mood among domestic investors in India, which last year suffered its worst market turmoil since the 1991 balance of payment crisis.
LIC is a powerful market player in India whose moves shift sentiment, and who has also been known to step in to support markets at times of vulnerability.
Analysts say powerful domestic investors such as LIC will be critical to sustain a rally that has lifted Indian shares to record highs this year, as well as strength in bonds and the rupee - so far primarily driven by foreign investors.
India has been one of the best performing equity markets this year with the NSE index gaining about 28 per cent so far, compared with a 5 per cent increase in the MSCI emerging market index.
Equity mutual funds have seen Rs 19,442 crore ($3.19 billion) in domestic inflows this year, most of it over the past two months. That is well below the $14.14 billion bought by overseas funds, but marks a sharp change from two consecutive years of heavy outflows.
The confidence comes despite mixed data showing India's economy is recovering only slowly from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Investors have also been somewhat disappointed by the lack of major policy reforms since PM Modi's election.
"It's a good sign and we can assume that at the current rate of inflows the markets will continue to gain and outperform," Atul Kumar, head of equity funds at Quantum AMC said.
"With so much domestic mobilization, you can expect the rally to spread out to smaller companies."
($1= Rs 60.94)

Stand-off overshadows Xis India deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28c61aae-3f0f-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti names R.S. Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and salesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti names R.S. Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales
Our Bureau
R S Kalsi has been appointed head of Domestic Marketing and Sales, Maruti Suzuki
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Car market leader Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) on Thursday said it has appointed R S Kalsi as the head of Domestic Marketing and Sales, replacing Mayank Pareek, who resigned from the company recently.
Kalsi is currently Executive Director, heading the parts, accessories and outbound logistics divisions of the company, MSIL said in a statement.
Shashank Srivastava, Executive Director, will continue to head International Marketing for the company and both Kalsi and Srivastava will report to the Managing Director, it said.
“RS Kalsi has served as our National Sales Head, before which he had led the company’s foray into a bouquet of businesses, including Maruti Finance and Maruti True Value,” Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director and CEO, MSIL, said.
Starting out as an engineer on the Maruti shop floor, Kalsi has performed multiple roles across the spectrum. This has enabled him to develop a sound understanding of the business and a deep commitment to Maruti Suzuki values, he said.
“Having worked in close partnership with the company’s domestic dealer network, Kalsi has a sound understanding of customer needs and preferences. With Kalsi heading our domestic Marketing and Sales efforts, and Shashank spearheading our international operations, we will be in a very good position to strengthen our bond with customers as we move towards our medium-term goal of two million annual vehicles sales,” he added.
With these organisational changes Maruti Suzuki will continue to strengthen its relationship with customer and partners, the company said.
Kalsi, a Mechanical Engineer from the Delhi College of Engineering, joined the company in 1984.
He has served in various roles, including vendor development, supply chain, parts inspection and engineering, before being asked to spearhead the company’s foray into new businesses such as Maruti True Value, Maruti Insurance, Maruti Driving Schools and Maruti Finance in 2002.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Gordon Brown makes final push in No campaignGordon Brown makes final push in No campaign
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and John Aglionby in London
©PA
a person close to the former prime minister said: "Mr Brown has made it clear he is not returning to frontline politics. That position has not changed.”
Gordon Brown delivered an impassioned defence of the UK on Wednesday as the former prime minister called on Scots to reject independence in Thursday’s referendum.
As campaigners from both sides spent the final day ahead of the vote trying to convince the hundreds of thousands of voters who say they are still undecided, Mr Brown urged what he called the silent majority “to be silent no more” and to “let no narrow nationalism split us asunder”.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
“Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow,” he told the final Better Together rally in Glasgow. “Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland , the only answer is vote No.
“What sort of message would we send out to the rest of the world, we who pioneered a partnership between nations, if tomorrow we said we’re going to give up on sharing, throw our idea of solidarity into the dust?” he said.
“This is not the Scotland I know.”
The latest opinion poll, commissioned by STV and released late Wednesday afternoon, showed just a 2 percentage point lead for the No camp, putting it on 51 per cent among the voters who have decided, with the “Don’t knows” at 5 per cent. The poll by Ipsos-Mori represents a 7 percentage point gain in support for the Yes camp since its last poll in early August.
The latest polls suggest an even narrower lead for the pro-union campaign than the results of three opinion polls on Tuesday night. Among those who have decided, the No camp was 4 percentage points ahead in all three polls, but the Yes side has gained ground. They also showed that between 6 per cent and 14 per cent of the 4.3m eligible voters have yet to make up their minds.
Financial markets analysts said traders were pricing in only a small chance of a Yes vote. “Not a single one of our clients is preparing for a Scottish exit,” said Valentin Marinov, strategist at Citigroup.
The pound was little changed on Wednesday, up 0.2 per cent at $1.6309 in early evening trading.
Both sides are predicting a high turnout. Mary Pitcaithly, the chief counting officer, told the BBC on Wednesday that about 80 per cent of the 790,000 postal votes had been returned.
Alistair Darling, leader of the No campaign, told the Glasgow rally that Scots who wanted certainty should vote No.
“If you have such a momentous decision to take, you need to have certainty. And what is very clear at the end of this long campaign is that from the nationalist side there is no certainty at all.”
The pro-independence campaign holds its final rally in Perth on Wednesday evening, but in the morning dozens of Yes campaigners, brandishing Saltire flags and blue and white balloons, lined the steps outside the Royal Concert Hall in the centre of Glasgow. They were addressed by comedian and Yes campaigner Elaine C Smith.
“Yes, yes, yes,” chanted the mixed-aged crowd, some of whom had been invited to take part in the rally by text as little as a couple of hours beforehand.
“I’ve never seen Glasgow like this,” said Ricky Ross, the Deacon Blue singer. “There’s an excitement about [music] gigs, but this is different because everyone’s involved.”
“It’s electric,” was how Nicholas Stewart, a 37-year-old train driver from Coatbridge, described the atmosphere in Glasgow in recent days.
Around the corner, the No campaign had set up a modest stall on a less fashionable stretch of Sauchiehall Street.
The volunteers tended to be older – and meeker – than their Yes counterparts. Passers-by tended to shun the fliers, although many gave brief words of support or at least a nod and a smile.
Alex Salmond, head of the Yes campaign, was confident of success. “The central mistake that the No campaign has made is to tell the people of Scotland that the land of Adam Smith is not capable of running its own matter financially,” he told the BBC.
He dismissed the new powers offered by Westminster political leaders as “the same package that was offered last spring and was repackaged in desperation”.
Asked what currency an independent Scotland would use, Mr Salmond said it would be the pound. If the Yes side won, “you would find Westminster politicians singing a very different tune” about the terms of a currency agreement to their current opposition, he said.
Earlier, Prime Minister David Cameron told the Times that while the tightness of the race was keeping him awake at night, he had no regrets over how he had handled the referendum and had been right not to offer a third choice on the ballot paper of further devolution.
In depth

WANdisco more than double first-half loss© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a484414-3f0a-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scots vote to decide their countrys futureScots vote to decide future of their union with UK
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and Mark Odell and Andy Sharman in London
A victory for Scotland’s pro-independence campaign could create Europe's newest country since the collapse of Yugoslavia
German Short Haired Pointer dogs Dude (left) and Hector wait to meet First Minister Alex Salmond
©Getty Images
Piper Ryan Randall leads a march to the polling station in Craigmillar, Edinburgh
©Charlie Bibby/FT
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Scots are voting to decide whether their country should remain part of the UK or end the 307-year-old union and begin life as an independent nation.
A total of 4.29m, or 97 per cent of the electorate, have registered to vote, the largest electorate Scotland has ever seen. The result of Thursday’s historic referendum is expected early on Friday, with the opinion polls in the past two days suggesting it is going to be extremely close.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Sterling rallied, rising 0.7 per cent to reach a two-week high of $1.6391 against the dollar, in response to the final polls suggesting that the pro-union campaign would hold on to its narrow lead. Last week, it hit a low of $1.6051 against the greenback, but it has trimmed those losses in the last week and one-month volatility in options markets has also eased.
“While the polls remain a statistical dead heat, the wisdom of crowds implies giving more weight to the bookmakers and the markets, which clearly favour a ‘no’ victory,” said Marc Chandler, head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman.
However, investors were still scrambling to protect themselves against sharp swings in sterling over the next 24 hours. Overnight sterling dollar volatility spiked to almost 35 per cent, 10 times its level a month ago and up from 12.75 per cent on Wednesday.
Earlier, campaigners in the leafy west end of Glasgow reported that queues formed outside polling stations before they opened at 7am. Greeting voters outside Hyndland Secondary School, Peter Taylor, a 64-year-old Glasgow Labour party member, said: “I’ve stood outside this school several times for elections before. I would say this is getting on for 50 per cent greater [number of people].”
Several voters were still undecided when they showed up to the polling station and asked campaigners to persuade them either way.
Independence activist Johnny Hunter, a retired environmental health officer, said: “I’m the last face people see of the Yes campaign – I need to make sure it’s a happy face to match the positive message of the campaign.”
Hilda Marshall, a retired pro-independence voter, said: “I felt as though the Hallelujah chorus should have erupted when I put the cross down.”
Continue reading
Speaking on his way to vote “No” in Ruchill, north Glasgow, Kenneth Gould, 63, said: “I’m going to march right in there and will tick the box with confidence, without hesitation.” He joked he would wave his ballot in the air and cry “look how I’m voting folks”.
But he added of the possible result: “I’m nervous. Once you make that decision, that’s it.”
Ipsos MORI’s final poll of the campaign, published on Thursday, shows the No campaign with a very narrow lead, in line with other polls in recent days.
Based on responses from 991 people questioned on Tuesday and Wednesday, 50 per cent of those certain to vote said they would vote No, with 45 per cent saying they would vote Yes and 4 per cent still undecided. Excluding those undecided, 53 per cent said they planned to vote No, with 47 per cent to vote Yes. The day is forecast to remain dry across most of Scotland, although light drizzle was expected in some areas.
Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, said: “I’m feeling very confident. It’s been a long, hard two-and-a-half year campaign, passions have been aroused on both sides, and understandably so because we are talking about the biggest single decision that any of us will ever take in our lifetime.
“But I’m increasingly confident that we will win tonight.”
In his final speech on Wednesday night, Alex Salmond , Scotland’s first minister, urged the public to defy the might of the “London establishment” and vote to leave the UK.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime and we must seize it with both hands,” he said.
His speech followed an impassioned plea by Gordon Brown , the former prime minister, earlier on Wednesday to reject independence.
In an apparent boost to the Yes campaign, Andy Murray, the Scottish-born tennis player, seemed to endorse the independence campaign when he took to Twitter in the early hours of Thursday morning.
“Huge day for Scotland today! no campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. excited to see the outcome. lets do this!”, he wrote . Murray is not resident in Scotland so does not have a vote.
Some voters were underwhelmed by the atmosphere at the polling stations. First-time voter Jonathan Gibson, who is about to head to Oxford university to read history, said after voting in Jordanhill that the experience had been “a bit of an anticlimax”.
The student, who is also celebrating his 18th birthday today, said: “I expected more people outside. It should have felt like a bigger thing.”
His friend Adam Macnaughton, preparing to study natural sciences at Cambridge, said a lot of his Yes-voting peer group had failed to take the vote seriously. “Some people are thinking ‘screw it, it’s a bit of a laugh’.”
He was planning to vote No in Bearsden later in the afternoon. He was looking forward to no longer being inundated with referendum messages on social media. “It can get quite confrontational,” he said.
More video
In anticipation of a close result, the head of the Church of Scotland called on both sides to join forces and restore harmony, amid fears the country will be left a divided nation.
“Get ready to accept the will of the Scottish people and that will be best done by setting passions aside,” said the Rt Rev John Chalmers. “If we do that we’ll be ready for the next step in the process, which will be to harness the energy of both sides. Whatever the outcome we will need to be ready to work together.”
Scotland has set up 5,579 polling stations, which means typically there should be no more than 800 voters allocated to each, in an effort to avoid large queues. The polls opened at 7am and will close at 10pm, with anybody queueing at that time still eligible to cast their vote.
Meanwhile, a group of economists from across Britain’s universities has written to the Financial Times warning Scotland that independence would be a “gamble with very poor odds”.
Below is a collection of tweets, photos and video showing the reactions of voters, politicians, celebrities, and Scottish independence supporters from overseas. (Drag your cursor across each picture to read the tweet.)
Related Topics

Amazon launches a new Kindle deviceAmazon launches a new version of its Kindle device
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15f0b2f2-3f1b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why do human faces look so different Evolution made us that way.By Elahe Izadi September 18 Follow @ElaheIzadi
(Courtesy of the University of California at Berkeley)
You probably don't spend much time thinking about how curious it is that your mother looks dramatically different from your boss, whose face doesn't at all resemble your mail carrier's, let alone your fourth grade teacher's or your prom date's or that barista's at the coffee shop.
But in the grand scheme of things, the massive variation among human faces is quite extraordinary when compared to animals that pretty much all look the same.
As it turns out, evolutionary pressures for individuals to be easily recognizable pushed us toward having widely different faces, according to a new study published in Nature Communications and funded by the National Institutes of Health.
"Individual recognition is really important, in some ways so important that sometimes we don't realize how we recognize individuals," said study co-author Michael Sheehan, a postdoctoral fellow at University of California, Berkeley's Museum of Vertebrate Zoology. "It's so ingrained within us."
The study found that there's more variation in human facial traits -- such as the distance between eyes or the length of a nose -- than there is for other body traits. And facial traits aren't connected to each other the way other body traits are; someone with long legs tends to have long arms. But you can have close-set eyes and either a wide nose or a small nose. Faces are unpredictable like that.
Researchers turned to two data sets to discover the variance: The Army Anthropometric Survey, which includes measurements of men and women and is often used to design things like clothes, and the 1000 Genomes Project, which has mapped out the genomes of nearly 1,000 people.
While the relationship between our genes and certain traits (like height) are quite reliable, the researchers found the genes that influence facial features to be less straightforward. The study's authors also tested genetic sequences from Neanderthals and found that some of the variants are millions of years old, "and predate the origins of humanity itself," Sheehan said.
The ability to distinguish between individuals is not unique to humans, Sheehan said. Penguins, for example, have widely different vocal calls, even if their faces pretty much all look the same. Humans, on the other hand, have the cognitive ability to recognize specific faces and connect them to information about the individual.
Without this ability, we never would have selected for more diverse faces over time. But that selection also occurred because distinguishing between individuals is an important thing for human interactions, Sheehan said. Imagine all the cases of mistaken identity: Awkwardly waving at a stranger you thought was a friend! Being wrongly accused of committing a murder!
For some animals, being identifiable as an individual isn't even all that important. That's not the case for humans.
"You can imagine, if everyone looked more similar, we would have more problems," Sheehan said.
We're people, after all, not penguins.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

BSA  Apollo to set up facilities in PunjabBSA  Apollo to set up facilities in Punjab
Sensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-levelSensex spurts 481 points; regains 27K-level
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 18:  
Sensex gained 481 points to cross the psychological level of 27,000 on expectations of better business prospects with growing bonhomie between India and China and the US Federal Reserve deciding against rising interest rate.
The benchmark Sensex opened on a weak note at 26,574 against the previous close of 26,631. However, it reversed the trend and made a high of 27,132 and low of 26,503 before closing with a gain of 1.81 per cent at 27,112. The turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,532 crore against Rs 3,900 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up 139 points at 8,115.
The BSE Small-Cap and Mid Cap indices outperformed the Sensex with a gain of 1.83 per cent and 2.69 per cent, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday maintained its commitment to keep the US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" against the market expectations of marginal increase in rates.
Low interest rates in the US have triggered large inflow of dollars into emerging markets, including India. The Fed has kept its short-term interest rate near-zero since December 2008.
The Indian and Chinese governments signed a five-year trade and economic co-operation pact and a railway co-operation pact on the back of three-day visit by the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Many second lines IT stocks joined the rally along with big caps. Some of mid-cap that rallied include RS Software (up 20%), Polaris Financial Technology (up 14%), Rolta India (up 9%), Accelya Kale Solutions (up 7%), Zensar Technologies (up 8%), and Blue Star Infotech (up 5%).
The major gainers were Unitech (13%), HDIL (9%), Adani Power (8%), Indian Hotel (8%), Ashok Leyland (6%), Hero Motor (6%) and Zee Ltd (6%).
Prominent losers were Britannia (-2%), GMDC (-2%) and Bhushan Steel (-2%).
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Delhi Metro stopped for China President Xi Jinping  thousands of travellers sufferDelhi Metro stopped for China President Xi Jinping, thousands of travellers suffer delays in Delhi
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 18 2014, 18:46  IST
Sep 18 2014, 18:46  IST
 

After Narendra Modi-Xi Jinping meet  India  China ink 12 pacts; $20 bn investment vowed over 5 yrsEconomy
After Narendra Modi-Xi Jinping meet, India, China ink 12 pacts; $20 bn investment vowed over 5 yrs
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 22:29  IST
Sep 18 2014, 22:29  IST
 

Now  buy Aagadu movie tickets in black on QuikrNow, buy Aagadu movie tickets in black on Quikr
Katya B Naidu | Visakhapatnam Sep 18, 2014 06:05 PM IST
Want to buy movie tickets in black for the latest Mahesh Babu starring Telugu movie Aagadu releasing tomorrow? Well, you do not need not lurk around sleazy corners of movie halls any more. Ingenious sellers have put up such tickets for sale on Quikr.
 
At least five such posts were found on Quikr, selling tickets in Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam. On Saturday, one of them asked for Rs 450 for tickets that cost Rs 50 . 
 
Yet another person asked for Rs 1,000 for three tickets which cost Rs 75 each. (See screenshots) A few others just gave their phone numbers, asking interested parties to contact them if they want tickets for the movie. Benefit show tickets for a few other movies were seen on Olx.in as well.
 
The action movie, Aagadu, stars Southern heartthrob Mahesh Babu and is produced by 14 Reels Entertainment. Eros International, amongst others, is one of the distributors of the movie. The movie trailers have already received around a million views on YouTube. 
 
Bharadwaj Vadapalli, a graduate student and a web-addict, said: “I am looking forward to watch the movie. But I was very surprised to find tickets for the movie online. I would rather not trust the chaps who posted it and I have not seen any such sales on portals earlier."
 
Both Olx and Quikr are online classifieds portals where people sell and buy goods and services across mobiles, furniture, electronic items and cars, amongst others. Some even post jobs on these portals. 
 
Olx is backed by a South African parent platform operator, Naspers. Quikr is a Mumbai-based company, with investments from three private equity firms, as well as American giant eBay.  Both these companies could not be contacted for comments, immediately.

Moody s upgrades ratings of Tata companiesMoody's upgrades ratings of Tata companies
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 05:40 PM IST
Global Rating agency Moody's has upgraded the ratings for many Tata Group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steels and TCS reflecting systemic and financial support from group holding company Tata Sons and close association with the Tata brand.
Tata Motors Limited (TML) -- Corporate family rating upgraded to Ba2/Stable from Ba3/Stable. For Tata Steel, rating upgraded to Ba2 from Ba3 and remains on review for upgrade, rating agency said in a statement.
Tata Chemicals Ltd's -- Corporate family rating upgraded to Ba1/Stable from Ba2/Stable.
For Tata Power rating has been raised to Ba3/Stable from B1/negative. The senior unsecured rating upgraded to Ba3/stable from B2/negative, thus no longer notching for subordination.
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) -- Local currency issuer rating affirmed at A3/Stable.
Alan Greene, a Moody's Vice President, Senior Credit Officer said the multiple rating actions are based on the track record of Tata Sons in providing timely support to its investee companies.
Rating assessment also captures ability to provide future support, and on the need to protect the brand reputation of Tata from the consequences of an entity's distress.
"In recent years, we have seen Tata Sons inject money, typically through equity rights issues, into its companies, to fund their growth plans or to bolster any weak balance sheets", he said.
As Tata's involvement in consumer facing businesses in India increases, coupled with its growing international presence, the Tata name, with more than 100 years of history, has become a globally significant brand. It is therefore critical to maintain the Group's standing with customers, employees and investors alike, Greene said.
Dividends paid by TCS, a 73.7%-owned subsidiary, are the predominant source of funds for Tata Sons. In the last ten years since its IPO, TCS has become India's largest business process services/IT services outsourcing company and a leading, globally competitive business.

Konecranes invests Rs 120 cr for Pune plantKonecranes invests Rs 120 cr in Pune plant
BS Reporter | Pune Sep 18, 2014 08:57 PM IST
Swedish crane maker Kronecranes has invested Rs 120 crore in its Jejury plant near Pune. The plant has a capacity to manufacture 1000 cranes. The company today launched a new overhead crane CXT UNO in Pune. It is primarily intended for companies operating in manufacturing, construction and logistics.
Speaking about India operations, Pekka Lundmark, CEO and President, Konecranes said, “We are very much optimistic about India market. We are focusing on sectors like manufacturing, steel, material handeling and paper. Currently, India market is weak as compared to US but we looking for the the next three years. it is a 100 per cent cost competitive market. We will  be exporting cranes from India in due course of time. “   
According to Lundmark, currently India is a weak market for the sector, but it will grow in the next three years while China is stable. The sector is witnessing better growth in African and American markets.
For Konecranes, the bigger markets are situated in US, Canada, Brazil and Mexico. It has eight manufacturing plants worldwide. Globally, it has a 30 per cent market share in industrial crane sector.The company plans to export products from its India plant. 
The company is growing annually at 14 per cent. In Konecranes portfolio, 75 per cent contributes for induatrial sector while rest is being manufactured for port cranes.
The industrial cranes market in India is said to be in the region of Rs 2,200 - 2,500 crore per annum. Approximately 30 per cent of the demand comes from the government sector and PSUs while the remaining 70 per cent comes from the private sector. The total volume for industrial cranes is estimated to be approximately 10,000 cranes per year.
To put in perspective where the Indian crane market stands on the global scale, the demand for industrial cranes in Japan is 20,000 per annum, in Germany 40,000 and the demand in China stands at 200,000 cranes per year.

Canara HSBC OBC Life to focus on  bank partnersCanara HSBC OBC Life to focus on bank partners
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 11:54 PM IST
Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance, the only insurance company in the country that does not have agents, will continue to focus on the bancassurance channel.
Bancassurance means selling insurance products through bank branches.
The company’s CEO John Holden said the firm sells only through the three banks —Canara Bank, HSBC and Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) — and that it has no plans to set up an insurance agency channel. “Insurance agency channel, as a mode of distribution, is expensive. Since we have strong bank partners whose entire branch network we are yet to penetrate, we would concentrate on that channel,” he said.
Notably, many other bank-led insurance companies use the agency channel to sell insurance policies to customers.   The life insurer has about 7,000 branches of OBC, Canara Bank and HSBC with a 60 million customer base that can be tapped. Notably, on Wednesday, the insurer launched e-integration in bancassurance with CHOICeNET, a portal embedded with the partner banks’ intranet, which allows bank employees to provide end-to-end information for their customers’ life insurance policies.
The company has already implemented several online facilities within its customer portal for net-savvy customers of all the three banks.
CHOICeNET allows bank staff to see insurance policy details of customers and track the progress of applications real-time during the application process as well as after the policy has gone in-force.
According to Holden, the bancassurance model has lower operating costs and the savings on costs are passed on to the customers in the form of value-for-money products. He said integrating systems with the partnering banks through CHOICeNET would ensure excellent service standards to customers and relevant information to banks’ branch- and circle-level staff.
In six years, the company has ensured that every branch of partnering banks is activated and policies are sold in all branches. The company achieved statutory break-even in the fifth year of operations owing to its bancassurance business model. Holden said this led to a lean cost structure, strong persistency levels and superior underwriting process. The insurer’s business in terms of gross written premium stands at Rs 8,882.7 crore for 462,040 policies. Between April and August 2014, the insurance company covered 25,000 lives among the EWS (economically weaker section) segment. In FY14, it covered 56,000 lives against the mandated target of 25,000.

Some govt banks may waive ATM charges for customersCustomers of some PSBs may not have to pay to use ATMs
Manojit Saha & Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given banks the option of charging their customers for more than for five automated teller machine (ATM) transactions a month, from November this year. However, as a customer-friendly measure, several public-sector banks (PSBs) might not avail of this leeway.
Canara Bank Chairman & Managing Director R K Dubey said his bank was not planning to charge its customers. “I am of the view that the bank’s own customers should not be charged for ATM transactions. I will propose to the bank’s board that these be kept for our customers.”
Banks also believe charging for ATM transactions might deter card usage. “We have been trying to encourage the use of cards instead of cash. For this, people need to visit ATMs rather than coming to our branches. So, we are not in favour of capping free transactions for our own customers, at least initially,” said a senior Punjab National Bank executive.
FREE LUNCHES HERE
Canara Bank, PNB and IDBI Bank not likely to cap the number of free ATM transactions for their own customers
 
RBI had earlier given banks the option of charging their customers for more than five transactions a month
 
The number of free transactions at ATMs of non-home banks (both financial and non-financial ones) was also lowered to three from five
 
The new rules are applicable from November 1
To encourage customers to visit ATMs, banks have introduced several features, such as bill payments, cash deposits and cheque book request, on these machines.
The Chairman of another mid-sized public-sector bank also said he was not inclined to charge own customers for ATM transactions.
Bankers explained they were unwilling to increase ATM usage charges also because they saw a good customer-acquisition opportunity. “In many cases, customers use cards issued by government banks at the machines of private banks. And, therefore, government banks have to pay a lot as interchange fee (the amount a bank has to pay another if its customer makes a transaction at the latter’s ATM). If a government bank makes ATM usage free for its customers, it will encourage its customers to use the home-bank ATM network. This will help the bank lower its outgo on interchange fees. This is why government banks are not inclined to cap the number of ATM transactions for their own customers,” said a banking expert.
According to RBI data, state-run banks had a network of 116,664 ATMs across the country as of June.

US Fed s hawkish language not to have major impact on rupeeUS Fed's hawkish stance won't affect rupee much
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Despite the US Federal Reserve’s hawkish language, it is felt the rupee will trade at 60-62/dollar through the next few months. Narrowing of India’s current account deficit (CAD), lower inflation, comfortable foreign exchange reserves and hopes of a sovereign rating upgrade are seen as aiding the currency.
In quarterly economic and interest rate projections by the US Fed, it suggested a quicker pace of rate increases than envisioned in previous projections. In a statement after a two-day meeting, the Fed announced a $10-billion cut in its monthly bond purchases to $15 billion.
“The US Fed has actually outlined key measures it plans to take in moving from a loose to a more normal monetary policy. This comes as big relief for markets. With rating agencies to soon conclude their review, there are hopes the outlook on India will be upgraded. That will help attract flows to India,” said Anindya Banerjee, currency analyst at Kotak Securities.
Experts believe for India, the worst is past (the rupee had touched an all-time low of 68.85 a dollar during intra-day trade on August 28, 2013). “In the near term, the rupee will move between 60 and 62 a dollar and in the medium term, there will be gradual depreciation. A gradual depreciation in the rupee is warranted; else, exports will become uncompetitive. A depreciation of four-five per cent a year is desirable, with the current inflation and interest rate differentials,” said Ashutosh Khajuria, president (treasury), Federal Bank.
On Thursday, the rupee ended at 60.85 a dollar, compared with the previous close of 60.92. It opened at 61.11 and, during intra-day trade, touched a near one-month low of 61.2.
“The Street had expected a reduction in the bond-purchases programme, not interest rate projections. Due to this, the rupee depreciated in early trade. But later in the day, custodian banks were selling dollars. Also, there was intervention by the central bank and exporters were selling dollars,” said Sandeep Gonsalves, forex consultant and dealer, Mecklai & Mecklai.
For the quarter ended June, India’s CAD narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of gross domestic product ($7.8 billion) from 4.8 per cent ($21.8 billion) in the corresponding period last year.  Besides, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is committed to building foreign exchange reserves to prepare the country for times of uncertainty. RBI data showed during the week ended September 5, reserves stood at $317.31 billion.

Rupee gains for 3rd day  rises 8 paise vs dollar to end at 60.84Rupee gains for 3rd day, rises 8 paise vs dollar to end at 60.84
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 06:06 PM IST
Rebounding from one-month lows, the Indian rupee today ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
A fall in dollar value abroad against major rivals also helped rupee recover from early losses as US Federal Reserve pledged to maintain its easy monetary policy. Dollar index, a gauge of six major global units, was down 0.25%.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency resumed weak at 61.09 a dollar from previous close of 60.92. It then dropped further to a one-month intra-trade low of 61.2050, a level not seen since August 13, 2014 when it had touched a low of 61.30.
The rupee later bounced back to a high of 60.8350 on strong rally in local stocks before concluding at 60.84, displaying a rise of eight paise or 0.13%.
In previous two sessions, the rupee gained 21 paise.
The rupee's rise against dollar came as capital outflow fears receded. The Fed's pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time, gives relief to emerging markets, including India.
Renewed buying by foreign funds in local equities too aided the rupee rise. FPIs/FIIs, after selling shares worth $120.70 million on Tuesday, picked up shares worth $29.29 mln Wednesday, as per Sebi data.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today zoomed by 480.92 points, or 1.81%, to end one-week high.

Scots trauma creates EU poll headacheTrauma of Scotland referendum creates EU poll headache
By Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f22e39a-3f1d-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Northeast hopes to woo Scottish businessNortheast hopes to woo Scottish business
By Chris Tighe
Businesses in cities such as Newcastle fear they will miss out as Scotland is promised financial incentives to stay in union
Warnings from some Scottish businesses that they would consider relocating to England if there is a Yes vote for independence have raised hopes of a knock-on benefit in the English region closest to the border.
Northeast England has previously lost out to its northern neighbour in attracting inward investment because of Scotland’s greater financial firepower. However, proximity to Scotland could now offer the chance to woo Scottish businesses wanting an English base.
More
Former JJB Sports boss convicted of fraud
“A Yes vote in Scotland would give us the direct opportunity to take a new potential market,” said Nick Forbes, leader of the city council of Newcastle, the nearest English conurbation. “In the event of a Yes vote we would be making an active pitch for them.” He said excellent universities, available business space and a much lower cost of living than London are among the attractions of his region.
Newcastle is already the operational HQ for Virgin Money, which also has senior management based in Edinburgh and London. “We don’t have a need for a contingency plan because we are registered in England,” it said.
James Ramsbotham, chief executive of the northeast Chamber of Commerce, said the possibility of relocations had aroused interest. “Most local authorities have the welcome mat out.” But he expected London to be the magnet for big Scottish financial sector firms.
Among northeast property professionals, the potential for Yes vote-induced relocations is a hot subject. “We wouldn’t be doing our job if we hadn’t been thinking about that,” said Fergus Trim, director of the Quorum business park on the edge of Newcastle and North Tyneside.
Three years ago Quorum suffered the region’s highest-profile loss of an inward investment project to Scotland when Amazon , the online retailer, set up a 900-person customer service centre in Edinburgh following a £1.8m grant from Scottish Enterprise. This exceeded what northeast England could muster.

Scots vote to decide their countrys futureScots vote to decide future of their union with UK
By Alistair Gray in Glasgow and Mark Odell and Andy Sharman in London
A victory for Scotland’s pro-independence campaign could create Europe's newest country since the collapse of Yugoslavia
German Short Haired Pointer dogs Dude (left) and Hector wait to meet First Minister Alex Salmond
©Getty Images
Piper Ryan Randall leads a march to the polling station in Craigmillar, Edinburgh
©Charlie Bibby/FT
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Scots are voting to decide whether their country should remain part of the UK or end the 307-year-old union and begin life as an independent nation.
A total of 4.29m, or 97 per cent of the electorate, have registered to vote, the largest electorate Scotland has ever seen. The result of Thursday’s historic referendum is expected early on Friday, with the opinion polls in the past two days suggesting it is going to be extremely close.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Sterling rallied, rising 0.7 per cent to reach a two-week high of $1.6391 against the dollar, in response to the final polls suggesting that the pro-union campaign would hold on to its narrow lead. Last week, it hit a low of $1.6051 against the greenback, but it has trimmed those losses in the last week and one-month volatility in options markets has also eased.
“While the polls remain a statistical dead heat, the wisdom of crowds implies giving more weight to the bookmakers and the markets, which clearly favour a ‘no’ victory,” said Marc Chandler, head of currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman.
However, investors were still scrambling to protect themselves against sharp swings in sterling over the next 24 hours. Overnight sterling dollar volatility spiked to almost 35 per cent, 10 times its level a month ago and up from 12.75 per cent on Wednesday.
Earlier, campaigners in the leafy west end of Glasgow reported that queues formed outside polling stations before they opened at 7am. Greeting voters outside Hyndland Secondary School, Peter Taylor, a 64-year-old Glasgow Labour party member, said: “I’ve stood outside this school several times for elections before. I would say this is getting on for 50 per cent greater [number of people].”
Several voters were still undecided when they showed up to the polling station and asked campaigners to persuade them either way.
Independence activist Johnny Hunter, a retired environmental health officer, said: “I’m the last face people see of the Yes campaign – I need to make sure it’s a happy face to match the positive message of the campaign.”
Hilda Marshall, a retired pro-independence voter, said: “I felt as though the Hallelujah chorus should have erupted when I put the cross down.”
Continue reading
Speaking on his way to vote “No” in Ruchill, north Glasgow, Kenneth Gould, 63, said: “I’m going to march right in there and will tick the box with confidence, without hesitation.” He joked he would wave his ballot in the air and cry “look how I’m voting folks”.
But he added of the possible result: “I’m nervous. Once you make that decision, that’s it.”
Ipsos MORI’s final poll of the campaign, published on Thursday, shows the No campaign with a very narrow lead, in line with other polls in recent days.
Based on responses from 991 people questioned on Tuesday and Wednesday, 50 per cent of those certain to vote said they would vote No, with 45 per cent saying they would vote Yes and 4 per cent still undecided. Excluding those undecided, 53 per cent said they planned to vote No, with 47 per cent to vote Yes. The day is forecast to remain dry across most of Scotland, although light drizzle was expected in some areas.
Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, said: “I’m feeling very confident. It’s been a long, hard two-and-a-half year campaign, passions have been aroused on both sides, and understandably so because we are talking about the biggest single decision that any of us will ever take in our lifetime.
“But I’m increasingly confident that we will win tonight.”
In his final speech on Wednesday night, Alex Salmond , Scotland’s first minister, urged the public to defy the might of the “London establishment” and vote to leave the UK.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime and we must seize it with both hands,” he said.
His speech followed an impassioned plea by Gordon Brown , the former prime minister, earlier on Wednesday to reject independence.
In an apparent boost to the Yes campaign, Andy Murray, the Scottish-born tennis player, seemed to endorse the independence campaign when he took to Twitter in the early hours of Thursday morning.
“Huge day for Scotland today! no campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. excited to see the outcome. lets do this!”, he wrote . Murray is not resident in Scotland so does not have a vote.
Some voters were underwhelmed by the atmosphere at the polling stations. First-time voter Jonathan Gibson, who is about to head to Oxford university to read history, said after voting in Jordanhill that the experience had been “a bit of an anticlimax”.
The student, who is also celebrating his 18th birthday today, said: “I expected more people outside. It should have felt like a bigger thing.”
His friend Adam Macnaughton, preparing to study natural sciences at Cambridge, said a lot of his Yes-voting peer group had failed to take the vote seriously. “Some people are thinking ‘screw it, it’s a bit of a laugh’.”
He was planning to vote No in Bearsden later in the afternoon. He was looking forward to no longer being inundated with referendum messages on social media. “It can get quite confrontational,” he said.
More video
In anticipation of a close result, the head of the Church of Scotland called on both sides to join forces and restore harmony, amid fears the country will be left a divided nation.
“Get ready to accept the will of the Scottish people and that will be best done by setting passions aside,” said the Rt Rev John Chalmers. “If we do that we’ll be ready for the next step in the process, which will be to harness the energy of both sides. Whatever the outcome we will need to be ready to work together.”
Scotland has set up 5,579 polling stations, which means typically there should be no more than 800 voters allocated to each, in an effort to avoid large queues. The polls opened at 7am and will close at 10pm, with anybody queueing at that time still eligible to cast their vote.
Meanwhile, a group of economists from across Britain’s universities has written to the Financial Times warning Scotland that independence would be a “gamble with very poor odds”.
Below is a collection of tweets, photos and video showing the reactions of voters, politicians, celebrities, and Scottish independence supporters from overseas. (Drag your cursor across each picture to read the tweet.)
Related Topics

KKR seeks to make First Data numbers workKKR seeks to make the numbers work at First Data
By Henny Sender
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3adee562-3d30-11e4-a2ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oxfam to sue SEC over rule delaysOxfam sues SEC over delay in oil and gas payment disclosure rules
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e40dca0-3eb6-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DuPont / Peltz: Chemical reaction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/4050c02c-3e86-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moody s Investors Service upgrades ratings of Tata Group cosMoody's Investors Service upgrades ratings of Tata Group firms
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 07.53PM IST
Tags:
indian economy
("The ratings of Jaguar Land…)
NEW DELHI: Moody's Investors Service today upgraded ratings of half a dozen Tata Group firms, including TCS and Tata Motors, on account of Tata Sons' track record in providing timely support to these firms.
The agency upgraded corporate family ratings of Tata Motors to Ba2/Stable from Ba3/Stable, Tata Chemicals' to Ba1/Stable from Ba2/Stable, Tata Steel's to Ba2 from Ba3, Tata Steel UK Holdings' to B2 from B3, Tata Power's to Ba3/Stable from B1/Negative and affirmed Tata Consultancy Services' local currency issuer rating at A3/Stable.
"The ratings of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc and Tata Chemicals North America Inc. have not been affected by today's rating actions," Moody's Investors Service said in a statement.
Upward ratings' revision reflects agency's expectation of parental and systemic support in case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons, the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand, Moddy's Investors Service said.
"Multiple rating actions are based on the track record of Tata Sons in providing timely support to investee companies and Moody's assessment of its ability to provide future support and on the need to protect the brand reputation of Tata from the consequences of an entity's distress," it said.
Tata Sons' has been injecting money, typically through equity rights issues, into its companies, to fund their growth plans or to bolster any weak balance sheets.
"As Tata's involvement in consumer facing businesses in India increases, coupled with its growing international presence, the Tata name, with more than 100 years of history, has become a globally significant brand and is, therefore, critical to maintain the Group's standing with customers, employees and investors alike," said Alan Greene, a Moody's Vice President, Senior Credit Officer.
Greene, who is the Lead Analyst for all Tata companies, with the exception of Tata Power , said dividends paid by TCS, a 73.7 per cent owned subsidiary, are the predominant source of funds for Tata Sons.
"While we believe that support from Tata Sons is ultimately available to the operating companies, it is beholden on the companies themselves to run sustainable balance sheets and contain any losses," Greene added.
Over the last three years while the four core rated Tata companies together have performed modestly against a backdrop of slower economic growth in India and losses in certain large overseas subsidiaries and domestic project vehicles, Tata Sons has provided timely support and thus confidence to fellow shareholders and lenders, Moody's Investor Services said.
"With glimpses of recovery in some of the worst affected sectors of the Indian economy , bulk of Tata Sons' disbursals can now be directed into the group's growth areas and not into resolving old troubles," Greene said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Jio Signs Tower Sharing Deal With GTL InfraYou are here: Home Corporates
Reliance Jio Signs Tower Sharing Deal With GTL Infra
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 20:04 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Reliance Jio Infocomm (RJIL), the telecom arm of Reliance Industries, today signed a master services agreement for tower sharing with GTL Infrastructure which has a base of 27,800 towers across the country.
RJIL holds pan-India broadband wireless access (BWA) spectrum and is planning to launch commercial 4G telecom services in 2015.
"GTL Infra, together with Chennai Network Infrastructure Limited (CNIL), has a combined tower portfolio of more than 27,800 towers spread across 22 telecom circles in India", the company said in a statement.
RJIL had also signed agreement with Viom Networks for its 42,000 towers, Reliance Communications for its 45,000 towers, ATC India for its 11,000 towers, Tower Vision for its 8,400 towers, Ascend Telecom for its over 4,500 towers.
The company had also signed an infrastructure sharing deal with Bharti Airtel to share infrastructure created by both parties to avoid duplication of infrastructure wherever possible.
"Our mission is to launch a pan India next-generation voice and data services. We will build the same through a judicious combination of own build and rented infrastructure," RJIL managing director Sanjay Mashruwala said.
Reliance Industries had earlier said that RJio will initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities as well as over 215,000 villages in India and the target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
"The launch of 4G networks and the rise in the consumption of data services is a growth driver for tower companies, and we at GTL Infra are geared up to capture the opportunity," Global Group CEO Charudatta Naik said.
Global Group is an infrastructure services group focused on telecom, shared network infrastructure and power. The group has two companies -- GTL Limited and GTL Infrastructure Limited.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 20:01 (IST)

Japan s Mizuho Bank to open branch in Ahmedabad by mid-2015Japan's Mizuho Bank to open branch in Ahmedabad by mid-2015
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014 08:58 PM IST
In yet another first for Gujarat, Japan’s Mizuho Bank will set up its branch in Ahmedabad by June 2015. Even as Japanese investment continues to pour in to the state, this will be first Japanese bank to come up in Gujarat as of now.
In this regard, Kashiwagi, India-based Chief Executive Officer of Mizuho Bank of Japan also met Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel at Gandhinagar on Thursday.
While briefing the chief minister, Kashiwagi stated that Mizuho Bank, which already have had the license from Reserve Bank of India, will launch its branch at Ahmedabad from June-2015.
During the meeting, Chief Minister also discussed about the services-partnership of Mizuho Bank in forthcoming Vibrant Gujarat-2015.
According to a statement from the state government, Patel appealed to Kashiwagi to think about signing an MoU of the bank partnership in Canal Top Solar Power Project in Gujarat. 
Meanwhile, according to Kashiwagi, it was Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi who proposed of initiating Mizuho Bank’s operations in Gujarat during his recent trip to Japan, and that as an acceptance of this proposal the bank will commence its branch to widen its platform of business-industries in Gujarat.

Wal-Mart to Tap Smaller Cities in India With 50 Stores in 5 YearsMumbai: Wal-Mart, which has 20 stores in the country, is planning to open 50 more stores over the next five years, a senior company official said here today.
These stores will come up in tier-I and II cities and not the metros.
"We are planning to open 50 new stores within next five years and all the new stores will come up in tier-I and -II cities," Wal-Mart India president and chief executive Krish Iyer said here on the sidelines of India Retail Forum.
The company has launched a B2B e-commerce model on a pilot basis at its stores in Lucknow and Hyderabad and it has plans to roll it out at the remaining 18 stores too.
"We have launched the portal for our B2B customers at Lucknow and Hyderabad and the response has been very good. We are learning more about the members, what they need, the challenges etc. and are fine-tuning the operations accordingly.
"Overall, we are very enthused about the response and we propose to start rolling it out in other 18 stores very soon," Mr Iyer said, adding the company is currently working on developing an app too.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 20:53 (IST)

Whaling Meeting Votes Against Japan s HuntAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

The sun is setting on quantitative easing in the US: Did it workDebt
September 18, 2014
It’s nearly official. The Federal Reserve confirmed yesterday that if all goes according to plan, it will finally stop its policy of creating new money from thin air and using it to buy financial assets.
This practice, better known as “quantitative easing,” is what central banks do when interest rates are stuck near zero and can’t be lowered any more. (Like lowering interest rates, QE represents an “easing” of financial assets, by boosting the quantity of money, or at least of the money-like substance that the Fed actually creates: bank reserves.)
During the crisis, the interest rate the Fed traditionally uses to make financial conditions tighter or looser hit zero pretty quick.
Share
Tap image to zoom
So the Fed then switched to quantitative easing to try to support the economy. It was QE— it came in a number of stages —that ballooned the Fed’s balance sheet in recent years. At last glance, the Fed’s assets totaled about $4.42 trillion.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The chart above looks like a pretty radical policy. Isn’t that a potentially dangerous amount of money creation? Some have argued that by creating a ton bank reserves,  the Fed has essentially set stage for an inflationary conflagration . The Fed says no, that things might have worked that way in the past, but now that the central bank has the ability to pay interest on excess reserves, there’s no reason to worry  (pdf).
Share
Tap image to zoom
Now, if all that money was just sitting parked at the Fed, it raises a question: Did QE actually do anything?
Well, to be honest, nobody really knows for sure. Economics is a social science, not a hard science. It’s not like we’re running these experiments under ideal conditions and clinical isolation.
Critics might point to statistics such as the “velocity of money,” which show that the rate at which money passes through the economy has continually declined in recent years. They argue that this shows the Fed’s money-creation policies have been ineffectual.
Share
Tap image to zoom
But there clearly have been impacts. QE is widely credited—or blamed—for boosting the prices of assets such as stocks. While the US economy has had a tough run, the US stock market has had a fabulous one over the last few years, helping repair the balance sheets of American households. (It’s true that the stock market surge has disproportionately helped the richest Americans. But it has also likely helped overall consumer sentiment, at least a bit.)
Share
Tap image to zoom
And the QE program has helped keep interest rates low, which also helps to support the economy by allowing some refinancing to take place and by lowering borrowing costs for things like home and auto loans.
Share
Tap image to zoom
And while it’s impossible to prove causation, a sharp curtailment of business lending activity began to turn not long after the Federal Reserve began pumping vast quantities of cash into the system with QE.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Another thing to consider is that while it’s unclear how much the Fed’s QE policy helped, it’s equally unclear how much worse things might have been in the US without it. But there are some hints. In the US, the Fed’s QE was part of a fast, aggressive approach to counteracting the pernicious aftershocks of a major crisis.
In Europe, the central bank didn’t embark as aggressively on the same kind of balance-sheet-based easing program:
Share
Tap image to zoom
And the outcomes in the US have been much better, with the unemployment rate falling sharply, in comparison to the euro zone.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Given that the Fed’s aggressive balance-sheet expansion was a key distinction in the policy responses of the US and euro zone, it would seem to be foolish to dismiss its impact.
Share this:

Datawind to launch Rs 2 000 smartphone with free InternetHi Guest
Datawind to launch Rs 2,000 smartphone with free Internet
With an aim to double its volumes, low-cost mobile devices maker Datawind on Thursday said it will launch a Rs 2,000 smartphone before Diwali that will come bundled with free Internet for life. The company said the device will be based on Android operating system and have a 3.5 inch size. Datawind currently has three smartphones and 5 tablets under its portfolio and is selling 40,000-50,000 devices every month. "We are looking forward to launch our Rs 2,000 smartphone and few other devices ...

Fortune ranks Indra Nooyi 3rd most powerful woman in business world  Facebook s Sheryl Sandberg at 10thE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bayer plans plastics business flotationBayer plans float of plastics business and focus on life sciences
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bba844fa-3f19-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HCL to invest $9 million in North Carolina c...You are here: Home > Collections > Clients
HCL Technologies to invest $9 million in North Carolina centre; create 1,237 jobs
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 08.58PM IST
Tags:
HCL
(HCL Technologies, which…)
NEW YORK: India's fourth largest software services firm HCL Technologies will expand its centre in North Carolina with an investment of $ 9 million, creating up to 1,237 new jobs by the end of 2018.
HCL Technologies, which has over 8,000 people working across 15 states in the US, employs close to 1,000 people at the Cary Centre in North Carolina.
Governor Pat McCrory and North Carolina Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker today made the announcement at the centre.
"HCL sees Cary as a strategic talent hub in the Americas and will invest approximately $ 9 million in expanding the centre. The company continues to invest in its global delivery footprint in order to enhance value for its clients by developing nearshore capabilities," HCL Technologies Chief Human Resources Officer Prithvi Shergill told PTI.
The hirings will be a mix of local as well as external professionals, he added.
HCL's business in America contributes more than 50 per cent of the firm's global revenues.
In 2013-14 fiscal, its revenue stood at Rs 16,497.37 crore.
The firm also has partnerships with North Carolina New Schools for STEM related initiatives to leverage HCL's services for content creation and management of its collaborative online community.
HCL will hire computer professionals to develop, maintain and upgrade software applications and provide services to global clients. Salaries will vary by job function and experience, but the average annual payroll for the new jobs is expected to be nearly $ 64 million.
The expansion comes as part of an award to HCL from the state Job Development Investment Grant (JDIG) programme, which are awarded to new and expanding businesses and industrial projects in the region.
Under the terms of the company's JDIG award, HCL is eligible to receive up to 12 annual grants equal to 75 per cent of the state personal income tax withholdings from the eligible new jobs created since the date of the initial award.
"Over 12 years, the JDIG award could yield aggregate benefits to HCL of more than $ 19.6 million upon the creation of 1,237 jobs," he said.
An estimated $ 6.5 million in additional funds from the company's JDIG award could be added to the state's Utility Fund for infrastructure improvements in economically distressed counties, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Secretary Kerry Testifies at House Foreign Affairs Hearing on ISISSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.org - West Coast Sea Nettles
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

MITs futuristic spacesuit works like shrink wrapBy Rachel Feltman September 18 Follow @rachelfeltman
The MIT BioSuit is a skintight spacesuit that offers improved mobility and reduced mass compared to modern gas-pressurized spacesuits. (Jose-Luis Olivares/MIT)
What if astronauts squeezed into lightweight, stretchy suits before venturing into space? MIT researchers are proposing just that.
The theoretical suits would be made from coils that spring back to a "remembered" shape when heated -- so they could stretch out enough for astronauts to slip them on, but then contract into a suit tight enough to keep them alive in space.
The coils, in their stretched and contracted states. (Jose-Luis Olivares/MIT)
“With conventional spacesuits, you’re essentially in a balloon of gas that’s providing you with the necessary one-third of an atmosphere [of pressure,] to keep you alive in the vacuum of space,” Dava Newman , a professor of astronautics at MIT and head of the suit's design team, said in a statement . “We want to achieve that same pressurization, but through mechanical counterpressure — applying the pressure directly to the skin, thus avoiding the gas pressure altogether."
For now, the suit is just a cuff --  a tourniquet that hangs loose, but tightens around the arm when exposed to a certain temperature. But tests show that the pressure it tightens to is equal to what a spacesuit would need to maintain.
Combined with fabric, the coils form a fast-tightening tourniquet. (Jose-Luis Olivares/MIT)
The big advantage is increased mobility, which will be important in future space missions. Just imagine trying to explore the surface of Mars in a cumbersome, gas-filled suit.
But keeping this new material pressurized indefinitely might be tricky. The easiest way would be keeping the suit at a high heat for as long as an astronaut wore it -- but that would mean carrying around a power supply to keep it warm, and would overheat the space explorer in no time at all. Newman and her team are investigating other possibilities.
For now, their proof-of-concept tourniquet has more immediate applications on Earth. It could be used for emergency triage, the researchers suggest , providing instant, hands-free pressure on serious wounds.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Chinese railways: chariots of fire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3ae0a90c-3f14-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Columbia Asia to set up eight hospitals across AsiaColumbia Asia to set up eight hospitals across Asia
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014 08:52 PM IST
International chain of hospitals, Columbia Asia, which inaugurated its Ahmedabad facility today, plans to invest around $180 million (or around Rs 900 crore) over the next four years to add eight new hospitals across India, Indonesia and Malaysia. Of this, India would get three 150-bed hospitals.
For the 104-bed multi-speciality Ahmedabad hospital the Group has invested close to Rs 100 crore. This is the 11th property of Columbia Asia in India. “We will concentrate on areas like Bangalore, National Capital Region and Pune for the upcoming hospitals. The overall investment is not decided yet,” said Tufan Ghosh, chief executive officer, Columbia Asia Hospitals.
The Group operates around 1200 beds across its eleven facilities in India and the country accounts for nearly 45 per cent of its global revenues.
The India turnover for 2013-14 was around Rs 500 crore. The organised healthcare business in the country is growing at 23-25 per cent growth rate, said Nandakumar Jairam, chairman and managing director of Columbia Asia Hospitals.

Chinese lenders ink pacts with SBI and ICICIAxis Bank
("State Bank of India and…)
NEW DELHI: Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) and China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) today signed various agreements with SBI, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank to facilitate trade between the two countries.
SBI signed an agreement with China Exim Bank for a Line of Credit of $ 1.8 billion for imports of raw material, energy, equipment, mechanical and electronic products, among others from China.
"State Bank of India and The Export Import Bank of China signed a framework agreement for a Line of Credit of $ 1.8 billion to be offered by The Exim Bank of China .
"The Line of Credit will be utilised for projects involving imports of Chinese raw materials, energy, equipment, mechanical and electronic products... any other projects mutually agreed by the two banks," SBI said in a release.
Private lender ICICI Bank signed an agreement with China Exim Bank for $ 1 billion to facilitate short-term and long-term credit lines to ICICI Bank for financing purchase and import of Chinese products and services by its clients.
"The credit lines may also be utilised to support the cooperation between Chinese and Indian enterprises in natural resources, energy exploration and construction contracting projects," ICICI Bank said in a release.
ICICI Bank also signed a MoU with CDB for strengthening commercial and economic ties and setting up a mechanism to facilitate mutual trade and investment opportunities.
"The MoU seeks to reinforce the economic and trade relationship between China and India, and to promote economic development of their respective countries," it added.
Axis Bank signed a MoU with CDB to cater to requirements of Chinese companies operating in India.
"The MoU would help Axis Bank to support its corporate clients by funding them at competitive pricing and also give the bank an opportunity to work closely with Chinese companies in facilitating them in their domestic requirements in India," Axis Bank said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Energy sector lags as oil fallsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Britain witnesses Scots choosing their future (Roundup)Britain witnesses Scots choosing their future (Roundup)
Asian Games gives youngsters chance to shine: PaesAsian Games gives youngsters chance to shine: Paes
Kerry  Afghan candidate discuss vote impasseKerry  Afghan candidate discuss vote impasse
Good days of 7% growth ahead  just wait for 2-3 yearsGood days of 7% growth ahead  just wait for 2-3 years
Meet the multi-faceted Chinas First Lady; Peng LiyuanMeet the multi-faceted Chinas First Lady; Peng Liyuan
No intent to exit the Hyderabad Metro Rail project: L&THi Guest
No intent to exit the Hyderabad Metro Rail project: L&T
The L&T management on Wednesday reiterated its commitment to complete the Rs 16,000-crore (Rs 160 billion) Hyderabad Metro Rail project “expeditiously as per schedule” after local newspapers published reports stating the concessionaire had informed the government its intent to exit from the public-private partnership project owing to several issues, including the change in status of Hyderabad post bifurcation. While the reports were based on a letter written by L&T Metro ...

India-China talks: High on hype; low on substanceIndia-China talks: High on hype; low on substance
Let the gloating beginLet the gloating begin
India under pressure at WTO to give up demand on food securityIndia under pressure at WTO to give up demand on food security
Amiti Sen
Developed countries say India “breached trust” by not supporting trade facilitation
New Delhi, September 18:  
Developed countries such as the US and Australia have once again stepped up pressure on India at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) to sign a pact on trade facilitation without a simultaneous agreement on food security. In a meeting of the WTO Committee on Agriculture on Tuesday, Australia accused New Delhi of doing a turnaround that led to collapse of talks.
Placing the blame
It pointed out at the meeting that the G-33 proposal (of which India is part) given in July called for a permanent solution on stockholding to be agreed by 2017 (the 11th WTO Ministerial Conference) as was agreed in the Bali meeting of trade ministers last December.
Australia asked India to explain why it then linked the signing of the trade facilitation protocol-an agreement to upgrade customs infrastructure and harmonise border procedures-- to finding a permanent solution on food security. India said it would explain the G–33 proposal when members start negotiating a permanent solution.
Wilful neglect?
India allowed the protocol for the trade facilitation agreement to lapse on July 31, as it refused to sign it in the absence of a permanent solution that would allow it to subsidise its food procurement programmes without worrying about breaching subsidy limits. This raised the hackles of many developed countries backing the trade facilitation pact with some calling it a “breach of trust”.
Although talks have tentatively restarted in September after the summer break, members don’t seem to be in a mood to compromise. “There is no agreement yet on a post-Bali work programme,” a WTO official said. The US said that it would take longer than 2014 to find a permanent solution to the problem of food procurement. However, it could be clarified that the interim relief promised to developing countries in Bali against legal action in case of breach of subsidy limit will remain in place until a permanent solution is found. Although in Bali India had agreed to sign the protocol on trade facilitation in July, it had second thoughts later as there was no movement in talks on a permanent solution at the WTO.
India was apprehensive that once the trade facilitation agreement is signed, developed countries will lose all interest in the issue of food security.
India wants an amendment in WTO rules so that price support for public procurement to benefit low-income farmers or those who lack resources is considered ‘Green Box’ that are not subject to the cap of 10 per cent of agri production. Alternatively, it wants the subsidy to be calculated based on reference price of recent years and not the existing reference year of 1986-88.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Life insurers get more time to convert policies to demat formLife insurers get more time to convert policies to demat form
Deepa Nair
Tweet
Mumbai, September 18:  
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) recently sent a circular to all life insurers allowing a one month-extension to meet the criteria for conversion of a minimum number of policies into dematerialised (demat) form as part of a pilot scheme.
IRDA has licensed Karvy, NSDL Database, Central Insurance Repository, SHCIL Projects, and CAMS Repository Services as repositories.
The regulator had launched a two-month pilot project in July, making it mandatory for all life insurers to convert a minimum of 1,000 or five per cent of the total individual policies issued into demat format.
Viiveck Verma, ED, Karvy Insurance Repository, said some life insurance companies were not ready with the testing and technicalities of system integration due to which there was need for the deadline to be extended.
At present, according to industry estimates, the five insurance repositories have around two lakh e-insurance accounts and around 60,000 policies in dematerialised format. For the policies converted/ issued in electronic form, within an e-Insurance Account, the insurance repository is responsible for providing the mandatory information such as policy status, history, premium dues with facility to print/download wherever necessary.
The CEO of a private life insurance company blamed the delay on slow customer feedback despite all the communication sent by the insurer.
“While it is a good model for the future, the number of insurance policies held by an individual is limited. So, he may not feel an immediate need to dematerialise the policy, unlike multiple securities that an individual may hold and trade,” he said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

AP Govt discloses land availability in districtsAP Govt discloses land availability in districts
Our Bureau
Data on land near Vijaywada yet to be received
Hyderabad, September 18:  
Andhra Pradesh has 32,872 acres of Government land available within a radius of 10 km from district head-quarters. This was disclosed by Deputy Chief Minister KE Krishna Murthy in a press conference here recently.
SPSR Nellore district had the highest acreage at 5,823 acres while West Godavari had the lowest at 79 acres. Krishna district, which is going to have the new capital, has 3,247 acres of land near its district head-quarters Machilipatnam which is about 60 km from Vijayawada. When asked on the availability of Govt land in and around Vijayawada, the minister said the data was not yet available.
Land use
The available land would be used for developing infrastructure for information technology industry, institutions of higher education and housing for the middle class and economically-weaker sections, the minister said.
The Govt had earlier asked the 13 district collectors to provide information on available land.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

SBI  ICICI Bank  Axis Bank to get China Exim Bank creditSBI, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank to get China Exim Bank credit
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 18:  
State Bank of India and ICICI Bank on Thursday signed framework agreements with the Export Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) for Lines of Credit (LOC) amounting to $1.8 billion and $1 billion respectively.
The LOC will be utilised for projects involving import of Chinese raw materials, energy, equipment, mechanical and electronic products, complete sets of equipment, new and high-tech products, energy projects, infrastructure and construction projects and any other projects mutually agreed on by the two banks, the banks said in their respective statements.
Axis Bank, India’s third largest private bank, also signed an MoU with China Development Bank for an undisclosed amount to support its corporate clients by funding them at competitive rates.
The deal will also give the bank the opportunity to work closely with Chinese companies in meeting their requirements in India.
SBI, in the statement, said that the agreement is expected to be an important building block in the push to the infrastructure sector initiated by the new Government, which is expected to require an investment of over a trillion dollars over the next few years.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Red sanders: AP Govt suspends two officialsThe Government also has proof that Ramana accepted bribes from people involved in criminal charges.
Hyderabad, September 18:  
Andhra Pradesh Government has suspended two officials for their involvement in red sanders smuggling.
The suspended officials were G Uday Kumar, currently serving as Deputy Superintendent of Police, CID and GV Ramana, a senior divisional police officer of Rajampet.
“The evidence shows that Uday Kumar, during his tenure as OSD – Taskforce, Red Sanders, Tirupati had received huge bribes from Red Sandalwood smugglers every month.
“These Red Sandalwood smugglers came from neighbouring States and other Rayalaseema districts,” a Government release said. The Government also has proof that Ramana accepted bribes from people involved in criminal charges.
“It has been found that he has facilitated easy passage of Red Sanders smugglers without any checks,” it added. Over 1,000 persons have been arrested so far for their involvement in smuggling the red sanders.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Adani Power surges over 7% on optimism  resumption of unitsAdani Power surges over 7% on optimism, resumption of units
 Rutam Vora
SEBI, Mumbai. Photo: SHASHI ASHIWAL
Apex court’s stay on Aptel’s compensatory tariff order to put pressure on performance
Ahmedabad, September 18:  
Leaving behind all negative news relating to tariff, coal shortage and financial issues, Adani Power (APL) has started showing an uptrend on the bourses.
Analysts’ concern
For the Adani Power stock, the sharp rise on Thursday comes after a steady decline during the past one month. APL shares were down by close to 10 per cent since August 18 till September 16.
During this period APL had shut down eight generating units at Mundra. Analysts cautioned that the closure of the generating units would hamper the company’s revenues for the second quarter. Also, the Supreme Court’s stay on implementation of Aptel’s compensatory tariff order put additional pressure on the stock.
The fall in stock prices during the past month was a reflection of investors’ concern regarding shutdown of the units. However, September 11 onwards APL resumed operations at some of its units and by September 13 most of the units became operational except three (3x660 MW) that supply power to Haryana.
“The decline in APL stock prices was because of profit-booking after the stock hit 52-week high in May. Some investors exited the stock, resulting into a slide in the stock price. Now what is seen is a reflection of the broader uptrend in the market,” said S Ranganathan, Head of Research, LKP Shares.
3i stake sale
However, insiders maintained the part-exit of 3i Investments from Adani Power had also fuelled the slide. The global PE player, which had invested in Adani’s power venture in 2007, is seen exiting. 3i continues to hold about 3 per cent stake in APL after selling off about 2 per cent in a phased manner over the past three months.
Led by Adani Power, which gained 7.6 per cent, to , the BSE Power Index ended at 2,092 points, up 2.23 per cent on Thursday.
“All the negative news about power sector has been discounted. Also, these stocks are trading at multi-year lows and we will see further upside,” said Alex Mathews of Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Snapdeal does a first  ties up with Mahindra for new Scorpio SUV bookingsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BHEL bags Rs 3 500 crore order for Gujarat thermal plantBHEL bags Rs 3,500 crore order for Gujarat thermal plant
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 08:50 PM IST
State-owned Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) has bagged an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat. The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State Electricity Corp Ltd.
In a statement on Thursday, BHEL said the Rs 3,536 crore order is to set up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district.
“This is the first ever project of 800 MW unit rating ordered in the country on EPC basis and is also the highest valued order placed by GSECL,” it said. The work includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning of the unit.
BHEL has a significant presence in Gujarat with 78.3 per cent share in the installed capacity of 9,653 MW by state utilities for coal, lignite, hydel and gas-based power plants, according to the statement.

Shemaroo IPO subscribed 7 timesShemaroo IPO subscribed 7 times
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:44 PM IST
Shemaroo Entertainment has received seven times subscription for its Rs 130 crore-initial public offering (IPO), which closed on Thursday. The issue, priced in the range between Rs 155 and Rs 170 a share, saw good demand from all category of investors. 
The institutional investor category was subscribed 5.7 times and the high networth investor segment was subscribed 8.6 times.   Meanwhile, the retail investors category, where 10 per cent extra discount was offered, was subscribed 7.5 times. Shemaroo had raised about Rs 36 crore from anchor investors, which included Birla Sunlife MF and HDFC MF, at Rs 170 a share ahead of its IPO. 
The success of the Shemaroo offering follows that of Snowman Logistics and Sharda Corpchem, who raised money by way of IPOs recently. Both the issues had been 60 times subscription. Snowman, which listed last week, has seen its share price almost double, while Sharda Corpchem is slated to make its stock market debut next week.

Force Motors prepares for life after Bajaj exitForce Motors prepares for life after Bajaj exit
Shivani Shinde Nadhe | Pune Sep 18, 2014 10:30 PM IST
As you enter Force Motors' manufacturing plant at Chakan in Pune, you can sense an air of enthusiasm. Employees in red T-shirts are more than eager to explain and coax you into going for a test ride on the Gurkha, the company's off-road powerhouse. The vehicle saw plenty of action in Goa in the recently held Indian edition of the Rainforest Challenge, an international off-road competition and often considered the off-roaders' equivalent of the Formula 1 race.
Force Motors, which also sponsored the Rainforest Challenge, hopes to bring the brawny vehicle in the market towards the end of this month. The Gurkha was unveiled three years ago, and around 250 of them have already been exported to Germany, while a few more are being used in Africa. In India, it has not yet been put up at dealerships. "We were focused on a few other projects and models within the company," explains Prasan Firodia, managing director, Force Motors. "I think this is the right time for Force Gurkha to be made available because the domestic off-road traveller is much more mature now. Also, internally too, we feel it is a good opportunity."
There is an air of expectancy at the company because, at Rs 6.5-8.5 lakh, the Gurkha is among the best priced in its class. The vehicle with its snorkel-exhaust and a Mercedes-Benz engine has already drawn many admirers and is expected to sell well in the niche market.
The company's hopes have been further boosted by the steady rise in its stock price since early September. On September 12, it touched an all-time high of Rs 1,004. For Firodia, it is an interesting juncture because the escalating share price has nudged Pune-based auto manufacturer Bajaj group, which once controlled Force Motors, into selling whatever remained of its stake in the company. The Rahul Bajaj-led Bajaj group recently sold off the stake of his company in Force Motors to cash in on the 83 per cent appreciation in the Force Motors shares in recent months. "We have been off-loading shares in Force Motors since the past many months. We thought we are getting a good price (on the sale). Though we have no direct business relations, we share a very cordial relationship with the Firodia family," Niraj Bajaj, director, Bajaj Group, said in an email to Business Standard recently.
On their part, the Firodias, now led by company Chairman Abhay Firodia, father of Prasan Firodia, still hold a significant chunk in Bajaj firms. Their total holding across Bajaj Auto, Bajaj Finserv and Bajaj Holding Investment is around Rs 3,859 crore.
Bajaj's exit from his company has not ruffled Prasan Firodia. While he prefers not to comment on the stake sale by Bajaj or on his family's future course for their holdings in Bajaj, he says that both the families still share cordial relation. "The Bajajs come to our place, we go to theirs. We meet for dinners, family function and so on," he says.
Falling behind in the race
A cursory look at the financials of the two firms (Bajaj & Force Motors operate in different segments) tells the story of how Force Motors has remained on the sidelines of the country's automobile growth story. Bajaj Auto's net profit of Rs 3,243 crore in 2013-14 was 60 per cent higher than the turnover of Force Motors in the same year. While the company reported a 5 per cent jump in net profit in 2013-14 at Rs 77.69 crore, its sales were impacted by the economic slowdown.
On whether the company opting out of the passenger vehicle segment and focusing on commercial and sports utility vehicles and tractors has made it miss the bus, Firodia says: "Had we started in that segment 10-15 years ago, things would have been different. Today, the average consumer expectation is much higher. So it does not make sense for us to get into the passenger car segment. Product life-cycles are extremely short, volumes at bare minimum are essential to get returns on investment, and the risk levels are substantially higher."
Firodia is also candid enough to accept that the company's foray into the SUV market with the Force One hasn't been too satisfying. "The numbers were not what we had hoped for," he admits. "That segment is completely different to the DNA of our company. However, it has been a learning experience. And these learnings are reflected across our product lines."
He points out, for instance, that because it decided to go in for SUVs, Force Motors had to access technologies like ABS, right-hand handling and electronic brakeforce distribution. "We got into those and now our Traveller mini bus has been fitted with these features. Today they have GPS, parking sensors and other advanced features," says Firodia.
Despite setbacks, Force Motors is not ready to give up on its Force One SUV. It is, therefore, working on strengthening the distribution network. In the other segments of its choosing, it has done fairly well. Firodia says that the Traveller today holds 68 per cent of the market share and is growing. The recently launched 26-seater Traveller further opens up another huge market opportunity for the company. Firodia also says that the company has seen good traction in exports, and the future looks bright. "Though exports constitute less than five per cent of the sales for us, we see a huge opportunity," he says. "In the next three years, we think exports should be 15-20 per cent of our revenues."
Having worked on a focused approach to sell its Balwan tractor, restricting itself to seven markets, among them Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Chhattisgarh, the company claims to have done well in this segment. "In the last three years, our tractor segment has grown at a 60 per cent year-on-year. Though the volumes are low, we are doing extremely well. We are India's fastest growing company in this segment," says Firodia. Once it gets scale in the seven chosen regions, the company intends to increase its presence in other markets.
High on hope
Analyst are betting on Force Motors' revival in commercial vehicles. "With the new government focusing on infrastructure, there will be a big push for commercial vehicles for passenger transport. But as an original equipment manufacturer in the Indian market, players will need to have a clear strategy and a specific roadmap. We see competition for Force Motors not only from domestic players, but also multinational automobile makers and aggressive exporters from China," says Abdul Majeed, partner (automotive practice), PricewaterhouseCoopers .
The company plans to invest Rs 1,000 crore over the next three years on new vehicle projects and branding, among other things. For 2014-15, the capex is set at Rs 200 crore. The company is also expanding the network for its SUVs and tractors as well as working on improving after sale services.
In the next two-three years, the thrust areas for Force Motors will be vans, tractors and niche vehicles like the Gurkha. "Can we be successful in vans, SUVs, off-roaders, commercial vehicles and tractors? All these segments are growing at a significant pace. The van segment is growing the fastest in India. We are the largest manufacturers of ambulance vans in India. India will need ambulances desperately. We might as well take these initiatives ahead," says Firodia.
With the Force Gurkha all set for a commercial launch, the company will, for the first time, also make use of its retail distribution network to market the off-roader. Force Motors has the capacity to roll out 1,000 Gurkha vehicles per month, of which at least 15 per cent will be earmarked for the export market. "There is demand abroad. Off-roading is a small community," says the managing director. "The factory-built car that we will be giving will have all the gadgetry that will allow you to do hardcore off-roading. The demand for such vehicles is also from people who own tea or coffee estates." The company also intends to present the vehicle's capabilities to the Indian defence services. This market could be anywhere between 10,000 and 12,000 vehicles per year and Firodia aims to capture at least 20 per cent of it.
The other big thrust will be to enter into manufacturing partnerships with other automobile companies. Force Motor has already forged alliances with Mercedes and Ford, and recently sewed up a deal with another European automobile manufacturer. Such alliances contribute 25-30 per cent to Force Motors' revenue. "We have been doing all the engines for Mercedes in India. We assemble, test and supply all the engines and axles built in India. We will begin a similar operation for this European manufacturer as well in Chennai," says Firodia.
With the whole automobile sector finally turning the corner after years of sluggish performance, Force Motors has perhaps chosen the most opportune moment to expand its vision. The prospects literally ride on its various products.
Swaraj Baggonkar in Mumbai contributed to this report

Fogg maker Vini Cosmetics eyes Rs 1 200 crore turnover in 5 yearsFogg maker Vini Cosmetics eyes Rs 1,200 crore turnover in 5 years
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014 08:59 PM IST
Seasoned marketer Darshan Patel, who has pulled off a 'winner' in his Fogg deodorant, is eyeing to take the turnover of his company Vini Cosmetics Private Ltd to Rs 1200 crore in five years time, up four times from the current revenues of Rs 300 crore.
Two new product launches by March as well as plans of inorganic growth are likely to fuel the growth ahead.
This financial year 2014-15, Patel says the company is looking at 25-30 per cent growth, which means the turnover should be around Rs 400 crore. Private Equity investor Sequoia Capital has picked up a 9 per cent stake in Vini last year for Rs 110 crore, and Patel plans to use the funds for making strategic acquisitions.
Without divulging any further, Patel says that he is in the lookout for suitable players in the personal care category that will bring in new portfolios under Vini and expand its product range. This apart, plans are also on for tying up with local or international nutraceuticals player to foray into the segment. "I might float a separate company for the nutraceuticals range, but it will be under the Vini umbrella brand," Patel says.
Patel, had started Vini in 2010 with Rs 50-75 crore investment after he had split from erstwhile Paras Pharmaceuticals in 2006. He was just 44 years of age then and had made $43 million by selling his stake in Paras to private equity fund Actis. "The personal care business is the only business I know about, and after four years of research and brainstorming I decided to come up with Vini Cosmetics," Patel said. He chose the deodorants space as it was clocking a 25-30 per cent growth rate, and Patel already had the experience of launching the SetWet range of deos while in Paras.
His strategy of offering a deodorant in dosage form worked well with the consumers and the Fogg range has already garnered around 17 per cent share in the deo segment in India and is the numero uno brand in the market at the moment. "There were several products available in the market, I decided to come up with a differentiator, or a 'no gas' proposition for Fogg. This caught the consumers' fancy as this meant substantial savings, the deo bottle would last longer," Patel explains adding that this needed innovations both at the product level (a gas-free formulation) and packaging level (special pump to deliver the deo as dosage forms).
Currently, Fogg accounts for nearly 65-70 per cent of Vini's turnover and is the flagship brand. Patel, however, has no plans of having any brand extensions of Fogg ( he has already ventured into a women's range under the brand). He plans to come up with more category creators in the times to come.
"By March, we plan to launch two more products in the beauty care segment, completely new categories" he says without disclosing much about the potential launch.
He claims that he has also created a category with his Delicca face wash which comes as a powder and is claimed to be the first sulphate-free face wash in the country.
Patel plans to build on the Delicca brand slowly, and says that television commercials on the brand would start picking up in some time.
"We do not indulge in digital media campaigning. We have a small budget and have decided to focus on television commercials," he said. Last year Vini had an advertising budget of Rs 70 crore.

Isis fighters surround Kurdish townSyrian Kurds appeal to Turkish brethren for help fighting Isis
By Erika Solomon in Beirut and Piotr Zalewski in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f22e10a-3f44-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Peabody sinks after Goldman downgradePeabody sinks after Goldman downgrade
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9298cf92-3f4d-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU freeze on Iran bank assets rejectedCourt rejects EU’s freeze on assets of Iran central bank
By Christian Oliver in Brussels and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5fa3d14c-3f46-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Time running out for trust bargainsTime running out for trust bargains
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b92e7696-3e5a-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple closer to selling iPhone 6 in ChinaApple’s iPhone 6 debut in China delayed by regulators
By Charles Clover in Beijing and Reuters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be699b66-3f47-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Today s links: China! Scotland! Volcanados!Today's links: Dupont! Scotland! Volcanados!
By: John Waggoner September 17, 2014 9:17 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Trian Partners, an activist hedge fund, is urging the breakup of chemical maker DuPont ( DD ), arguing that its structure is bloated and that its seven lines of business bear little relation to each other.
China’s central bank is pumping $81 billion into the nation’s largest banks to counter a worse-than-expected economic slowdown.
Ultrasonic, a Chinese footwear maker, says most of its Chinese cash reserves have vanished, along with its CEO and COO. “Most of the company’s cash funds at PRC and Hong Kong levels have been transferred, being no longer in the company’s range of influence,” the company said in a statement.
(File photo by Scott Heppell, AP)
Oil production in Great Britain (including Scotland) accounted for about 80% of the total North Sea production in 1980. It’s about 30% now, and the trend is not friendly to an independent Scotland.
Wal-Mart is being sued by New York’s attorney general, who says the discount retailer charged New Yorkers extra for a fictional “sugar tax. ” New York has no sugar tax.
Want to buy a German two-year government note? It will cost you . German two-year bonds fetched a yield of -0.07% at auction. U.S. two-year notes yield a kingly 0.54%.
Speaking of Germany, a German court has lifted the ban on Uber , the car-sharing service.
Can’t find any investment to buy that doesn’t look expensive? Welcome to the club. Morningstar’s Christine Benz suggests three funds that could help you.
One reason not to live in Iceland: You think a tornado is bad? Well, how about a volcano? Or how about a volcanado?

Steelmaker surges on restructuring  earnings forecastSteel appeals; U.S. Steel rolls 10%
By: Gary Strauss September 17, 2014 12:47 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Tin-coated steel rolls at a U.S. Steel plant.
U.S. Steel X  jumped 10% to $45.61 Wednesday  after  the company moved to shore up its balance sheet, cancelling two major projects and announcing its money losing Canadian unit would file for bankruptcy.
The Canadian operation, acquired in 2007, has lost about $2.4 billion since December 2009, according to corporate flings. U. S. Steel said it filing for bankruptcy protection would reduce liabilities by about $1.4 billion.
Pittsburgh-based U.S. Steel said it will not expand and upgrade a Keewatin, Minn., iron ore pellet plant and will no longer provide additional investments in a Gary, IN., factory that produces alternatives for industrial coke. Combined, U.S. Steel said it would have spent more than $800 million on the projects.
“The decisions to stop further efforts relative to these investments represent another step in our transformation to earn the right to grow,” said CEO Mario Longhi. “These strategic decisions allow us to redirect funding to projects to further develop advanced high strength steels for our automotive customers, premium connections for our energy market customers, and capital expenditures to update and modernize our operations.”
The combined moves will cause the nation’s largest steelmaker to take a third-quarter write down of up to $600 million. But Longhi said operating income would be “significantly higher” than consensus estimates.
Credit Suisse’s Nathan Littlewood reiterated an “outperform” rating and a  $50 price target.
Other steel stocks also posted gains. AK Steel AKS   popped 6.4% to $10.26 and Steel Dynamics STLD  gained 3.8% to $24.85.  Nucor NUE  rose 4% to $57.81 on higher-than-expected third-quarter earnings projections and news that it planned to purchase Gallatin Steel, a joint venture between  Luxembourg-based ArcelorMittal MT and Brazil’s Gerdau Ameristeel GGB for $770 million.
 
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Kerala tells PTL to defer move to sell hospitalsUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:19 IST
Kerala tells PTL to defer move to sell hospitals
Lalatendu Mishra
business (general)
‘The deal lacks transparency’
The Kerala Government has asked PTL Enterprises Ltd of the Apollo Tyres Group to defer a move to sell its two hospitals for Rs.181 crore, allegedly far below market rate to a company owned by its chairman Onkar Kanwar.
The company has called an annual general meeting (AGM) on September 22 to seek shareholders’ approval for the sale. “We have written to the company and the board asking them to defer the proposal to sell the hospitals as the deal lacks transparency. We, as co-promoters, were not consulted before the decision was made. But they have not heeded our request, and have gone ahead with electronic voting,” said a top Kerala Government official requesting anonymity.
Since the controlling promoters had majority stake, they were going ahead with voting, the official said.
The Government of Kerala has 7.5 per cent stake in PTL Enterprises. The State Government’s move comes after minority shareholders raised a storm over the company’s decision to sell the hospitals at such a low price.
In a report, Institutional Investor Advisory Services said that the market value of the hospitals was between Rs.700 crore and Rs.1,000 crore based on the hospital deals taken place recently in the vicinity.

New tea clones developed to boost productivityUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:19 IST
New tea clones developed to boost productivity
Indrani Dutta
beverage
TTRI-2 has been found to be a good clone for producing above average yield of very good cup quality
At a time when climate change has begun affecting tea cultivation, the Tea Research Association (TRA) has come up with two new clones, which is expected to boost productivity and improve quality.
“It is a major development in TRA’s research programme, and they are now ready for commercial release,” TRA Secretary-General Jaideep Pukhan told The Hindu. The release comes after nearly decade-long trial runs.
Of the two clones developed, TTRI 1 aims at boosting productivity. It was put on trial in 2006. It has so far given a 35 per cent higher yield, at about 4,000 kg per hectare. This clone comes eight years after the release of the last clone.
The clone TTRI 2 aims at producing quality orthodox tea, a variety which produces high value teas. “This clone was selected in 2004, and assessed in long-term trials at TRA’s Tocklai Experimental Station and its outstations between 2006 and 2013. “TTRI-2 has been found to be a good clone for producing above average yield of very good cup quality.”
Mr. Pukhan said that increasing volumes of tea production had become an imperative due to various reasons. Erratic rainfall has been impacting tea production, especially during prime production months, making it difficult to achieve volumes. “At least two factors of production are in short supply — land and labour,” a source said.
“There are drought and drought-like situations in the summer months, with short but heavy spells of rainfall — this affects productivity and quality,” an official of the the Indian Tea Association said.

Apollo to acquire Heteros storesUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:09 IST
Apollo to acquire Hetero’s stores
Special Correspondent
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise will buy the retail pharmacy business of Hetero Med Solutions for Rs.146 crore.
Hetero operates retail pharmacy stores in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
In a statement, Apollo said it would buy the business undertaking on a slump-sale basis. The deal comprised 320 pharmacy stores, it added. There was no equity buy in Hetero, it said.
“In order to drive the standalone pharmacy business segment’s growth to the next stage, Apollo was on the look out for acquisitions to grow inorganically and considers the Hetero Pharmacy chain as the right choice given its significant presence in the relevant territories,” Shobana Kamineni, Executive Vice-Chairperson of Apollo Hospitals, said in a statement.
For Hetero, the sale comes as part of its plan to exit pharma retail business to focus on its core pharma and bulk drugs businesses.

Jet plane plunge: co-pilot fiddled with controls  says Boeing reportComments
In a startling twist to the incident involving a Jet Airways aircraft plunging over 5,000 feet while flying over the Turkish airspace last month, it has now emerged that the co-pilot may have fiddled with the aircraft controls, resulting in the free fall.
There were around 280 passengers on board.
Considering the “gravity” of the incident, Directorate General of Civil Aviation, Prabhat Kumar, has scrapped the inquiry committee investigating the incident and has asked Sanjay Brahmane, deputy director, air safety, to conduct the probe.
The aviation regulator received a report from US aircraft maker Boeing, which had analysed the records of the Digital Flight Data Recorder (DFDR) of the B777 aircraft.
“This appears to be a serious act of ‘criminal negligence’ on part of the co-pilot. It wasn’t as if the plane went into a free fall and the pilots were unaware of it. The Boeing report clearly establishes that the co-pilot fiddled with the controls of the aircraft after which the plane dropped 5,000 feet,” a senior DGCA official said.
Jet did not respond to call, mail and text message from HT seeking comments for the story.
The DGCA had grounded both the pilots of the Mumbai-Newark flight after the incident came to light. The flight’s commander was asleep (taking controlled rest) at the time of the incident. The regulator is also looking into whether the “controlled rest was permitted at that point of time” or not.
The pilots did not report the incident in their post-flight report, which they are required to do according to rules, and kept on with regular flying till the DGCA was tipped off about the incident through an anonymous message.

Soon  car owners can force recalls in case of defectsSoon, car owners can force recalls in case of defects
Sumant Banerji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 17, 2014
First Published: 23:53 IST(17/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:40 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
In a move that will have far reaching consequences, the new Motor Vehicles act likely to be passed in the upcoming winter session of Parliament puts in place a mandatory policy for recalling defective cars, thereby empowering consumers to initiate a recall in case a manufacturer is reluctant to do so. 
The proposals that were made public on Saturday also provides for penalties when a car or a two-wheeler company is found to have delayed a recall. Manufacturers may be also fined `5 lakh per vehicle in case of production defects. It may also attract imprisonment of 3 months. Recalls would be mandated by a national authority.
“The authority shall have the power to order a recall of all motor vehicles of a particular model where a defect has been reported by a hundred or more people and which may cause harm to the driver or passengers of that model or to other road users,” according to the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014. “A manufacturer whose vehicles are subject to an order of recall may be obliged to compensate buyers of the full value of the vehicle, replace or repair the defective model with another vehicle of similar or better specifications or pay fines as may be specified in the regulations.”
India reports the highest number of casualties due to road accidents every year and the need for a mandatory recall policy on the lines of developed markets has been felt for a long time. Activists have welcomed the provisions in the Bill.
“For the first time, there are provisions in the law to hold accountable and punish agencies and individuals responsible for faulty road design and engineering, an inportant cause of road deaths but rarely looked at,” said Piyush Tewari, founder and president, SaveLIFE Foundation, an independent non-profit, non-government organisation. “What remains to be seen is whether the lead agency proposed would be independent enough to stand up to political pressures.”
Industry body, the Society of Indian Automobile Manufactur–ers, had put in place a voluntary code for recalling cars in 2012 that has seen over 700,000 cars being recalled in the last 2 years.
“The new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practices in six advanced nations — US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia,” road transport minister Nitin Gadkari had said on Friday.
The Act also call for fitness tests for all cars and two-wheelers every five years to ensure better maintenance of the vehicles.

News Corp chief lambasts cynical GoogleNews Corp chief lambasts ‘cynical’ Google
By Henry Mance and Murad Ahmed in London, and Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a891c320-3f08-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dalai Lama raises China border woes as Xi visits IndiaComments
Tibet's exiled spiritual leader said on Thursday that an unsettled border with China encompassing large parts of the Tibetan plateau was a problem for India and called for talks to resolve the dispute as Chinese President Xi Jinping toured India.
The Dalai Lama's remarks in Mumbai came as Indian and Chinese troops were locked in a standoff in a barren western stretch of the Himalayas, souring the goodwill around Xi's trip, which China later said had been brought under control.
The Indian army said on Thursday it was an "ongoing situation" and refused give details after 334 such incidents recorded from the beginning of the year until August along both the eastern and western parts of the 3,500-km (2,200-mile) border.
Read: Tibetans protest Xi’s visit as Capital turns into fortress
"Actually the Tibetan problem (is) also (a) problem of India. Before 1950, you see the whole northern border, really peaceful, no single soldier. So India's problem," the Dalai Lama, who lives in exile in northern India, told reporters.
"So sooner or later you have to solve these problems, not by force but by understanding and talk. Understanding comes through talk, only through personal contact."
China, which regards the Dalai Lama as a "splittist", or separatist, has ruled Tibet with an iron fist since Communist troops marched in in 1950 and regularly applies diplomatic pressure on countries to crack down on the activities of Tibetans.
But the Tibetan leader says he only seeks greater autonomy for his homeland which he fled after a failed uprising in 1959 and on Thursday urged Xi to learn from India's democratic experience.
"I think the Chinese president should learn some of India's experience. Look, east India, south India, west India, north India, different language, different script. But no danger of separation. Isn't it? Democratic rule, rule of law and free media..." he said.
Read: Tibet should be core issue for India, China: Tibetan PM
Groups of Tibetan activists held noisy protests outside the hotel where Xi was staying in New Delhi and at the stately Hyderabad House where he sat down for formal talks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
About 20 women shouting anti-China slogans ran past the police lines outside the building while an activist carrying the Tibetan flag climbed a flagpole in another part of Delhi.
Police dragged several activists away. India and China fought a brief border war in 1962.
Since the late 1980s they have held several rounds of talks to settle their border but are no closer to a solution.

Politicians clean up wiki profiles ahead of state pollsPoliticians clean up wiki profiles ahead of state polls
Kunal Purohit , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 18, 2014
First Published: 15:10 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:56 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
With many voters going online to get details on candidates before the assembly polls, politicians and their supporters are sanitising their profiles on Wikipedia.
The profile of Congress legislator Kripashankar Singh , who is being probed in an alleged disproportionate assets case, say his “commitment to social work helped him rise from an ordinary worker to the general secretary of city Congress”.
It doesn’t mention the SIT probe or any other allegations.
Singh allegedly has links with some of the accused in the 2G scam.
Similarly, Congress leader and state forest minister Patangrao Kadam’s profile claims that he is a philanthropist and a dedicated social servant.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis’ profile boasts of him as a ‘youth icon’, and is widely recognised for his ‘intellectual analysis’ skill and intellect.
This phenomenon isn’t restricted to sitting ministers and MLAs. The profiles of many MLA aspirants also seem to have been rewritten.
The profile of former Mayor and Shiv Sena corporator Shraddha Jadhav , who has been eyeing the Sion Koliwada assembly seat, mentions that she is known for her “elegant dressing”, her “fashion sense” and “her crisp cotton sarees”, along with describing her as an articulate corporator.
It, however, has no mention of the controversies that plagued her term as well as that she lost a by-poll she had contested in 2006.
The same goes for the Wikipedia profiles of state housing minister Sachin Ahir as well as Congress’ Bandra legislator Baba Siddique .
Tinu Cherian Abraham, a Wikipedia administrator and former Wikimedia India chapter board member, said this phenomenon had been observed elsewhere as well. “While we do respond to such articles that are effusive in their praise [of politicians], there’s no definite time frame for editors and administrators to take note of such plugs, as these often skip the attention of many,” Abraham said.
A social media consultant based in Pune confirmed the trend as well. “We often get requests from politicians to sanitise their Wikipedia profiles. While some insists on weeding out inconvenient facts, others also insist on inserting words of praise.”

The trouble with the no boots on the ground talk about Iraq and SyriaBy Dan Lamothe September 18 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. Army Special Forces pose for a rare, publicly released photograph with members of Afghanistan’s Northern Alliance in 2001. (Photo courtesy the U.S. Army)
Facing a fierce militant enemy that was well-armed and entrenched, elite U.S. Special Operations troops deployed to a wild country in order to coordinate U.S. air power, analyze intelligence and provide military advice to a native force that needed help on the ground. The Americans focused heavily on assessing what the locals could do, but also surveilled enemy positions and called in airstrikes.
That might sound like a description of U.S. military operations in Iraq in recent months. But it’s also a brief history of what American commandos did in Afghanistan in the weeks following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks in New York and Washington.
With the Taliban, which ran the Afghan government at the time, unwilling to give up al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden or his associates, the United States aligned itself with the rebel Northern Alliance. With U.S. assistance, alliance fighters began taking control of the country in October 2001, and had a hand in setting up a new government under President Hamid Karzai. Conventional ground troops — a common harbinger of an official ground war — did not arrive in significant numbers until late November of that year, but the Americans in Afghanistan before then had engaged in fierce combat numerous times.
The comparison between Iraq in 2014 and Afghanistan in 2001 isn’t perfect. For all of its muscle, the Islamic State militant group in Iraq and Syria hasn’t toppled the government in either country, the way the Taliban took over Kabul in the 1990s.
The comparison is relevant, however, when discussing a hotly contested issue in Washington this week: whether the United States will put “boots on the ground” in combat in Iraq or Syria, and what that even means. The question has been discussed regularly by administration officials, military officers, lawmakers and pundits alike,  with varying interpretations.
President Obama told a crowd of U.S. service members at MacDill Air Force Base near Tampa, Fla., on Wednesday that he “will not commit you to fighting another ground war in Iraq,” after Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said during a congressional hearing Tuesday that the U.S. could be become involved in ground combat in Iraq against Islamic State militants if the situation warranted it. He cited joint terminal attack controllers, who coordinate air support from the ground, as an example of a kind of U.S. troop who could be embedded with Iraqi units.
On Tuesday afternoon, President Obama told troops at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla., that "100 percent of Americans need to support" them and their families. He told them he would not commit them to "a ground war" in Iraq. (WhiteHouse.gov)
Dempsey’s spokesman, Air Force Col. Ed Thomas, clarified later Tuesday that the chairman did not believe there was a requirement for American military advisers to accompany Iraqi troops into combat. White House spokesman Josh Earnest, meanwhile, said Dempsey was “referring to a hypothetical scenario in which he might make a tactical recommendation to the president,” an effort to push back on the discussion.
It’s still unclear what actual role Americans will fill in Iraq. American military advisers — especially Special Operations troops — have engaged in combat missions for years in other countries. Most commonly, they have occurred in Afghanistan, where Special Operations troops continue to not only conduct counter-terrorism raids, but train and advise Afghan commandos.
Advisers have been in combat in other countries in the recent past as well. Consider the Oct. 18, 2011, rescue mission that members of Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command launched in the Philippines, after a Philippine special operations unit was ambushed and five of them were beheaded on the island of Basilan. The U.S. Marines involved in the response were deployed for a train and assist mission, but found themselves in a bloody battle with numerous casualties.
Current operations in Afghanistan also are worth considering. Obama has said repeatedly that the U.S. will end its combat mission in Afghanistan by the end of 2014, but the Pentagon is still expected to leave behind a residual force next year that will include some 2,000 Special Operations troops. They’ll continue to conduct raids, U.S. generals say , even though the formal combat role has ended.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Average US 30-Year Mortgage Rate at 4.23 PercentAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

S&P nears record as US Fed support boosts Wall StreetS&P nears record as US Federal Reserve support boosts Wall Street
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 08.36PM IST
0
Share More
"Today the S&P could make a nominal (intraday) new high, though I don't think it is important that it closes at a record," Zaro said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were higher in morning trading on Thursday, with the S&P 500 brushing against resistance at a record peak, a day after the US Federal Reserve renewed its commitment to keeping interest rates low.
The Fed said Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which had been expected by some to be dropped from the statement.
The Dow industrials closed Wednesday at a record high with the S&P coming within a point of its intraday record.
"The Dow made an all-time high and then pulled back which is typical of the way the market has been making new records, and that's likely to be the case with the S&P 500," said Bruce Zaro , chief technical strategist at Delta Global Asset Management in Boston.
"Today the S&P could make a nominal (intraday) new high, though I don't think it is important that it closes at a record."
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 58.22 points, or 0.34 per cent, to 17,215.07, the S&P 500 was gaining 6.13 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 2,007.7 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 19.01 points, or 0.42 per cent, to 4,581.20.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Penn West Petroleum, up 11.54 per cent, while the largest decliner was Pier 1 Imports, down 17.57 per cent a day after it slashed its full-year earnings forecast.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Rite Aid Corp , down 13.70 per cent to $5.73 after it cut its full-year profit forecast for a second time this year; Bank of America , up 1.13 per cent to $16.96, and General Electric, up 0.88 per cent to $26.28.
On the Nasdaq, Yahoo, up 0.7 per cent to $42.89; Vivus Inc, up 9.0 per cent to $4.23, and Apple, up 0.5 per cent to $102.10, were among the most actively traded.
Vivus rose after an erectile-dysfunction drug it co-developed was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,655 to 1,067, for a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,532 issues were rising and 750 falling for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 31 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 34 new highs and 19 new lows.
US housing starts and permits fell in August, but upward revisions to the prior month's data suggested the housing market continued to gradually improve. Separate data showing a sharp drop in the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits last week suggested the slowdown in job growth last month was probably an aberration.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Bungalow row: 18 injured as Ajit Singh s supporters clash with policeComments
There was complete mayhem at Murad Nagar as thousands of supporters of Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) chief Ajit Singh staged protests and clashed with police on Thursday.
RLD supporters pelting brick bats towards policemen during a protest against the Union government over the cut-off of electricity from party leader Ajit Singh's official bungalow following repeated eviction notices. (PTI Photo)
The protesters, who included members of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), vandalised two Ganga water regulators that supply water to the national Capital. The protests lasted for more than an hour as police and administrative officials chose to be mute spectators.
The supporters were protesting the attempt to evict their leader from his official residence at 12 Tughlak Road in New Delhi. The BKU leaders demanded that the house be converted into a memorial in name of Singh’s father and farmer leader late Chaudhary Charan Singh.
 The police and administrative officials watched as the protestors moved towards the two regulators that supply water to Delhi. The farmers pelted stones at the police and laid siege on the 300-metre area between the two regulators at Murad Nagar.
As the protesters vandalised the government property, the police allegedly did not bother to intervene and stop them.
After vandalising public property, Singh’s supporters climbed atop the two regulators with their axes to cut the grills and break their locks.
They tried to shut the channels that allow water to pass from the Ganga canal to the regulators. The rioters, then, targeted a water plant near the regulators. In their bid to cut water supply to Delhi, the protesters damaged electricity panels of the water channel. Fearing the mob’s fury, the plant’s staff fled.

IS group posts video of captive British journalist John CantlieIS group posts video of captive British journalist
AFP
print
The Islamic State group released a video Thursday of a British freelance photojournalist, John Cantlie, in which he says he is being held captive.
In the video posted on YouTube, Cantlie, wearing an orange jumpsuit, speaks to the camera in the style of a news report and promises to reveal in a series of programmes the "truth" about the jihadist group that has seized parts of Iraq and Syria.
There was no immediate threat to his life apparent in the video.
Cantlie, who had contributed to British newspapers including The Sunday Times and Sunday Telegraph, as well as to Agence France-Presse, said he was captured after travelling to Syria in November 2012.
 
He had previously been detained along with a Dutch photographer by extremists in Syria in July 2012 but was reportedly released after nine days. It was not clear when the video was shot, but in it Cantlie referred to recent events including IS taking control of large parts of Iraq in June.
Speaking in English with Arabic subtitles, Cantlie says in the 3:21-minute video -- titled "Lend Me Your Ears" -- that he plans to reveal "the truth behind the systems and motivation of the Islamic State".

Under attack  UGC retracts controversial circular on teaching Hindi in universitiesPress Trust of India | New Delhi/chennai | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:16 pm
Under attack from Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa and political parties in the state, the UGC on Thursday decided to withdraw its controversial circular directing universities to teach Hindi as one of the primary languages in undergraduate courses.
The University Grants Commission will now issue a revised circular on the subject on Friday, UGC Chairman Ved Prakash said, hours after Jayalalitha wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi opposing “imposition” of Hindi and that the directive was “not binding” on the state.
“The last circular was issued inadvertently mentioning that Hindi be taught along with English as a primary language. UGC has decided to issue a circular tomorrow saying that Hindi is not mandatory. It is the prerogative of the university concerned to decide4 how to teach, who to teach and what to teach,” Prakash said.
The circular became public earlier this week and was attacked by political parties in Tamil Nadu, including the DMK, MDMK and PMK, which said they would resist all attempts to “impose” the language on Tamil Nadu.
In her letter to Modi on Thursday, Jayalalitha said Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said the circular, amounting to “imposing Hindi”, had been initiated during the previous government.
She said the two institutions — Anna University and Alagappa University — had received the circular on September 16, 2014 where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in Law and Commerce streams also.
She said her party’s stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as ‘Zone C’, should only be in English, as mandates later.
“Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu,” she said.
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English “is not only unacceptable, but also against the law,” she said.
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
“I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them,” she said.

BJP MP blames Modi govt for bypoll defeat  backtracks laterPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:42 pm
Claiming that BJP lost the recent bypolls because the Narendra Modi government could not meet their expectations, a senior BJP MP on Thursday warned the government to improve its functioning.
Nand Kumar Sai, who represents Chhattisgarh in Rajya Sabha, told TV reporters in Bilaspur that the bypoll result is an attempt by the public to bring these deficiencies to our notice. Later, he denied ever making these comments.
“Mehngai theek nahi ho saka..Several things could not be done. There were so many expectations from the government…people probably think that the government has not done right things, so they have snatched (assembly) seats and tried to give a message to the government,” said Sai, who has been a Leader of Opposition in the Chhattisgarh Assembly.
Noting that public is constantly evaluating the government, he said:” Never think that you have finally done everything and are accepted by public…If public has given you (victory), public is also evaluating you… this decision (assembly result) is to bring to our notice all these things.” He, however, added that it should not be considered as the decline of “Modi magic”.
Later speaking to The Indian Express, he denied that he spoke about the assembly results. “I have never said anything like this. How can I?”
On ‘love jehad”, Sai said: “It is for Hindus to introspect why their girls are going with Muslims.”

Mortgage rates jump to 4-month-highMortgage rates jump to 4-month high
Mortgage rates
A for sale sign stands at a home in Washington, D.C.
A for sale sign stands at a home in Washington, D.C. (AFP/Getty Images)
Finance Mortgages Freddie Mac
Mortgage rates jump after weeks of stagnation
Average fixed mortgage interest rates had their biggest one-week jump of the year this week, bringing them to levels not seen since early May.
The increases followed several ho-hum weeks with rates little changed.
The average interest rate on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage this week was 4.23 percent, compared with 4.12 percent last week, according to Freddie Mac's weekly survey. A year ago, the rate on that mortgage was 4.5 percent.

Hema draws flak for Mathura widow commentsHema draws flak for Mathura widow comments
Masadool Hasan , Hindustan Times  Lucknow, September 18, 2014
First Published: 21:00 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:12 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Congress on Thursday sharply reacted to BJP MP from Mathura and film actress Hema Malini for her remarks against widows of West Bengal and Bihar living in Vrindavan-Mathura for a long time.
The Congress legislature party (CLP) leader Pradip Mathur, who represents Mathura constituency, said that Hema Malini’s comments about the stay of these widows in temple town was highly uncharitable. Pointing out that her statement had hurt religious feeling of the people, Mathur said these widows from West Bengal and Bihar had been living for a long time in Mathura as “devotees of Lord Krishna”.
Hema Malini during her visit to the constituency on Wednesday said that Vrindavan was overcrowded with around 40,000 widows and there was no need for more widows to come to Mathura. She said there were already good temples in West Bengal and Bihar, where they could stay. These widows in fact have been living in Mathura for a long time. Hema Malin also said that she would take up the issue with the chief ministers of
West Bengal and Bihar to stop widows’ influx in Mathura.
However Mathur said, “large-hearted people of Mathura have always given shelter and honoured these women staying in Vrindavan, Gokul and Radhakund.” He said several governmental and non-governmental organizations had been providing them sustenance. Mathur said Hema Malini should talk in country’s interest and keep away herself from such comments.
The UPCC spokesman RP Singh said that the BJP MP did not have knowledge of Indian culture and “Sanathan Dharma”. He said widows from various parts of the country had long been staying in Mathura and Varanasi as a part of their religious tradition. Pointing out that Hema Malini was also not from UP, Singh said she had insulted sadhvi widows. He said it was result of negative approach of the BJP towards women.
Mohini Giri, the chairperson of NGO Guild of Service, which runs Amar Bari ashram in Vrindavan, has said that this statement has "broken the heart" of thousands of widows who had many hopes from Hema.
"This is very insensitive statement. Why only widows are targeted. What is the dignity and status of a widow. We are not going to tolerate this," the veteran social activist said.
"Tomorrow someone will say that you are also widow and you are from Andhra so go back to your state. What will I do then? Is this we expect in our country. My widows are crying. They has a lot of hopes from Hema who is not able to understand their condition despite being a woman," she said.
The actress on Thursday defended her previous statement in a series of tweets, saying no one listened to her "actual interview" to the media.
"I haven't said anything that I should be ashamed of. I stand by my statement that they should be allowed to live with dignity. Sad state for a country once known for the respect shown to women. This is what I was trying to point out," she tweeted.
"It is traumatic to see these poor widows begging on the streets even for their daily existence. Have all of you ever witnessed their plight? Of course I intend doing what I can to improve their condition but Vrindavan has a space limitation too. State govt too should contribute," she added.
(With inputs from PTI)

Comment on CFPB Data Point study on checking account overdraftComments
By Todd Zywicki September 18
At the end of July, the CFPB released an interesting study on the use of overdraft protection by consumers. The study is here .
Michael Flores of Bretton Woods Consulting and I have just released a commentary on the CFPB’s study here .
Here’s the Abstract for our study:
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) released a data point update of its ongoing analyses of overdrafts. We review the report and provide commentary on its findings, methodology and the inferences of this update, specifically the potential to further restrict debit card overdrafts. We suggest metrics the CFPB should use in its future analyses to help provide a more thorough assessment of the costs and benefits of overdrafts. To this end, we cite findings from our previous and other third-party analyses. Finally, we recap the larger policy questions of access to credit, alternative sources of credit, and the economic benefit attained by the use of overdrafts. We hope to add positive feedback to the CFPB as they work toward potential regulations of overdrafts. As with the CFPB’s prior efforts, this report provides no basis for additional regulation of bank overdraft protection. Further research, however, is warranted.
As the reader can readily infer from our Abstract, our comment is aimed not so much at the Data Point study itself but any implication that the study provides a basis for further regulation.
In particular, there are three points from our comment that I think are worth noting.
The first — little known to most people — is that smaller banks, such as community banks, are much more heavily dependent on revenues from overdraft protection than larger banks. As we show (page 4) the smallest banks in the country are more than twice as dependent on overdraft fees as a source of revenues than large banks: 27 percent of bank income at smaller banks is generated by overdraft protection fees whereas only 12 percent at larger banks. I suspect that most readers would be surprised to know that (indeed I was surprised when I first learned that). Obviously what that means is that if CFPB takes steps that reduce overdraft revenue (either by reducing the number of permissible overdrafts or capping the fee that can be assessed), doing so will impact smaller banks much more adversely than large banks. One might nevertheless support such steps on the basis of overriding consumer protection rationales — however, if one’s motivation is to somehow stop abusive practices by large banks specifically, doing so will quite plainly have opposite effect.
Moreover, this would also have an important adverse impact on consumers. As Geoff Manne, Julian Morris, and I have noted , while large banks have sharply curtailed access to free checking as a result of the Durbin Amendment (from which smaller issuers are exempt), smaller banks have not (indeed, by some estimates, smaller banks may have actually increased free checking, at least for higher-income consumers). If, however, smaller banks were to take a large cut in overdraft fees, this would likely filter through to consumers as new bank fees, higher minimum balance requirements, and/or reductions in bank services. As we noted in our analysis of the CFPB’s Overdraft Protection White Paper , one bank that provided us data reported that 63 percent of its low-balance free checking customers (average balance of less than $250) paid no overdraft fees in 2012. Curtailing overdraft protection would likely result in these consumers (who are likely disproportionately low-income) facing either higher minimum balance requirement or new monthly fees, likely causing many of them to lose their banks accounts entirely.
Second — and probably surprising to most readers as well — there is no evidence that the actual use of overdraft protection is disproportionately among low income consumers. As Michael and I report (page 7), “While … many low-income consumers are beneficiaries of free checking, there is no indication that usage of overdraft protection has regressive effects. For example, an analysis of a regional  community bank in Texas indicates that after geocoding its accounts, approximately 70 percent of overdraft users are classified as either upper income (30 percent) or middle income (40 percent) and 30 percent of active users represent moderate income (27 percent) or low income users (3 percent).” This is consistent with prior research (which I summarize here ) that finds that usage of overdraft protection is correlated with credit score but that, after controlling for customer risk, there is no statistical relationship between use of overdraft protection and income. While many might be surprised by this finding, those who know the history of this product may be less so — after all, overdraft protection started as a discretionary program offered by banks to high-income customers who mismanaged their finances or were temporarily illiquid. Overdraft protection, therefore, started as a benefit to high-income consumers but as a result of automated overdraft protection programs has filtered down to ordinary bank customers. But obviously it still retains a significant customer foothold among higher-income consumers.
Third, we emphasize as we have previously, before the CFPB takes steps to reduce access to overdraft protection it must consider the costs of alternatives for consumers. Consumers who use overdraft protection frequently overwhelmingly report that they have poor credit and limited credit choices. For most frequent users of overdraft protection, payday lending is the most likely alternative, which can be less expensive or more expensive depending on the situation. In addition, we stress that a rigorous economic analysis would consider all of the costs of overdraft protection and alternatives — for example, while other products such as payday loans may sometimes be less expensive in pure dollars, that calculation excludes the full cost, such as the “shoe leather” costs of acquiring a payday loan or the value of immediate access to a funds advance when one is buying diapers at the grocery store in the middle of the night or dealing with a car breakdown after hours. Until it is determined what will actually happen to consumers who currently rely on payday lending if access is curtailed, we cannot be certain that consumers will be made better off.
Having said all that, I encourage those who are interested in the topic to read the Data Point study. I understand the purpose of the CFPB’s Data Point project to simply provide useful research and data analysis and to eschew any policy recommendations or implications in the document itself. In that, I think the economists at the CFPB have done exactly that.
Update: Apparently the original link to the study was broken. It should be fixed now.

The Heritage Guide to the Constitution  Second EditionBy Will Baude September 18
It would have been more appropriate to post this last Wednesday, on Constitution Day, but I was one of those “law professors … crisscrossing in the sky or at airport terminals” to speak at a Constitution Day event. In any event, I thought readers might be interested to know that the Heritage Guide to the Constitution has just released a second edition , heavily revised after ten years.
The Guide provides scholarly commentary on the meaning and history of each clause of the Constitution, though the goal of the whole project is to be more descriptive than didactic. Here’s a release presentation about what has changed in the past ten years. The most important change from my own point of view is that I wrote the second edition’s entry for the Takings Clause. My entry begins:
Considering its modern importance, the original purpose of the Takings Clause is surprisingly obscure. Most provisions of the Bill of Rights were requested in some form as the states ratified the original Constitution. But the Takings Clause was not. Representative James Madison added it for unexplained reasons as he sifted through the requested amendments to propose a slate of them. There were a few historical precedents for the Clause. The Northwest Ordinance contained a just-compensation requirement. Two colonial charters and two state constitutions had such a requirement as well. Other states sometimes provided just compensation by custom or due process. But there was virtually no recorded discussion about the Takings Clause itself. …
And here is the beginning of my discussion of the “public use” requirement, most famously at issue in Kelo:
The Takings Clause has also long been held to require that the taking be “for public use.” In other words, it must not take property from one person and give it to another for purely private gain. As a purely textual matter, the Clause is ambiguous about such a requirement. It is possible to read the Clause as simply describing the conditions under which property will be taken. Indeed, one might say that the enumerated powers doctrine independently requires all federal takings to be for a public use, and hence that any federal taking that is within the enumerated powers is necessarily one for public use. One could also read the Clause as limiting compensation to takings for public use, while providing no compensation if the taking is for private use.
The conventional wisdom, however, is to read the Takings Clause as containing an independent public use requirement. This avoids rendering the “public use” phrase redundant, and avoids the strange result of leaving takings for private interest without compensation. It is also the view taken by many state courts throughout the 19th Century, in the course of interpreting their own state constitutional law. As with the regulatory takings doctrine, it is possible that the original meaning of the 14th Amendment incorporates a public use requirement against the states even if the Fifth Amendment was not originally understood to apply it against the federal government.
(A lot of other exciting new authors have come on board for other clauses.)
At the moment the second edition is only available in hard-copy . The first edition, however, is available as a free online resource . I don’t know whether and when the second edition will be online.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Turning over a new leafUpdated: September 18, 2014 21:05 IST
Turning over a new leaf
Athira M.
The Hindu Jagadish in a still from the movie Jalamsham
The Hindu Actor Jagadish
The Hindu Filmmaker M. P. Sukumaran Nair
TOPICS
Malayalam cinema
Actor Jagadish hopes to challenge the actor in him with meatier roles.
You have seen him hit the highs and lows of comedy on the big screen during the last 30 years. In between there were those one or two films that tapped his potential as an actor, occasions when he didn’t have to look dim-witted on screen. But, Jagadish isn’t complaining. And he has now reached a point in his career where he realises that he has to reinvent himself. All thanks to his role in Jalamsham, scripted and directed by M.P. Sukumaran Nair.
The movie explores the socio-political changes in Kerala over a period of time. Jagadish’s character, Kunjukunju, is a farmer and father of three girls. He cultivates on leased land, but is caught in the political turmoil of the time and ends up as a murderer. The movie also explores his relationships with three women – Soshakutty, his wife, Savithri, his landlord, and Karumbi, a resilient peasant.
“It has always been my dream to work with committed filmmakers. So, when Sukumaran Nair sir offered me the role, I didn’t want to miss out on the opportunity. I give him the credit for moulding me as Kunjukunju. It is the non-linear narrative in the movie that impressed me the most. The film unfolds through the memories of different characters. So, it is definitely a challenge for the viewer. The role was challenging for me because Kunjukunju is a complex man. Even when he is a loving father and toils hard, he gets into relationships with two other women and fathers their children. And he has his justification for everything,” Jagadish says.
Now that he has explored a new phase of his career, he can’t wait to do more. “I came into films from theatre. Had I started my career with a film by G. Aravindan or Adoor, people wouldn’t have billed me as a comedian. But the film that gave me a break was Odaruthammava Alariyaam, an out-and-out entertainer. So, it was natural for me to get compartmentalised as a comedian, which I have little complaints about,” he says.
He believes that adaptability has been his strong point. He fitted with ease into the slot of the hero’s side-kick or into those blink-and-you-miss roles.
But in the present scenario, comedians aren’t integral to Malayalam cinema. “Earlier, the hero always used to have a friend who created the laughs. But it is different now. Any character can do the same thing. For me, comedy is not about packing in a lot of jokes. It should be something intelligent and informative as well,” he says.
An actor who knows the pulse of Malayalam cinema, he is all praise for the plethora of new talent.
“I just love the change that is happening and wish I could be part of it. But, I think they are not casting me because of my appearance. They are not sure whether I would be able to pull off the role of an aged or a serious character. I hope that outlook changes after Jalamsham. Now all I want to do is at least a couple of meaningful roles a year and I am ready to do any sacrifice for that. After all, I am not young any more!”
So, how old is he? “Well, let me put it this way. I am a five-year-old girl’s grandfather!” he signs off with a smile.
Social commentary
Award-winning filmmaker M.P. Sukumaran Nair is happy to have experimented with a different narrative style in Jalamsham. “In real life, thoughts flood our minds in a fragmented way. So I replicated that in my movie which is not just about Kunjukunju. It has its political and social undercurrents which are told through the character of Kunjukunju,” he says.
Choosing Jagadish for the lead role wasn’t a gamble, he says. “There are a lot of actors who haven’t got the chance to prove their potential. I am happy to have given such opportunities for actors such as Babu Antony, Kalpana and Jagathy Sreekumar in my films. In the case of Jagadish, the only thing I was quite apprehensive about was how he would look on screen as an aged man. He is one actor who doesn’t look old in spite of his age. However, we could pull it off with great success,” he says. The movie has Manju Pillai, Indrans and Alencier in the cast.

Book on Narendra Modi s life to come out in NovemberSep 18, 2014 at 09:23pm IST
Book on Narendra Modi's life to come out in November
5
0
New Delhi: A book chronicling Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rise in politics as well as other aspects of his life will hit book stores in November.
The book -- "Narendra Modi: a Charismatic and Visionary Statesman" -- has been authored jointly by Adish C Aggarwal and Sarah J Marchington.
To be released on November 15, the book is being published by UK Publishers and Distributors Ltd, London.
The book -- "Narendra Modi: a Charismatic and Visionary Statesman" -- has been authored jointly by Adish C Aggarwal and Sarah J Marchington.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

NCP s demand for 144 seats in Maharashtra polls justified  says Ajit PawarSep 18, 2014 at 09:18pm IST
NCP's demand for 144 seats in Maharashtra polls justified, says Ajit Pawar
8
0
Mumbai: Justifying his demand for equal seat sharing, Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Thursday said that past mistakes will not be repeated if NCP emerges as the single-largest party, as it did in 2004 assembly polls.
To a question on whether he would be the chief ministerial candidate, he told reporters that elected MLAs of the party would decide on their leader. In 2004, NCP emerged as the single-largest party with 71 seats but ceded the chief ministerial post to ally Congress in return for two additional cabinet and three ministers of state.
Pawar said that if NCP gets to form the government it would scrap toll levy and decision making would be faster. Referring to Congress MLA Prashant Thakur quitting the party to join BJP over the issue of Kharghar toll plaza, Pawar lamented that a young political activist like Prashant quit over this issue.
In 2004, NCP emerged as the single-largest party with 71 seats but ceded the chief ministerial post to ally Congress in return for two additional cabinet and three ministers of state.
#ncp #ajit pawar #bjp #sharad pawar
"40 per cent of the state population pass through the Khargar toll to come to Mumbai. I was in favour of the scrapping of the toll but Cidco and MMRDA would need to pay Rs 1200 cr to the government.. It was not a big deal but chief minister did not agree," he said.
Pawar said that the NCP demand for 144 seats was justified. "It is a practical demand. Earlier, formulas were worked out on the basis of previous election results. So according to the latest Lok Sabha poll result we deserve equal sharing. There is no headway in Congress-NCP talks so far, he said.
"Congress has rejected our demand for equal seats. We are hopeful that intervention of Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi will help to resolve the deadlock," he said.
0

Bypoll defeat will lead BJP-RSS to focus more on communal polarisation: CPM5
0
New Delhi: Poor performance of BJP-led NDA in successive assembly by-elections would eventually lead the BJP-RSS combine to focus more on the core Hindutva agenda of communal polarisation, CPI(M) has warned.
"Of the 50 assembly seats that went to the polls in these three rounds of by-elections across various states in the country, the BJP-led NDA managed to win a mere 18 seats compared to the 35 assembly segments in which it had a significant lead in the 2014 general elections," senior CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said on Thursday.
"Even in comparison to the earlier round of assembly elections in these states, there is a sharp decline," he observed in an editorial in the upcoming issue of party organ 'People's Democracy'. Alleging that the BJP-RSS combine was pursuing "forked tongue politics" of a diabolic agenda, Yechury said that it spoke of development, Gujarat model or 'achche din' (good days), but the "real methodology for reaping electoral benefits" was to sharpen communal polarisation and violence.
"Even in comparison to the earlier round of assembly elections in these states, there is a sharp decline," senior CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said.
#bjp #rss #cpm #sitaram yechury
"These successive rounds of defeats in by-elections are clearly leading to the consolidation of returning to the hardcore Hindutva agenda as the only sustainable basis for the RSS-BJP's continued governance in national politics. This spells disaster for our modern secular democratic republic of India," the CPI(M) leader said.
Yechury asked the people to understand "this danger that must be squarely met by defeating the communal forces and thus rejecting the RSS vision of converting our secular democratic republic into their version of a rabidly intolerant fascistic 'Hindu rashtra'.
In a similar vein, CPI mouthpiece 'New Age' also said in an editorial that "communal polarisation has helped BJP to reap the harvest" in the recent assembly by-elections. "The disenchantment of the masses with Narendra Modi-led NDA is gaining ground," the New Age editorial said. It said that the process started with the total rout of the BJP in by-elections to three assembly segments in Uttarakhand.
This was followed by "similar results" from various states like Bihar, Karnataka, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh where too BJP lost sitting seats. In the latest round when bypolls were held for 33 assembly and three parliamentary seats spread over ten states, BJP could retain only ten of the 24 seats it was holding earlier, the CPI organ said.
1

Government has no power to intervene in GCA s affairsSep 18, 2014 at 09:59pm IST
'Government has no power to intervene in GCA's affairs'
7
0
Panaji: The faction supporting Goa Cricket Association's president Vinod Phadke on Thursday questioned the state government' intervention in its affairs.
"The government has no role to play in GCA. GCA is not accepting any funds from the government. It is not aided by the government in any way. So where is the question of de-recognition?" said GCA's legal adviser GT Kirtani, accompanied by Phadke, at a press conference.
The state government recently issued a notice to GCA, threatening to withdraw its recognition for failing to implement recommendations of Justice Pendse commission which probed ticket sale scam during a 2001 India-Australia match.
The Goa government recently issued a notice to GCA, threatening to withdraw its recognition for failing to implement recommendations of Justice Pendse commission which probed ticket sale scam during a 2001 India-Australia match.
#goa #goa government #gca #gt kirtani
The commission had recommended that Phadke should not be allowed to be a part of GCA's affairs. The government's notice has divided GCA in two factions: One backing Phadke and another demanding his ouster.
Kirtani said that the state government cannot even appoint administrator to GCA, as it was being threatened. "If it had powers to appoint administrator, don't you think it would have done it by now?" he said.
He also pointed out that while the Pendse commission had submitted its recommendations in 2002, the state cabinet refused to accept them in 2005. "After 12 years, government is using the recommendations to oust the president," he said.
GCA secretary Chetan Desai, a Phadke supporter, said the managing committee in its meeting on September 3 took no decision about taking away Phadke's powers. "The resolution was drafted after the meeting....It has no legal standing."
In the meanwhile, 11 out of the 15 members of GCA's managing committee on Thursday passed a resolution empowering vice president Shekhar Salkar to represent the body at the meeting of BCCI's working committee on September 26.
2

CBI registers case against DGCA officialSep 18, 2014 at 09:47pm IST
CBI registers case against DGCA official
4
0
New Delhi: CBI has registered a case of graft against the Joint Director General of aviation regulator DGCA for allegedly giving extension to a flying school in Bilaspur on the basis of irregular documents.
CBI has registered a case of alleged corruption against Joint Director General AK Saran, the then senior pilot, DGCA (since retired) Binodini Devi; the then Airport Controller, AAI, Raipur Prakash Shambharkar; and Delhi-based private company Sai Flytech Aviation Pvt Limited.
"It was alleged that officials of DGCA and AAI in conspiracy with the said private company (a AME training company) have misused their official position in grant of approval to the private company for starting a flying training school at Bilaspur. This act was followed by repeated extensions being given to the institute in violation of rules and provisions," CBI spokesperson said on Thursday.
"This act was followed by repeated extensions being given to the institute in violation of rules and provisions," CBI spokesperson said.
She said that searches were conducted today at the residential and office premises of the accused at Mumbai, Delhi and Faridabad, which led to the recovery of incriminating documents.
0

News 360: PM Modi raises border issue with Chinese President XiAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Maoist with Rs 4 lakh reward on his head killed in encounterPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:18 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 10:20 pm
A Maoist with Rs 4 lakh cash reward on his on his head was killed in an encounter by police in Malkangiri district on Wednesday night.
Officials in Malkangiri Police department said, the exchange of fire took place last night in the forest area near Madkapadar village after the Maoists opened fire at police. Soon after the Maoists retreated, police found the body of Erra Madkami alias Sundhi Dalai, a local area committee member in Gumma area of Malkangiri as well as member of the Andhra Orissa Border of Special Zonal Committee of Maoists.
Police also recovered a sten gun, two rifles, some ammunition, kit bags and Maoist literature at the site.
Early this month, the Koraput and Malkangiri Police in a joint raid had destroyed a Maoist camp inside a forest at Majhiguda under Boipariguda police station of Koraput district. Police sources said the Maoist group involved in the encounter on Wednesday night was the same that they had engaged earlier this month.
At the Boipariguda camp, police seized an SLR rifle and a pistol.

Australian police foil ISIS beheading plot  15 heldAbbott was asked about reports that the detainees were planning to behead a random person in Sydney.
AP | Sydney | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:55 pm
Police said they thwarted a plot to carry out beheadings in Australia by supporters of the radical Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) group by detaining 15 people and raiding more than a dozen properties across Sydney on Thursday.
The raids involving 800 federal and state police officers — the largest in the country’s history — came in response to intelligence that an ISIS leader in the Middle East was calling on Australian supporters to kill, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said.
Abbott was asked about reports that the detainees were planning to behead a random person in Sydney. “That’s the intelligence we received,” he told reporters. “The exhortations — quite direct exhortations — were coming from an Australian who is apparently quite senior in ISIL (or ISIS) to networks of support back in Australia to conduct demonstration killings here in this country.”
“This is not just suspicion, this is intent and that’s why the police and security agencies decided to act in the way they have,” Abbott said.
The raids came just days after the country raised its terrorism threat to the second-highest level in response to the domestic threat posed by ISIS supporters. At the time, Abbott stressed that there was no information suggesting a terror attack was imminent.
Later Thursday, Attorney General George Brandis confirmed that a person born in Afghanistan who had spent time in Australia and is now working with the ISIS in the Middle East ordered supporters in Australia to behead people and videotape the killings. “If the … police had not acted today, there is a likelihood that this would have happened,” Brandis told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
Abbott and Brandis did not name the Australian. But Mohammad Ali Baryalei, who is believed to be Australia’s most senior member of the ISIS, was named as a co-conspirator in court documents filed on Thursday. Police have issued an arrest warrant for the 33-year-old former Sydney nightclub bouncer.
One of those detained, 22-year-old Omarjan Azari of Sydney, appeared briefly in a Sydney court on Thursday. Prosecutor Michael Allnutt said Azari was involved in a plan to “gruesomely” kill a randomly selected person — something that was “clearly designed to shock and horrify” the public. That plan involved an “unusual level of fanaticism”, he said.
Azari is charged with conspiracy to prepare for a terrorist attack. The potential penalty was not immediately clear. In court documents, Azari was accused of conspiring with Baryalei and others between May and September to prepare for a terrorist attack. Allnutt said the charge stemmed from the interception of a phone call a couple days ago.
Azari did not apply for bail and did not enter a plea. His next court appearance was set for November 13. His attorney, Steve Boland, said during the hearing that continued…

SC questions govt on CVC selection: What happened to transparencyThe bench, however, observed that the guidelines may not meet the legislative objective of ensuring transparency in selection.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:53 pm
Days after it pushed a new law to scrap collegium system of judges’ appointment citing lack of transparency, the government got a taste of its own medicine on Thursday when the Supreme Court questioned its move to appoint Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) through an “in-house” selection panel that was prone to nepotism and keeping good talent out.
“The problem is that every system which is confined to in-house procedure for appointments, the criticism has all along been about lack of transparency. If transparency is the hallmark of the selection process and if an existing system is criticised on this ground, why should it not be followed by you?” a bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha said.
The bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman, said: “India is a country with a huge pool of talent. The public now demands transparency. Sunlight is not reaching a common man residing in one remote corner of the country like this. Why do you deprive him of the sunlight? How will an extremely talented man become visible without the sunlight?”
The court told Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi that howsoever big or small an institution be, the criticism right now seemed to be about transparency and if that is so, the government should set its own house in order.
“Criticism has been about lack of transparency and hence nepotism, favouritism and good talent being kept out. If that is the criticism, why not make every system more transparent?” said the bench.
The court was adjudicating a PIL by NGO ‘Centre for Integrity, Governance and Training in Vigilance Administration’. Questioning the selection process for the post of CVC and a Vigilance Commissioner, the NGO had sought a stay on the appointments. It cited the July 21 letter issued by the Secretary, Department of Personnel and Training, to other Secretaries in the government to recommend names for the posts. The plea stated that only bureaucrats were going to be considered for appointment.
Rohatgi, while assuring the court that the government will not make any appointment till the issue is decided, sought to defend the system, contending that it was not practical to make public advertisements for all such positions and that the selection was being made as per the guidelines framed three years ago.
The bench, however, observed that the guidelines may not meet the legislative objective of ensuring transparency in selection. It said the power seemed to have been given to the Secretaries to decide who should be considered and if they chose not to sponsor a name, a person, irrespective of his competence, would never be considered.
“You have restricted the selection but we want the legislative policy to be effectively and objectively implemented. You have also said no application shall be entertained if it is sent directly. So a person’s application sent independently will never get addressed. Also, there continued…

PM Modi to Launch  Make in India  Campaign; Several Global Companies to AttendIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the 'Make in India' campaign here next week at a mega function that will be attended by about a thousand global and domestic business leaders.
"On September 25, the Prime Minister will launch the Make in India programme," Power Minister Piyush Goyal said.
According to officials, several top global companies from countries including the US, Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France are likely to attend the function.
It is expected that PM Modi would announce some major incentives for corporates setting up manufacturing hubs in the country.
In his Independence Day address, PM Modi had invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'come, make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be telecast live in Indian embassies in countries in similar time zone as that of India.
The officials also said that prospective investors will be informed about India's growth story and the steps being taken by the government to improve investment climate here.
The move is aimed at generating huge employment, boosting trade and spurring economic growth.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:28 (IST)

New Twists in NFL Domestic Violence CrisisSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.org - West Coast Sea Nettles
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Fritz Hahn and Lavanya Ramanathanfritz hahn and lavanya ramanathan
