This Is Where I Leave YouComments
The Altman family has not been together in years. But when the father dies, the whole clan is expected to fulfill his final wish and sit Shiva for him for an entire week. "This is Where I Leave You" releases Friday. (Warner Bros. Pictures)
By Ann Hornaday September 18 Follow @AnnHornaday
When you’re making a comedy about a dysfunctional family, shouldn’t it at least pass a simple genetics test?
“ This Is Where I Leave You ,” a misanthropic misfire adapted from Jonathan Tropper’s novel of the same name, wants viewers to believe many things, among them that even the most petty, bickering examples of bourgeois entitlement can be redeemed by pat third-act resolutions, and that “It’s complicated” passes for nuanced dialogue.
But perhaps its biggest stretch is demanding that the audience take seriously the notion that Jane Fonda, Corey Stoll, Jason Bateman and Tina Fey could ever be taken for blood relations. And that motley tableau doesn’t even include Adam Driver, the scene-stealer from “ Girls ” who in this bland, tonally incoherent large-format sitcom resembles less a member of the misbegotten family than a being beamed in from another universe.
Then again, at least Driver — who plays the black sheep of the Altman clan, gathered in suburban New York to sit shiva for their recently deceased patriarch — injects some unpredictable, and thereby remotely believable, energy into “This Is Where I Leave You,” which rounds so many formulaic bases that it might as well come with a handout punch card. Director Shawn Levy — perpetrator of “ Night at the Museum ” and other obvious, starchily paced comedies — clearly has no idea what to do with an ensemble of actors possessed of proven comic chops and bravura performances, here cast adrift on a continually ebbing tide of tight-lipped asides, strident outbursts and un-funny business having to do with a toilet-training toddler and the sex lives of the Altman siblings.
In the case of Judd Altman, the sex life in question is actually his wife’s: When he surprises her at home on her birthday, holding an elaborately decorated cake with lit candles, the payoff will be painfully obvious even to someone coming in late from the concession stand. Bateman, playing Judd with the cuckold’s signature mix of bitterness and self-pity, evinces none of the superb timing or flickering deadpan wit that made him such a brilliant foil for the darkly zany antics of “ Arrested Development ,” which, when it comes to dysfunctional families, only invites invidious comparison and longing speculation about whether it’s still available on Netflix.
1 of 59

http://usat.ly/1BWqTHaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
America's 50 best cities to live in
Based on a range of variables, including crime rates, employment growth, educational attainment, and housing affordability, 24/7 Wall St. identified America's 50 best cities to live.
Post to Facebook
America's 50 best cities to live in Based on a range of variables, including crime rates, employment growth, educational attainment, and housing affordability, 24/7 Wall St. identified America's 50 best cities to live. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1s6hyvg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
25
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
America's 50 best cities to live in
Alexander Kent, Ashley C. Allen, Alexander E. M. Hess, Robert Serenbetz, Thomas Frohlich, 24/7 Wall St. 12:55 a.m. EDT September 18, 2014
An MV-22B Osprey aircraft flies in view of  downtown Bellevue, Wash.
(Photo: Elaine Thompson, AP)
34985 CONNECT 893 TWEET 492 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When choosing where to live, Americans consider a variety of factors. For some, the quality of schools is important. For others, the strength of the local economy or personal safety takes priority.
To determine America's best cities to live in, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed data on the 550 areas measured by the U.S. Census Bureau with populations of 65,000 or more.
Based on a range of variables, including crime rates, employment growth, educational attainment, and housing affordability, 24/7 Wall St. identified America's 50 best cities to live.
SPECIAL REPORT: The 50 best cities in America to live in and how they were chosen
Because of its importance, the labor market was one of the key measures we used to identify the best cities. In order to be considered, a city needed positive employment growth between 2011 and 2013 and an unemployment rate of no more than 9.8%, roughly one-third higher than the national rate last year.
We also measured the availability of certain amenities. According to Daren Blomquist, vice president of RealtyTrac, access to outdoor activities, beautiful parks and sports clubs "are the type of amenities that often will set apart certain communities from others."
Many of the best cities are located near major cities, as this proximity provides residents with access to good schools and safe neighborhoods, while also allowing them to enjoy the amenities available in the nearby larger cities.
However, none of America's largest cities were among the nation's best places to live. Nearly all of these had crime rates that automatically excluded them from consideration. Additionally, more than half of these cities had poverty rates above 21.1%, or 33% above the national average, making them ineligible.
Here are the top 5 of America's best cities to live in:
5. Evanston, Illinois

http://usat.ly/1mpgFeUOhio creator of Slush Puppies dead at age 74
Will Radcliff built a multimillion-dollar global business from flavored, icy drinks.
Post to Facebook
Ohio creator of Slush Puppies dead at age 74 Will Radcliff built a multimillion-dollar global business from flavored, icy drinks. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uk6JC5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ohio creator of Slush Puppies dead at age 74
Dan Sewell, The Associated Press 3:31 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
Hawaiian Shave Ice
449 CONNECT 24 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CINCINNATI (AP) — Will Radcliff, who built a multimillion-dollar global business from flavored, icy Slush Puppie drinks, has died in Cincinnati. He was 74.
His daughter DeeAnn Radcliff Harmon said Radcliff died Thursday in hospice care after his health declined following a recent fall.
Radcliff was a natural salesman who once peddled vacuum cleaners door-to-door and earned a six-figure income from selling peanuts.
"He had a bigger-than-life personality," his daughter said Friday. "He could sell anything to anybody."
Radcliff had spotted a slush machine at a 1970 Chicago trade show and saw the possibilities of icy sweet drinks that could be made for a few pennies. He thought the sound of icy crystals hitting the cup, the smell and taste of flavorings and the texture pleased all the senses.
The family story goes that he, sister Phyllis and their mother, Thelma, sat on a front porch drinking beer and writing down possible names on a brown paper bag before agreeing that Slush Puppie was the best candidate. It would become represented by a toboggan-wearing, floppy-eared dog.
Cherry, grape, orange and lemon-lime were among the earliest flavors. Sales boomed and business spread, with Slush Puppie machines becoming a staple in many convenience stores. Distributorships from Australia to Africa made Slush Puppie global, and London-based Cadbury Schweppes bought the Slush Puppie Company in 2001.
Radcliff also had a frozen cocktail business, among other business operations.
Harmon said her father's first regular job was shining shoes at a country club, and he later kept a vow to return to the club someday as a member.
Radcliff owned a 4,000-acre ranch in Umatilla, Fla., and worked for land conservation amid central Florida's growth, his daughter said. He had a Lear jet he piloted himself many times, she said.
She said he had many favorite sayings that guided his life, such as "Where there's a will, there's a way," ''If it ain't fun, to hell with it," and "Once you break through the clouds, it's always sunny."
Willard Lawson Radcliff was born in Dayton, Ky. He is survived by his daughter, son Chris Radcliff, a brother and sister, and four grandchildren. Mueller Funeral Home of Mason, Ohio, is handling arrangements.
Contact the reporter at http://www.twitter.com/dansewell
449 CONNECT 24 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uk6JC5
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

Qaeda Tunisia offshoot offers backing toISPrint
Agence-France Presse | Tunis | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:07 pm
An Al-Qaeda-linked Tunisian group has offered backing to the Islamic State organisation that has overrun chunks of Iraq and Syria, becoming the third jihadist group to do so this week, a US-based monitor says.
Okba Ibn Nafaa, whose militants Tunisian armed forces have been hunting in mountains near the Algerian border for two
years, has identified itself with Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, the international jihadist network’s North African branch.
On Tuesday, AQIM and the Yemen-based Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) urged jihadists in Iraq and Syria to unite against the common threat from a US-led coalition assembled to fight IS.
“The mujahedeen brothers in the Okba Ibn Nafaa Brigade from… (Tunisia) are supporting, endorsing, and strongly sustaining the State of the Islamic Caliphate,” the group said, quoted by SITE Intelligence Group late yesterday.
“They are urging it to move forward in breaking the borders and crushing the thrones of the tyrants everywhere,” SITE quoted a statement on Facebook as saying.
The Tunisian army accused the jihadists in July of killing 15 soldiers in the restive border region in the bloodiest day in the army’s history.
Several weeks before that, the group claimed an attack on the home of the interior minister.
Since the 2011 revolution that toppled dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, Tunisia has faced a resurgence in activity by jihadists, who were among Islamist groups suppressed by the previous regime.

DG-AIR in touch with stations through radio conferencingradio
All India Radio (AIR) has started a radio conferencing facility which will help its Director General connect with officials at its stations across the country and address them on professional and administrative issues simultaneously at a fixed time.
The first such radio conferencing was successfully done on September 18 where the AIR Director General addressed all stations and interacted with programme and engineering heads of stations on matters of professional and administrative importance.
“AIR has started radio conferencing from its headquarters covering all stations of AIR network throughout the country including Indian Islands.
“This enables the AIR Director General and other senior officers to address all AIR stations simultaneously at a fixed time on any day from their chambers,” an official statement said.
In future, this facility is proposed to be utilized extensively by the Director General for speedy implementation of time-bound schemes, the statement said.
The facility has been extended simultaneously to all stations using AIR’s in-house networking facility at captive earth station New Broadcasting House in New Delhi.
“Distribution is through satellite INSAT- 3C and/or GSAT 10 which are being used by AIR for its radio networking all over the country through 32 earth stations and over 200 receive stations spread over length and breadth of India including Andaman and Lakshadweep Islands,” the statement said.
Facilities of interactions have also been created in state capitals and some other important cities. Officials of these stations can interact with the DG using any device like landline telephone, mobile phone or AIR’s own dedicated captive distribution chain, the statement added.

Tendulkar donates relief materials for flood-affected peopleTendulkar donates relief materials for flood-affected people
No new proposal from Shiv Sena  says BJP on seat sharing rowComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

The modern-era bicycle diariesA boy on his way to school by riding cycle in monkey style on the outskirts of Pedana town in Krishna district.
TOPICS
human interest
Funky or old, they’re fun
During one of those post-lunch walks I chanced upon a bicycle showroom. The store boys were quite active for that time of the day. They were selling a specialised brand of these…er.. manually-powered two-wheel vehicles, called bicycles once upon a time in India, being fashionably but deceptively addressed as bikes now. Whatever we may wish to call them, even now it is we who have to pedal these machines to make them ambulate over the road surface.
In the showroom, there was not a single model of such vehicles priced below Rs.10,000, inclusive of all taxes and the two pre-fitted “tires”. There was a rainbow of accessories ranging from chic tool kits to fuzzy helmets to designer gloves.
I was led to recall the first time I rode a cycle on my own — without my father or anyone holding it and running along with me. During those days there used to be bicycle repair shops. Those guys there made lots of money from punctured tyres (not tires) and seat cover replacements and new dynamos and bells and carriers.
They also made money renting out assorted bicycles of varied colours and heights to little kids and teenage girls, who were eager to tame these interesting vehicles. Many years back, I too was one of those kids (obviously). It was a tiny 2 or 3-footer, and my Eureka! moment was when I came down a slope accidentally. The first bicycle “selfie” (riding a bicycle on one’s own, without parental guidance) brings immense joy, as it meant you are a part of that elite, independent, laterally mobile group empowered to roam freely.
It also meant that you need not ride monkey-pedal anymore. But this changeover always came with its own set of injuries and scars.
I am not sure how it is in these days of unisex salons, but during my times the frames of the bicycles were distinct for the boys’ and the girls’ models. The girls’ model did not have the top, horizontal tube of the triangular frame that ran across the seat and the handle bar. And even when there is no other option but to use a bicycle, the boys preferred walking to riding those girls’ bicycles.
Bicycles also provided enough training in breaking locks that would prove to be very useful during hostel life. Though there was always enough enthusiasm and sometimes tough competition to have the best key chains for one’s bicycle keys, invariably one lost the key at least once in his bicycle career. (It is always “his”). Then you go around searching for that stone to free your cycle.
We had a black Hercules at home that was bought some 50 years ago. My father recalls, it came with the number HG 2013, for a price of Rs. 208; the accessories were stand, seat cover, bell, carrier, and dynamo set. It was the year 1967.
Morning rides to the school were frenetic, to avoid standing outside the school gates, but the return trips were filled with gossip and cricket plans.
In spite of the funky carbon fibre helmets and fluorescent jerseys, I think one can have such petty fun and sweet troubles even while riding a specialised bike.
sundar.rajan@gmail.com

Will pursue case of perjury against Prashant Bhushan  says CBI Director s lawyerWill pursue case of perjury against Prashant Bhushan  says CBI Director s lawyer
Medvedev slams EU sanctions against Russian banksMedvedev slams EU sanctions against Russian banks
Condoms  too small  for Uganda men  fight against AIDS has a new hurdleCondoms 'too small' for Uganda men, fight against AIDS has a new hurdle
AFP
print
Ugandan MPs have been inundated with complaints that many condoms on sale in the east African nation are too small, warning the problem is a blow to the fight against AIDS.
Insisting that one size doesn't fit all, MP Tom Aza said Uganda's Parliamentary Committee for HIV/AIDS said a recent tour of areas worst hit by the virus revealed that some men "have bigger sexual organs and therefore should be considered for bigger condoms."
"When it comes to action, when they're having sexual activity, of course with the pressure, it bursts," he told NTV Uganda.
"Some youth are complaining that the condoms they are being given, some of them are too short, their organs can't fit in them," MP Merard Bitekyerezo also told the channel.
Another committee member, Sarah Netalisile, said the size issue was "exposing our younger boys and girls, and all those users of condoms, to the acquiring of HIV and AIDS."
NTV Uganda's report said the MPs would push for better condom supplies and bigger sizes.
It is not the first time the penis size issue has been raised to condom manufacturers.
In 2006, the Indian Council of Medical Research found 60% of men in Mumbai had penises at least 2.4 centimeters (one inch) shorter than international condom sizes, and that for 30% of men, the size deficit was five centimeters (two inches).
AIDS is seen as being resurgent in Uganda after years of decline, with as many as 80,000 people dying of the disease every year.
From a peak of 18% infected in 1992, Uganda's "ABC" strategy -- Abstinence, Be faithful, Condom -- helped slash rates to 6.4% in 2005.
But rates have crept back up to 7.2% in 2012. As many as 1.8 million people in the country now live with HIV, and a million children have been orphaned after their parents died of AIDS.

Xi-Modi chemistry fails to alter border mathComments
The visible chemistry between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese president Xi Jinping during the latter’s visit to India last week has failed to alter the arithmetic along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), with no end in sight to the festering border dispute in the sensitive Ladakh sector.
Diplomatic niceties with China have not lessened rising tensions along the LAC in Chumar area where more than 1,000 Indian and Chinese soldiers remain caught in a confrontation, which is reminiscent of last year’s bitter three-week standoff between the two armies in the windswept Depsang flats.
A government source said the Indian Army was prepared for a long haul in an area known as ‘30R’ and would move in more reinforcements if the Chinese People’s Liberation Army made attempts to escalate the situation.
With two flag meetings between Indian and Chinese commanders failing to end the border impasse last week, the Indian Army appears to be in no mood to make a third attempt anytime soon to defuse the crisis. However, efforts are on through diplomatic channels to press for an early resolution to the dispute.
“Diplomacy is not instant coffee. It works in ways that it is difficult for the people who are not engaged with it to perceive and understand what is happening,” external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said in response to a question on the 10-day standoff.
Tensions escalated in Chumar --- a flashpoint in the border feud with China --- on September 10 when Indian forces found that Chinese troops had deployed heavy machinery to construct a temporary road inside what India considers to be its territory. The Chinese PLA has a tendency to ratchet up tensions along the undefined border ahead of top-level visits.
Initially, about 400 Indian and Chinese soldiers were involved in the faceoff, but the figure spiralled to 1,000 on Wednesday after China strengthened its deployment, forcing India to rush in reinforcements. The count of Indian soldiers in area ‘30R’ is slightly higher than the Chinese.
It’s not just troops who are eyeball-to-eyeball along the LAC. Civilians too have locked horns at Charding-Ninglung Nullah track junction in Demchok, further east of Chumar. New Delhi and Beijing had inked a new border pact last October to ensure peace and stability along the LAC, but the cycle of border violations continues to be an old sore in bilateral ties.

PM Modi gets world s largest birthday card from his old schoolPM Modi gets world's largest birthday card from his old school
IANS  Ahmedabad, September 20, 2014
First Published: 20:55 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:40 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi got a unique gift on his birthday Sep 17. The school where he studied in his hometown in Gujarat made him the world's largest greeting card with birthday wishes in 23 languages, his brother said Saturday.
The 14.3-metre-wide and 16.2-metre-long card was specially crafted by students of the BN High School in Vadnagar where Modi studied from Class 8 to 11, the prime minister's elder brother Somabhai Modi told IANS.
Birthday wishes in 23 languages were written on the card, he said.
The prime minister turned 64 Sep 17.
Somabhai also said the Namo Tea Stall Owners' Association of Ahmedabad contributed a day's income of Rs.70,500 for relief measures for the flood-affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
He said followers, fans and friends of Prime Minister Modi had planned to celebrate his birthday by presenting a 3.5-tonne steel sheet as a birthday card.
But to honour the prime minister's message not to celebrate his birthday and contribute to flood relief in Kashmir, the plan was dropped.
Guinness World Records officials have been contacted who will send the details of the birthday card to Britain for confirmation of the record.
The current record for the biggest birthday card was registered March 21 this year in Dubai. That card was 10.29 metres long and 14.8 metres wide.

Jadavpur University students hold march  demand VCs resignation; governorintervenesPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 9:40 pm
Braving rains thousands of students marched through the city’s streets on Saturday  demanding resignation of Jadavpur University (JU) vice-chancellor as West Bengal Governor K N Tripathi intervened to end the four-day old stalemate in the prestigious educational institution.
Students from Presidency University, Calcutta University and other educational institutions joined the march in a show of solidarity demanding resignation of JU VC Abhijit Chakrabarti after the alleged brutal police action on students inside JU campus in the early hours of Wednesday.
They were stopped by police near Mayo Road crossing in the heart of the city following which the students launched a sit-in at the spot demanding the VC’s resignation.
View Picture Gallery
Representatives of students later had a two-hour-long meeting with governor, who intervened to end the stalemate.
A Raj Bhavan official said the governor, who also the chancellor of JU, advised the agitating students to maintain discipline and restore its ‘peaceful atmosphere’ from Monday.
“A delegation of seven students of Jadavpur University met the chancellor. They put forth their grievances. The chancellor patiently listened to them and advised them to maintain discipline and restore peaceful atmosphere in the university from Monday (September 22),” he said.
“The governor sir gave us a patient hearing. He expressed his moral support to our cause and said that he will look into each and every aspect including the barbaric police action on the students,” a JU students’ representative told reporters after the meeting at Raj Bhavan here.
The students, he said, have handed over a CD to Tripathi which has video clipping of the police action on the students.
“The governor sir sought time till Monday morning. So till then our academic strike will go on but we are withdrawing the sit-in (at Mayo Road) for the time being. We will again meet on Monday at 12 noon and decide our next course of action after seeing the steps taken by chancellor,” he said.
The students procession raised slogans against the police, the JU VC and Trinamool Congress government. It caused a traffic snarl in the city’s central business district.
“The government changes but the attitude of those who are in power never changes. In 2005 during the Left rule police too had beaten us inside the campus,” a protester said.
JU students have boycotted classes on their demand for the VC’s resignation. Those in the mass communication department have boycotted their examination on September 18.
Meanwhile, an apology attributed to the VC was posted on the university website , which official sources denied claiming it had been hacked.
“I am sorry” was the message posted on the website in VC Abhijit Chakrabarti’s page.
Registrar Pradip Ghosh clarified that he had spoken to the VC and continued…

CBI files fresh perjury plea against PrashantBhushanCBI, in its plea, has alleged the two lawyers and the NGO have been "making deliberate and false statements on oath and before the Supreme Court".
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:46 pm
CBI on Saturday moved the Supreme Court with a fresh perjury application against noted lawyers Prashant Bhushan and Kamini Jaiswal and their NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation for allegedly making false statements before the apex court against CBI Chief Ranjit Sinha.
In its application, CBI alleged the counsel for the NGO has been contradicting their own stand before the apex court.
Citing an example, the plea contended that the counsel had earlier said the diary containing the names of visitors to Sinha’s residence was procured from an unknown person but later in its affidavit while refusing to name the persons, the lawyer of the NGO claimed they have got it from reliable persons.
CBI, in its plea, has alleged the two lawyers and the NGO have been “making deliberate and false statements on oath and before the Supreme Court”.
CBI had moved a similar application before the Supreme Court earlier for lodging a case of perjury against the lawyers for allegedly making “deliberate and intentional false statements on oath” relating to investigations into the 2G spectrum allocation scam.
CBI said the statements are “punishable under various sections of IPC”.

NCP gives Congress a day to decide on seat-sharing for MahapollsPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:37 pm
Going on the offensive, NCP Saturday gave Congress a day to revert on the issue of seat-sharing for the October 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra, saying it will “wait a day longer”.
“The filing of nominations has begun. We can wait for a day longer for Congress’ response on our proposal on quantum of seats,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel told reporters but clarified it was not meant to be an ultimatum.
“It is not a case of NCP issuing an ultimatum. You can say it’s the Election Commission which has done it as time for filing papers is very little,” he said when asked of his party was issuing an ultimatum to Congress.
“We want some official intimation from them by tomorrow failing which I will meet CM Prithviraj Chavan on Monday morning,” he said.
Asked if NCP would go it alone if need be, Patel said,” this option is open for all parties.”
There has been no response from Congress to our demand for 144 seats despite top leaders of the two parties meeting weeks ago, Patel, a confidante of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, said.
Pawar had met Congress President Sonia Gandhi on August 6 and said the two parties would go to the hustings together.
“We received a proposal that NCP should contest 124 seats, 10 more than what we contested in 2009 polls. We want to clarify that 124 is the number of seats we contested in 2004,” Patel said, adding the old formula does not apply now after NCP got more Lok Sabha seats than the Congress in Maharashtra.
In their worst-ever drubbing in Maharashtra in Lok Sabha polls, NCP won four seats and Congress just two as the alliance, in power in the state for 15 years, was decimated by BJP-Shiv Sena-led ‘Mahayuti’, a rainbow alliance also including smaller parties like RPI(A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
“NCP wants the alliance to continue. This sentiment was expressed by both Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi when they met
in Delhi. It is unfortunate that we have not been able to conclude seat-sharing talks even after so many weeks,” he
said.
Earlier in the day, Maharashtra Congress chief Manikrao Thakre had said the alliance could be in trouble as there was
no positive response so far to Congress’ proposal.
Sharad Pawar’s nephew and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar had said NCP’s demand for 144 seats was a justified as it had more Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra than Congress.

IAF plane carrying 11 on board crash lands at ChandigarhairportPrint
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 20, 2014 10:27 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 1:37 am
An Indian Air Force transport aircraft AN-32, crash landed while it was landing at the Air Force station runway in Chandigarh. Some personnel received minor injuries.
The incident took place around 8.30 pm on Saturday. The aircraft had gone for an operation and was returning from Bathinda. It developed an emergency mid-air and during landing, veered off the runway, turned turtle and caught fire. The fire was controlled. An inquiry has been marked by the Air Force.
There were 11 personnel on board, including five crew members. As per sources, the personnel were rescued from the aircraft. Few of them suffered minor injuries and were shifted to the command hospital, Chandimandir.
ASP South Urvija Goel said, “We rushed to the spot as soon as we got the information from the Control Room. However, the situation was under control by then.”

BJP seeks explanation from L-G on missing files CWG files15
0
New Delhi: Delhi BJP on Saturday demanded an explanation from L-G Najeeb Jung over the disappearance of files related to misappropriation of Rs 700 crore SC/ST fund in Commonwealth Games two years ago.
"It is quite surprising that the file, which was called for by the Central Home Ministry and the Central Social Welfare Ministry for about two years back, remained suppressed firstly by Sheila Dikshit-led Government, thereafter by Arvind Kejriwal-led Government," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
He said it clearly indicates that this fund was certainly misappropriated, and therefore this file was suppressed and after warning by BJP, the Lt Governor and officers had to bring out the file under pressure.
Satish Upadhyay said it clearly indicates that this fund was certainly misappropriated, and therefore this file was suppressed.
#cwg 2012 #bjp #satish upadhyay #najeeb jung
"Besides forwarding the file to the Home Ministry, L-G should also clarify to the people of Delhi that why Congress Government and Arvind Kejriwal's Government and after that, the bureaucrats did not take any action over this file," the Delhi BJP chief said.
2

IAF AN-32 crashlands in Chandigarh  passengers safemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Vadodara: BJP MLA seeks vacant houses for J&K flood-hit victims9
0
Vadodara: A BJP MLA from Vadodara in Gujarat has written to Chief Minister Anandi Patel requesting her to provide tenements, constructed under various Central schemes but are currently lying vacant, to those people whose houses have suffered extensive damage in heavy rains recently.
"Heavy rain and floods had wreaked a havoc in many parts of Vadodara and affected people who are in need of help as they have lost all their belongings in devastating flood. More than 200 slums, housing about 1.50 lakh people, suffered heavy damages due to this flood and rains," said Yogesh Patel who represents Manjalpur Assembly constituency.
In his letter to chief minister, Patel said, "There are many houses built under Central schemes like Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission (JNNURM), but are lying vacant and could be given to the affected people."
Over two lakh people were affected due to river water inundating the residential areas mostly in western parts of the city.
#india #vadodara #jammu and kashmir floods #floods
Interestingly, JNNURM was one of the flagship schemes of erstwhile Manmohan Singh government at Centre and is meant to improve the quality of life and infrastructure in cities.
Flanked by BJP MLAs Jitendra Sukhadiya and Rajendra Trivedi from Raopura and Sayajigunj Assembly constituencies, respectively, Patel said that flood-affected people, who have no place to stay and live, should be allowed to move into these houses.
Over two lakh people were affected due to river water inundating the residential areas mostly in western parts of the city earlier this month, with Panigate, Karlibaugh, Mandvi, Sayajiganj and Munjhmahuda being worst-hit.
"I have also requested the chief minister to make some alternative arrangement by deputing officials to assess the losses so that people could get their houses and other damaged property repaired. The affected people whose houses, land and cattle yards had been damaged were not given any certificates of loss and consequently the relief distribution had been held up," Patel said.
The legislator said that he has demanded deepening of Ajwa lake in the city for storage of more water to avoid any flood-like situation during monsoon.
1

Electrician dies after ground caves in at Delhi Metro siteSep 20, 2014 at 10:54pm IST
Electrician dies after ground caves in at Delhi Metro site
11
1
New Delhi: A 25-year-old electrician was on Saturday killed at a construction site of Delhi Metro in Jamia Nagar this afternoon after a portion of ground caved in while working in a pit, police said.
The incident took place when the electrician, identified as Durgesh, was working in a pit when suddenly the ground caved in, burying him several feet under the earth.
According to police, some wires in the pit had been damaged due to the construction work and Durgesh was called for its repairing.
The incident took place when the electrician, identified as Durgesh, was working in a pit when suddenly the ground caved in, burying him several feet under the earth.
Police said initial probe has revealed that the electrician went inside the pit without informing authorities at the spot.
Durgesh used to live in east Delhi and was working on contract basis.
3

Inheritance will not trigger call of condo s mortgage0
You might have heard your attorney say that your lender has a "due on sale" right under the mortgage. In other words, there is a clause in your loan documents that states that upon the sale of the property or transfer of ownership the lender has the right to call the loan due. If the borrower fails to pay the loan back, the lender has the right to commence foreclosure proceedings to force the repayment of the loan.
Your situation is quite different. Your father didn't sell his condo. You obtained title to the condominium as a result of your father's death. Quite some years ago, the federal government passed a law -- the Garn-St. Germain Depository Institutions Act -- that prevents lenders from enforcing a due on sale clause under certain circumstances. One of these circumstances is precisely yours.
The law prevents lenders from forcing the sale of a home through a due-on-sale clause in situations where there is a death and the property is transferred to a relative, a transfer between spouses or from parents to children, a transfer as a result of divorce or legal separation, or when a person decides to transfer his or her home into a living trust for estate planning purposes.
While our summary does not follow the exact language of the law, the law is there to protect owners from having their lenders use the due on sale clause in those general circumstances.
You don't have to worry about your situation and you don't have to do much. You should also know, that the debt was your father's debt and became the debt of his estate. The debt is still secured by the home, but you don't have to have the debt "changed" into your name or assume the debt.
You do need to make sure that the homeowner's insurance tracks the ownership of the home. If the home is now in your name, you need to make sure that you have homeowner's insurance on the home and that you comply with the terms of the loan and have the lender named as a mortgagee insured on that insurance policy.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Should owner rent out townhouse while on vacation0
While the money sounds great, the reality is that finding the right person to rent your place might be harder than it sounds. First, you need to find a good tenant that won't harm your place. You'll be renting your place furnished with all of your possessions. The last thing you need is to have a total loss due to an irresponsible tenant or an unscrupulous person that takes advantage of your situation.
It might cost you money to find that person. If you do the search yourself by listing your home through one of the many do-it-yourself sites on the Web, you might get lucky. But if you have to pay someone for the service, the fees would have to be low enough to allow you to make money on the rental.
Once you find a renter, you'll have to decide what kind of a legal document to have your renter sign and how much of a security deposit to require. You can rely on some of the documentation that are available online or you can seek the help of a real estate attorney in the process. You will also have to update your home insurance policy and give notice to your carrier that your home won't be vacant for the winter months but will be rented.
Again, the most important thing is to find a responsible person that will take care of your home while you are away. If you don't, you might have a nightmare on your hands. You won't know until you are too far into the rental, but your tenant could be the type that makes constant requests of you and is always complaining. Given that you don't "need" the money, your travels down south could be made miserable by having a bad tenant.
A good tenant, on the other hand, could be wonderful for you. You'll have someone to take care of your home, pay utility bills, cover your expenses and generally keep an eye on it while you are away.
We can't tell you what to do. The type of tenant you find will depend on where your home is located, the type of people living in that neighborhood, the type of jobs they have and the kind of people looking for short-term housing near Washington D.C.
You might want to consult others in your area who have had success renting their homes for short periods of time. After hearing about their experiences, you can make your own decision. Good luck, and tell us what you decide to do.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Miley Cyrus offusque le Mexique en se faisant donner la fesse avec le drapeau national (VIDO)Previous Story
Next Story
Miley Cyrus offusque le Mexique en se faisant donner la fessée avec le drapeau national (VIDÉO)
Le HuffPost
reddit
Miley Cyrus risque 36 heures de détention ou une amende après son dernier concert au Mexique, à Monterrey. Qu'a fait notre apprentie délinquante? Aurait-elle saccagé sa chambre d'hôtel, ou insulté les douaniers? Rien de tout ça. L'État mexicain est très en colère car la chanteuse a twerké sur scène. Jusque-là c'est la routine. Mais Miley, sans doute soucieuse de donner une touche folklorique à son concert, en a profité pour se faire fouetter les fesses par un de ses danseurs, avec un drapeau mexicain. Grave erreur, le pays ne plaisante pas avec ses emblèmes nationaux.
La pop star mexicaine Paulina Rubio l'a appris à ses dépends. La chanteuse a reçu une amende pour avoir posé nue sur la couverture d'un magazine espagnol, enroulée dans le drapeau mexicain. Dès lors, on n'ose imaginer ce que les Mexicains ont pensé de la prestation de Miley. Francisco Trevino Cabello , du parti conservateur, a publiquement demandé des sanctions: "Ils l'ont frappée avec le drapeau, c'est un manque de respect" s'indigne-t-il. "Le ministre de l'intérieur se doit de sanctionner la chanteuse Miley Cyrus pour avoir désacralisé le drapeau".
Une demande qui pourrait bien être entendue, au vu de la loi mexicaine, qui détaille sur 35 pages les usages autorisés pour le drapeau mexicain. Rien sur les fessées, donc. Peut-être une porte de sortie pour la chanteuse: elle portait en réalité une prothèse à ce moment précis. Ce que pourrait souligner son avocat, dans ce qui serait alors sans aucun doute une des plaidoiries les plus étranges de la justice mexicaine.

Tout le monde en parle: les invits de ce dimanche«Tout le monde en parle»: les invités de ce dimanche
Le Huffington Post Québec  | Par Marie-Josée Roy
Publication:
reddit
Guy A.Lepage et Dany Turcotte retrouveront leurs fauteuils sur le plateau de Tout le monde en parle ce dimanche, pour une 11e année.
Pour donner le coup d’envoi à leur nouvelle saison, l’animateur et son fou du roi effectueront un retour sur le Gala des Prix Gémeaux, avec François Létourneau et Jean-François Rivard, auteurs de Série noire, qui a remporté 11 statuettes au total, et Martin Matte et Julie LeBreton, vedettes des Beaux malaises, qui a arraché la victoire dans six catégories.
Ils s’entretiendront aussi avec Jean Lapierre et Chantal Hébert en vue de la sortie du livre Confessions post-référendaires, Stéphane Quintal, qui vient d’être nommé vice-président de la sécurité des joueurs de la Ligue nationale de hockey, Mai Duong, cette jeune femme asiatique qui est en attente d’une greffe de moelle osseuse et dont l’histoire a soulevé l’empathie sur les réseaux sociaux, et l’écrivain Patrick Sénécal, qui présentera son plus récent roman, Malphas 4.
La semaine dernière, alors que Guy A.Lepage et Dany Turcotte étaient encore en vacances, le Gala des Prix Gémeaux a rallié 922 000 téléspectateurs devant leur petit écran, tandis qu’à TVA, 1 696 000 personnes ont regardé le deuxième rendez-vous de Julie Snyder et Michel Drucker, à L’été indien.
L’émission est diffusée à 20h, à Radio-Canada.

Rob Ford est atteint d un cancerRob Ford est atteint d'un cancer
PC  | Par                                                                Presse canadienne
reddit
TORONTO _ Le maire de Toronto, Rob Ford, souffre d'un liposarcome malin, une forme rare de cancer dans les tissus mous du corps, a annoncé mercredi un médecin de l'hôpital où il est traité.
Le docteur Zane Cohen, de l'hôpital Mount Sinai, a révélé l'information lors d'un point de presse en fin d'après-midi. Il a indiqué que M. Ford suivrait des traitements de chimiothérapie.
Le docteur Cohen, un spécialiste réputé de la chirurgie colorectale, a précisé que les prochaines étapes du traitement seraient décidées en fonction de la façon dont la tumeur réagirait au traitement.
M. Ford a été hospitalisé la semaine dernière après avoir éprouvé des douleurs "intolérables" à l'abdomen. Les médecins ont découvert qu'il avait une tumeur.
Le maire de 45 ans a annoncé par la suite qu'il se retirait de la course à la mairie pour se concentrer sur sa santé. Il laisse ainsi la voie libre à son frère, Doug, qui se présentera à sa place.
L'annonce de cette tumeur maligne survient quelques mois après que Rob Ford eut suivi une cure de désintoxication pour régler ses problèmes de drogue et d'alcool. Il était revenu au travail il y a un peu plus de deux mois.
Or, son rôle de maire était largement symbolique depuis novembre dernier. Les conseillers municipaux lui ont retiré presque tous ses pouvoirs lorsqu'il a admis avoir des problèmes de consommation, après l'avoir nié pendant plusieurs mois.
Le maire Ford s'est excusé de son comportement, qui lui a valu de devenir tristement célèbre un peu partout sur le globe, ajoutant qu'il n'avait que lui-même à blâmer.
Même si Olivia Chow lui a souvent reproché ses écarts de conduite, le ton de sa rivale à la mairie de Toronto a récemment changé.
La veuve de l'ancien chef néo-démocrate Jack Layton, qui a succombé à un cancer en 2011, a assuré M. Ford et sa famille qu'ils pouvaient compter sur son appui.
"Le cancer peut être vaincu", a-t-elle écrit mercredi sur son compte Twitter.
Close
Les nombreux visages de Rob Ford
sur

iPhone 6: il l achte en premier... et le fait tomber! (VIDO)reddit
Il a attendu des heures devant un Apple Store pour être le premier à acheter l'iPhone 6 à  sa sortie ce vendredi 19 septembre... tout ça pour le faire tomber quelques minutes plus tard.
Interrogé par une chaîne de télévision à la sortie de l'Apple Store de Perth (Australie), le jeune Jack s'apprêtait à commenter son iPhone 6 flambant neuf devant la caméra quand il a maladroitement ouvert la boîte du téléphone et laissé tomber l'objet.
Hué par la foule, passablement gêné, le jeune homme s'est empressé de ramasser le téléphone et de regarder si l'écran n'avait pas pris un choc. "Le pauvre", a compati la journaliste sans pouvoir s'empêcher de sourire.
Cette séquence irrésistible (surtout pour les détracteurs des fans d'Apple), a rapidement été mise sur YouTube par différents téléspectateurs ce vendredi 19 septembre.

Fusillade en Floride: huit morts  dont six enfantsFusillade en Floride: huit morts, dont six enfants
AFPQC  | Par                                                                Agence France-Presse
Un homme a tué sa fille ainsi que six petits-enfants avec une arme à feu, avant de se donner la mort, dans un petit village de Floride, a annoncé jeudi la police locale au cours d'une conférence de presse.
Selon elle, les enfants étaient âgés de trois mois à 10 ans.
Le suspect, identifié comme étant Don Charles Spirit et âgé de 51 ans, a lui-même alerté par téléphone les services d'urgence mais quand les forces de l'ordre sont arrivées sur place, il s'était suicidé, a indiqué le shérif du comté de Gilchrist (nord de la Floride), Robert Schultz.
"Je n'ai jamais rien vu de tel. Ce comté, cette communauté va être effondrée après un tel acte. C'est un petit comté, nous appartenons tous à la même famille", a-t-il déclaré, précisant qu'une enquête était en cours et qu'il ne pouvait donner de détails supplémentaires sur cette affaire.
Cet incident devrait relancer une fois de plus le débat sur la possession d'armes aux Etats-Unis, où 11.000 personnes ont été assassinées à l'aide d'armes à feu en 2011, selon le FBI.
Les fusillades dans les écoles ont en particulier focalisé l'attention sur l'eventualité d'un meilleur contrôle des armes aux abords des établissements scolaires.
En août, une fille de neuf ans apprenant le maniement d'un pistolet mitrailleur Uzi a accidentellement tué son instructeur après avoir perdu le contrôle de l'arme.
Un contrôle renforcé se heurte à l'opposition farouche du puissant lobby américain des armes, qui invoque le second amendement de la Constitution protégeant le droit pour les citoyens de posséder des armes.
Plus:

Asian Games: Jitu Rai wins gold  Shweta Chaudhry bronze on opening dayAsian Games: Jitu Rai wins gold, Shweta Chaudhry bronze on opening day
Press Trust of India | Incheon Sep 20, 2014 02:35 PM IST
Ace Indian shooter Jitu Rai clinched a historic gold in the 50m pistol event and pistol shooter Shweta Chaudhry bagged a bronze on the opening day of the 17th Asian Games at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range, here today. 
 
Fresh from his 50m pistol silver in the World Championships, Rai completed a grand double as he had won a gold in the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow earlier this year. The shooter, who serves the Gurkha regiment, was on target from the word go after moving into the finals even as compatriot Omkar Singh failed to cross the qualification hurdle. 
 
In the finals though, Rai was tested by Vietnam's Nguyen Hoang Phuong, who had to settle for silver. 
 
Rai accumulated 186.2 points in comparison to Phuong's 183.4 and Wang Zhiwei of China stood a distant third with 165.6 points. 
 
In the 10m air pistol event, Chaudhry had a total tally of 176.4 at the Ongnyeon shooting range. 
 
China's Zhang Mengyan won the gold with 202.2 while host country South Korea's Jung Jee-Hae secured the silver with 201.3. 
 
"I am happy I got the first medal for India, it's a bronze but a medal is a medal. This is the biggest medal for me till now. I was thinking of first or second place in the beginning when it was good but in the middle I lost a bit. That 8.4 was a bad shot (leading to shoot-off)," the Faridabad shooter told reporters after winning the bronze.
The Indian women's tennis team advanced to the quarterfinals by beating Oman 3-0 in the first round.
The Indian men's badminton team, however, lost to South Korea 0-3 in the pre-quarterfinals at the Gyeyang Gymnasium.

Ces 16 bbs trouvent les chats vraiment trop drles (VIDO)Ces 16 bébés trouvent les chats vraiment trop drôles (VIDÉO)
Le Huffington Post Québec
reddit
Une vidéo de chat, ça peut être mignon. Une vidéo de bébé, encore plus. Mais qu'obtient-on quand on mélange les deux? Quelque chose d'encore plus «cuuuuute».
Car oui, pour ces bébés, la chose la plus drôle au monde, c'est leur chat. Et dans cette vidéo, on en retrouve 16!
Bien sûr, les petits ne détestent pas les chiens non plus, comme le prouve cette galerie de photos:
Close

Pour qui les femmes s habillent-elles sexyreddit
Chaque homme ici présent, en train de lire cet article, a déjà été la cible d'un regard indigné provenant d'une dame dont il contemplait les courbes, alors qu'elle arborait une tenue affriolante et sexy lors d'une chaude journée d'été. Pas vrai?
Vous serez donc en accord avec moi que les femmes qui aiment s'habiller sexy, dans le but inavoué de se faire regarder, sont très sélectives quant à la gestion du «qui a le droit de les contempler la baguette en l'air».
C'est certain que 100% des femmes qui s'habillent sexy vont dire qu'elle le font d'abord (ou seulement que) pour elles, pour se sentir belles.
Okay, j'accepte cette raison comme raison, disons... principale, mais je refuse de croire que séduire, ou du moins attirer un regard de désir de la gente masculine ne fait pas partie de l'objectif. Sans nécessairement vouloir se faire trainer par la tignasse après avoir été frappée avec un gourdin, puis tirée jusqu'à sa grotte par un homme de cromagnon, mais pour l'agréable feeling de se sentir désirable et désirée pour son body.
Tsé, un gars qui se peigne, on ne se fera pas de menteries... C'est pour se mettre! Y'a pas un gars qui va prendre son mini fer plat pour s'aplatir les cheveux (un item qui fait parti de la trousse du douch) s'enduire le coco de gel ou de pommade pour finir avec les cheveux spikés, afin de se sentir beau, pour lui.
La totalité des femmes vont s'indigner pour un regard pervers de longue durée, avec un filet de bave sur le bord des lèvres et la main dans les culottes. Dans ce cas là, on ne peut blâmer leur indignation. Mais dans le cas d'un regard de désir discret, ou moins discret si accompagné d'un sourire, le droit de regarder et le «à quel point madame sera offusquée» découlera uniquement de la formule du «cas par cas».
Il y a aussi des femmes qui disent s'habiller sexy pour leur chum. Sauf que l'argument tombe quand on considère qu'un couple normal, dont les deux âmes sœurs travaillent 40 heures chacun, ne se voient pas nécessairement longtemps dans les moments où la demoiselle est vêtue de ses habits les plus invitants qu'elle puisse mettre en public. Parce qu'une fois rendue à la maison, elle est soit en train de porter le hoodie de son chum et ses joggings, soit en déshabillé, soit flambant nue.
Et qu'en est-il du selfie mettant en vedette vos magnifiques attributs qui nous rendent si fou? Après ça, vous nous blâmez de prendre des photos de nos graines et de vous les envoyer. Notre seul et unique but est de vous montrer, à notre tour, ce que l'on possède de plus cher sur notre humble personne. Ce n'est pas ce qu'on a de plus beau à montrer, mais quand on vous l'envoie, c'est un cadeau précieux, de nous à vous, que vous devez conserver précieusement dans vos archives.
Alors, sérieusement là, est-ce que chaque femme pourrait dresser la liste des candidats qui ont droit de regard sur leur personne ou simplement vous assumer en tant qu'être désiré par beaucoup de membres du sexe opposé, comme vous dites si bien le faire lorsque vous choisissez une tenue révélatrice.
« En tout cas moi je m'assume de m'habiller sexy! »
Regard d'un dude qui ne lui plait pas...
« As-tu fini de rêvasser face de singe? Veux-tu ma photo? »
Le dude est stupéfait...
Ceci est un scénario illogique, mesdames.
PS : Je n'envoie pas de dick pics! Ce n'était que pour le LOL. Pour me faire pardonner de vous avoir menti, je vais continuer à publier des textes loufoques, avec un fond de vérité.
À VOIR AUSSI SUR LE HUFFPOST
Close
Les villes les plus sexy au Canada
sur

Xavier Dolan chez Les Appendices (VIDO)Xavier Dolan chez Les Appendices (VIDÉO)
Le Huffington Post Québec
reddit
On pensait bien avoir vu le «pire» des Appendices, mais le groupe vient de prouver qu'il pouvait aller encore plus loin dans l'absurde... avec Xavier Dolan!
Dans cet extrait, le réalisateur y joue le rôle de Michel, qu'on ne saurait décrire précisément. Michel a soif, aime le bacon et Hulk Hogan. Et sa langue pue. Entre autres.

Grands Ballets Canadien: le tapis rouge de la premire de Lonce et Lna (PHOTOS)Grands Ballets Canadien: le tapis rouge de la première de «Léonce et Léna» (PHOTOS)
Le Huffington Post Québec
reddit
Jeudi soir s’est tenue la première de Léonce et Léna, qui a lancé la saison des Grands Ballets Canadien au Théâtre Maisonneuve de la Place des arts.
Pour l’occasion, plusieurs personnalités québécoises ont répondu à l’invitation en se présentant sur le tapis rouge.
Parmi eux, Charles Binamé, Hélène B-L, Sophie Cadieux, Gabrielle Destroismaisons, Laurence Dauphinais, Gilles Duceppe, Frédérique Dufort, Pierre-Luc Lafontaine, Sylvie Léonard, Normand Léversque, Alex Nevsky, Kalinka Pétrie, Marie-Lise Pilote, Claude Prégent, Pierrette Robitaille, Marie-Josée Taillefer et sa famille, Thomas Vallière, etc.
Le Huffington Post Québec était sur place pour immortaliser cette soirée en photos:
Close
Les Grands Ballets Canadien: le tapis rouge
sur

World Coastal Cleanup Day observed in Mumbaipicture  others
World Coastal Cleanup Day observed in Mumbai
The 29th International Coastal Cleanup Day was observed in Mumbai on September 20, 2014 by school students. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
School children are seen on the beach on World Coastal Cleanup Day in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
A child is seen playing with sand on the beach on World Coastal Cleanup Day in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
A clean beach is seen on World Coastal Cleanup Day in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Children collect garbage from the beach in a packet in Mumbai on World Coastal Cleanup Day. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Related

Alibaba s market cap more than top 3 Indian companies  combinedChinese internet giant dwarfs Indian biggies
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 11:35 PM IST
By the time trading on the New York Stock Exchange ended on Friday, the market capitalisation of Alibaba Group Holdings topped $231 billion, making it one of the most valuable companies in the world.
The Chinese giant also dwarfs all Indian listed companies by value. In fact, it is worth more than the combined market capitalisation of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) — the three largest listed Indian companies by market capitalisation, according to Bloomberg data.
In terms of market capitalisation, TCS tops the list of Indian companies, at Rs 5.3 lakh crore. While ONGC is second (Rs 3.46 lakh crore), RIL, with Rs 3.22 lakh crore, is third. As such, the combined market capitalisation of the three stands at Rs 11.99 lakh crore.
With the rupee at 60.83 to the dollar, Alibaba is worth Rs 14.07 lakh crore.
Through its initial public offering, the company raised $21.8 billion. This has made the stake of its founder Jack Ma worth about $14 billion.
According to Bloomberg data, the Alibaba stock rose 38.07 per cent to close at $93.89 on its trading debut. This makes the company’s size about five times that of ITC, about six times the size of Coal India, and about eight times the size of HDFC.
Had Alibaba been listed in India, it would have been the second-most profitable company among the top 10 on the market-capitalisation list. For the year ended March this year, its net profit stood at $3.8 billion, or Rs 23,271.12 crore. This would be second only to the profit of ONGC, which recorded a net profit of Rs 26,506.53 crore. For the same period, RIL’s net profit stood at Rs 22,493.00 crore. At the bottom of the list is HDFC, which makes only a third of Alibaba’s net profit.
In terms of revenue, Alibaba would be ninth on the list, with Rs 52,207 crore, behind RIL, State Bank of India, ONGC, TCS, ICICI Bank, Coal India, HDFC Bank and HDFC. It would be only marginally ahead of Infosys’s Rs 50,133 crore in sales. While RIL’s revenue is about eight times that of Alibaba, State Bank of India has about six times its revenue, while ONGC has thrice the number.
The volumes of four other companies ahead of Alibaba on the list are 20-60 per cent higher.
According to Bloomberg estimates, Alibaba’s revenue is expected to grow about 30 per cent annually through the next two financial years. By comparison, Sensex companies are expected to grow 11 per cent, according to Bloomberg estimates for the next financial year.

CBI should thoroughly probe Chidambaram s role in Aircel-Maxis deal: SwamyCBI should thoroughly probe Chidambaram's role in Aircel-Maxis deal: Swamy
ANI | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:23 PM IST
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy on Saturday said the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should thoroughly investigate former finance minister P Chidambaram's role in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
 
"It has turned out that in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) it was known that the Aircel-Maxis deal was an illegal deal because it was directly or indirectly 100% owned by Malaysian industrialist T Ananda Krishnan.......," Swamy told ANI here.
 
He said that Chidambaram never went into the deal and signed it immediately. "Today, he is blaming the officers," he added.
 
The BJP leader further said the matter will be heard in the Supreme Court on September 25.
 
The CBI will probe the circumstances of the FIPB approval given by Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
 
According to reports, the investigating agency told a special court in its chargesheet that Mauritius-based Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd, a subsidiary of Maxis, had sought approval for $800 million for which the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs was competent to do so.
 
Chidambaram has, however, said that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.

Benazir s son Bilawal says will take entire Kashmir from IndiaBenazir s son Bilawal says will take entire Kashmir from India
The economy  stupid  behind Scotland s  No  vote  says surveyThe "No" campaign focused on the economic dangers of independence, in particular warning of uncertainty over the currency. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Scots were driven to reject independence in a historic referendum more out of fears over the economic risks of going alone than a strong attachment to the United Kingdom, a survey analysis shows.
The post-referendum survey by independent pollster Lord Michael Ashcroft also reveals that young people voted in droves to break up the centuries-old union - suggesting that a future referendum might go the other way.
The "No" campaign focused on the economic dangers of independence, in particular warning of uncertainty over the currency after the British government said the separatists would not be able to keep the pound.
Ashcroft's survey of 2,047 people who cast ballots in Thursday's referendum, weighted to reflect the 55 per cent who voted against independence, reveals that the message hit home.
When "No" voters were presented with three options explaining their decision, some 47 per cent said the risks were too great when it came to matters such as the currency, EU membership, the economy , jobs and prices.
Around 27 per cent said they were driven by a strong attachment to the United Kingdom, its shared history, culture and traditions.
And around 25 per cent said it was the promise of new powers for the devolved Scottish Parliament that would result in "the best of both worlds".
By contrast, "by far the biggest single driver for 'Yes' voters was disaffection with Westminster politics", said Ashcroft, a former Conservative party donor, in an online commentary.
Seven in 10 "Yes" voters said they were most concerned that decisions about Scotland be taken in Scotland, while 20 per cent said they were driven by the feeling that the future would be brighter as an independent country.
One in 10 said their main reason for backing independence was to ensure they would no longer be ruled by Conservative governments.
British Prime Minister David Cameron's party is currently the biggest in Westminster but has just one Scottish MP.
Warnings that independence was the only way to save the state-run National Health Service (NHS) from savage spending cuts also made their mark, with 54 per cent of "Yes" voters saying it was an important factor.
After a slow burning campaign that reached a frenzy in the last fortnight when opinion polls suggested the "Yes" camp might deliver a shock win, two-thirds of those who made up their minds in the last few days voted "Yes".
Despite the clear result, the survey indicates that the issue of independence has not been decided for good.
Some 71 per cent of 16- to 17-year-olds, who were allowed to vote for the first time in a British election, voted "Yes", while 73 per cent of people over 65 voted "No".
And although Cameron said the issue of independence had now been settled for a generation, many voters believe the referendum may be re-run sooner.
Some 31 per cent said the issue was settled for five years, 17 per cent for a decade, 24 per cent for a generation - while 19 per cent said independence would never be revisited.
The respondents were interviewed by telephone and online.

Russia not preparing new tit-for-tat sanctions: Deputy PMRussia not preparing new tit-for-tat sanctions: Deputy PM
Rein in leaders who spew venom: Muslims to ModiRein in leaders who spew venom: Muslims to Modi
Security breached: Intruder gets into White HouseSecurity breached: Intruder gets into White House
Gogoi demands a share of China s investment for North EastHi Guest
Gogoi demands a share of China's investment for North East
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday sought a share of China's $20 billion investment committed by President Xi Jinping for the north eastern region. "North East (NE) is a part of India. Give importance to NE and Assam. We are neighbours of China. In fact, we have cultural similarities with China," Gogoi told reporters in Guwahati. "Billions of dollar of Chinese investments have been announced for Gujarat" and Assam should get a share of it, he said. "We do not have any problem in ...

Ecstatic  New Zealand PM Key declares election victoryEcstatic  New Zealand PM Key declares election victory
Inside Track: SpecialcasePrint
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:08 am
Narendra Modi has been very firm about turning down requests of his ministers to retain their personal staff, especially if they have worked in the previous UPA government. Even Home Minister Rajnath Singh was barred from appointing a private secretary of his choice. Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan was not permitted to retain his old faithful R P Rathee as his OSD. Paswan got around the veto by appointing Rathee to the Food Corporation of India, though the official spends most of his time in the minister’s office. The PMO has made clear that it does not approve of the arrangement. But the PMO has been less vigilant about the appointment of an OSD for HRD Minister Smriti Irani. Her OSD Sanjay Kachroo, who was last employed by a leading industrial house, had assumed office even before his papers were formally processed. He now occupies three rooms in the HRD Ministry, an evidence of his clout.
Pay for proximity
For Narendra Modi’s rally at Madison Square Garden, New York, on September 28, the organisers have combined American enterprise with Gujarati business acumen to raise a considerable sum. Though a majority of the 20,000 tickets are being handed out free through associations or by lottery, special  incentives are being offered to those willing to pay. To be seated near the dais, you can buy a ticket for $1,000 (about Rs 60,000). In addition, there are categories such as ‘gold circle’, ‘platinum circle’ and ‘diamond circle’ sponsors. The diamond circle is priced at $50,000, platinum at $25,000, gold at $10,000 and bronze at $1,000. A diamond circle sponsor gets to see his name and logo flashed on the television screen, sit in the invited guest section and is assured of some proximity with the Indian PM. The arrangements are primarily being done by Bharat Barai, an old friend of Modi’s. Barai, who is president of the Indian American Community Federation, has applied for tax exemption. Meanwhile, Shalabh ‘Shalli’ Kumar, president of the National Indian American Public Policy Institute, is furious at being left out by Barai, even though he is a long-time Modi supporter. He has sent a notice to Barai demanding full disclosure of the funds raised, names of donors and benefits offered to sponsors.
Chinese checkers
The Gujarat government put two ministers in charge of arrangements for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to Ahmedabad last week. But it discovered to its annoyance that the Ministry of External Affairs and the Prime Minister’s Office frequently overruled its instructions. In fact, each of the three wings made separate arrangements for the visit. The MEA even flew in the head cook of Delhi’s Hyderabad House to oversee the lavish Gujarati spread that the state government was organising for the guests. Incidentally, during the Gandhi Ashram tour, ashram director Tridip Suhrud and his staff were not present. They have often not been on the same wavelength as the BJP government on issues in the past.
Club class

Flip Side: TonguetwistersPrint
Written by Dilip Bobb | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:07 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi loves to dress up; in sartorial terms as well as his personally-patented language of politics and statecraft. He clearly loves acronyms, wordplay and numbers, starting his stewardship with promises of 5Cs, the P4 governance model, the 3Ss that India needs to speed up on and even the 3Ds in case any alphabets were feeling neglected. In Bhutan, it was B4B, in Nepal, HIT, in Japan it was ‘You Mori, me Modi’, and now the Chinese visit has given his linguistic talent new wings. Catchy phrases can also be tricky because they can catch you out later. Some examples.
Inch: His carefully composed acronym for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit, expanded as Inch Towards Miles. But the Chinese army seems to be taking it quite literally, occupying areas miles inside Indian territory and not giving an inch even as Xi and Modi were bonding over bhakri. Officially, the visit was labelled a success, but the incursion was akin to a stab in the back and bordered on an affront. Or, as Confucius is said to have said: ‘He who pampers the cow gets spoiled milk’.
Jinping the gun: On the eve of Xi’s visit, there was much talk of the Chinese investing $100 billion in India. By the end of the talks, the total investment was $20 billion, or one-fifth of the original figure, which left everyone wondering about the missing billions. Chinese checkers? Or, more appropriately, Peking Duck. Curiously, the origin of the $100 billion figure remained a Chinese puzzle, leaving everyone confused about who had been jinping the gun.
Cheeni come: Speaking to the Chinese media on the eve of the visit, Modi did some sugarcoating on Sino-Indian historical ties, saying “it was because of Chinese technology that we were able to refine the sugar, which is why the people of India started calling sugar cheeni”.
He should have asked Indians manufacturers, of Sivakasi firecrackers to Benarasi saris, mobile phones, toys, furniture and fake couture, who have been pleading with the government saying “Chini cum”.
Dhokla diplomacy: Another catchphrase that caught on when Xi touched down in Ahmedabad and was treated to some Gujarati delicacies by Modi. It was actually a snide remark by a Congress party spokesman and a reference to the BJP’s taunt during UPA II, when it had coined the phrase ‘biryani diplomacy’ to suggest India was being soft on Pakistan. The Congress dig was in the context of the timing of the Ladakh incursion. In terms of heated culinary exchanges, as far as the Chinese are concerned, they have never forgiven India for having invented Chicken Manchurian. And putting it on the menu at Moti Mahal.
Soft power: If improving ties was part of the script, then the sight of Xi humming along to a rendition of Raj Kapoor’s Awaara hoon suggests that soft power is an effective medium, border violations and India’s soft stand notwithstanding. After all, the most popular Chinese dish in India is sweet and sour chicken.
The 3Ds: Originally, Modi’s sweetener to Japanese investors was to emphasise 3Ds — democracy, demography and demand. In one sense, he was right. Demand in India is shooting up, as in the Shiv Sena rejecting the BJP’s demand for 135 seats, offering just 119, and the demand by Ajit Singh to remain, rent-free, at his Lutyens bungalow, even though his party was wiped out in the last elections. Singh must be going by another Confucius saying, ‘A naked man has no fear of his pocket getting picked’.

Fifth Column: Wasting amandateIn the first hundred days of the Modi government, what has changed is the country’s mood.
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:06 am
Three words that should worry the Prime Minister more than the bad by-election results are: nothing has changed. I hear them everywhere and most of all from businessmen who have been Narendra Modi’s biggest supporters ever since he first showed that Gujarat welcomed investment. So, when he now says the same thing for India and announces that there will be a ‘red carpet’ instead of ‘red tape’, why are they not convinced? Well, because nothing has changed. Not even the bad laws and policies that brought India to her knees and halved the growth rate in the last three years of the Sonia-Manmohan ‘welfare state’.
Here is a short list of policies that should already have been thrown into history’s dustbin. The retroactive tax. Tax terrorism. The land acquisition law. The companies Act. And visa restrictions that make it impossible for foreign travellers to enter India more than once in two months. This illogical restriction was imposed with David Headley in mind but without noticing that most jihadi terrorists come to India without visas.
The Finance Minister admitted at a recent Indian Express Adda that the land acquisition law made land acquisition impossible even for defence purposes. But the government seems to have no intention of making major changes without a “consensus”. Why? The BJP has the first full mandate to rule in 30 years. Would it not be simpler to admit that under the Sonia-Manmohan government, the BJP wrongly supported a lot of very bad laws because of their populist nature, and that it is time to rid India of them? My knowledge of the new companies law is limited, but those who are affected by it tell me that it allows so much government interference in routine business that it makes doing business very difficult.
While the Prime Minister talks about “minimum government”, his ministers seem not to have understood what this means. So his Minister for Human Resource Development has encouraged the UGC, which is the Planning Commission of higher education, to meddle in matters that should be the business of university officials. The minister herself shows no sign that she understands that she needs to dismantle a licence raj, not impose it more strictly.
On a daily basis, ministers handling vital economic portfolios speak of more controls and regulations. They appear to have forgotten that Modi managed to get a full mandate because people want change, not continuity. And because ordinary Indians believed that he would bring back investors and revitalise a job market that dried up in recent years because of vindictive, ill-conceived polices and laws. In the first hundred days of the Modi government, what has changed is the country’s mood. But economies do not grow on optimism and good intentions, they grow from good policies. Of these there are few signs.
The Environment Minister has been generous with handing out permissions continued…

From the Discomfort Zone: Japanese miniaturisation = humancocooningJapan, war-torn and labelled “bad” quality, had the guts to enter the US, challenging its gigantic car culture by offering a small car.
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 12:08 am
Japan was known for shoddy products before 1950. Humiliation from the World War II defeat, accompanied by atomic devastation, made them determined to beat the West. Rising from wartime ashes, the Japanese performed the post-war economic “miracle” from 1950 to 1960 to become the world’s second-most powerful economy in less than a decade.
It was a collective national willingness to change the quality perception and reality of Japanese products. They understood then that claiming to be inventors may not be their route. Instead, they paid attention on how to adapt European and American invention in a different scale of aspiration to surpass the global customer’s expectation. From being fancy, but tacky, and of flimsy quality, Japanese products have since become the world’s benchmark in quality.
In one of my several visits to Japan on work, I got hungry seeing a Yakitori restaurant signboard in the heart of Tokyo’s commercial district. I followed its directional arrow through a narrow staircase to the first floor. The restaurant chef was cooking healthy, delicious, hot food surrounded on three sides by customers sitting on bar stools. Behind them were small tables stuck to the wall filled with people, but nothing looked overcrowded. The condiments the chef needed were in a glass case behind him and neatly arranged below that were raw ingredients frequently replenished. Even if you don’t speak Japanese it’s not a problem. Every dish was communicated with beautiful detailed pictures. The Japanese menu was translated into English in small letters.
Between two persons sitting at the bar, or at small tables, is a set of interconnected sauce and spice bottles that fit into a wedged carrier.
Every tiny bottle has puzzle designs on it. When I asked the chef about these designs, he explained how they serve functionality. You can’t place the bottles anywhere you want,as the design integrates them into their carrier. It’s the best time, space and convenience management crockery I’ve seen. Guests get attracted to it, play with it and arrange it correctly. They never keep any bottle outside the carrier. That saves the waiter’s time and looks neat. From procurement of raw products, to servicing crockery, sealed wet napkins to multiple usage of the arranged sauce carrier, there’s no wastage of time or space in the 700 sq ft that’s considered among the best Yakitori restaurants in Tokyo. This is unique miniaturisation in gastronomy. Having experienced the elaborate, regal way the French come up with delicious food served in a sophisticated manner, this miniaturisation was incredible. The comparison with gigantic American restaurants and serving portions also instantly hit me head on.
Do you know the 1957 Toyopet story? Japan, war-torn and labelled “bad” quality, had the guts to enter the US, challenging its continued…

Sunday Story: Mars Orbiter set to enter orbit of Red Planet on September24ISRO will be solely responsible for manoeuvring its spacecraft into the orbit of the Red Planet on the morning of September 24.
Written by Johnson T A | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:03 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 11:51 am
Over the last few days, a hotline connecting scientists at the mission operations room at the Indian Space Research Organisation’s Telemetry, Tracking and Command centre in Bangalore with scientists from NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Goldstone, California, and Canberra, Australia (where NASA operates Deep Space Networks), has been buzzing constantly.
A spacecraft launched by ISRO on November 5, 2013, and another launched by NASA on November 18, 2013, are set to enter the orbit of planet Mars within 48 hours of each other. With nine of 51 past attempts to get to the Red Planet failing at the point of entry into the orbit of Mars, the last thing scientists at ISRO and NASA want is for their spacecraft to collide. With D-Day fast approaching for both missions — September 22 for NASA’s Maven spacecraft and September 24 for ISRO’s Mars Orbiter — scientists from both the space agencies are trying to ensure that everything goes smoothly at both ends.
The smallest of errors — in calculation of location, distance and the precise moment when a spacecraft must insert itself into the orbit of Mars — can result in losses worth millions of dollars. But ISRO is counting its gains too: the Orbiter cost it only $71 million, a fraction of what it took for Maven ($671 million) or for the Hollywood space blockbuster Gravity ($100 million).
While NASA has 21 Mars expeditions to its credit — with 15 successful ones, including the first winning fly-by in July 1965, the first successful orbit mission in October 1972 and the first successful Mars landing with Viking 2 in 1980 — the Mars mission is the farthest the Indian space programme has gone.
Though ISRO will be solely responsible for manoeuvring its spacecraft into the orbit of the Red Planet on the morning of September 24, the space agency will be leaning significantly on NASA’s Deep Space Network to communicate with the Mars Orbiter.
At 7.30 am on September 24, exactly 48 hours after they navigate the entry of the Maven into the Mars orbit, 250 technicians from NASA’s JPL in California and Canberra will throw their weight and the might of four 71-metre antennas behind ISRO’s mission operations centre (MOX for short) to communicate with the Mars Orbiter. At that moment, the Orbiter will be about 224 million km away from Earth.
For ISRO scientists venturing into deep space for the first time, NASA is also a point of reference for all the number crunching that has been done to determine the precise distances, moments and speeds at which the Mars Orbiter will have to manoeuvre in order to end up in an orbit where its nearest distance from the Red Planet is 423 km.
“Any country in the world that wants to undertake deep space missions has to go to NASA’s JPL for ground continued…

Out of my mind: On being64The rise of Dalit and OBC parties during the past 25 years attests to the failure of the upper-caste elitism of the Congress, dressed as it was in socialist garb.
Written by Meghnad Desai | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:03 am
Power, Lord Acton said, tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely. Even the 100 days of power have gone to the heads of BJP activists. The decisive majority delivered by Narendra Modi was taken to be due to themselves and also seen as a vindication of their sectarian beliefs rather than what he actually said during the campaign.
Thus, the usual misbehaviour followed. Blatant anti-Muslim sentiments expressed in intolerant terms such as ‘love jihad’. Obviously the object of protection are ‘our girls’, seduced by ‘those horrible’ Muslim boys and converted. Our boys may marry ‘their girls’ forcibly, or not, but that is not the issue. Lies can be concocted once again about cow slaughter and export of beef by Muslim businesses, even by a minister. Madrasas, yet again, have become schools of terrorism. Goan Christians were told to declare themselves Hindus.
Luckily the Indian voters proved sensible. In Uttar Pradesh, they threw out the hatemongers. Within the honeymoon period, the BJP has got a wake-up call. People elected Modi because his message was positive and inclusive. They did not vote for the BJP even though that’s what the RSS may think. Voters were fed up with the corruption, incompetence and arrogance of the Congress. They were in despair about inflation, low growth and rampant unemployment. The issue was not Hindu identity or Muslim loyalties. They voted for good governance, not ideological poison.
The Prime Minister has acquired a formidable reputation of keeping his Cabinet under surveillance. There are stories, perhaps apocryphal, about him calling up ministers over their informal attire or for having coffee with businessmen in five-star hotels. It is time for him to say, without any ifs or buts, that he will have nothing to do with such misbehaviour. He wants to deliver growth, jobs and a high place for India in the global competition. He needs at least 10 years to do this. He requires a party which will become an inclusive nationalist party on the right of the political spectrum. This is what we were told he achieved in Gujarat by marginalising the VHP and RSS.
This will not be easy. Indeed it will be a distraction from his main job. He may not have many friends within the leadership of the BJP. But even so, the cost of not doing so will be large. Already it is not clear if the BJP and Shiv Sena will combine. Even if they do, it’s not clear if they can win convincingly in Maharashtra.
Incumbency did not matter in UP in the by-elections. Prithviraj Chavan may not be loved by his party, but he has a clean reputation among all the Congress chief ministers who have ruled Maharashtra. The Sena will, no doubt, play its communal card and even worse, its anti-Indian (except the Marathi manoos) message.
Modi saw, long before his party did, that Hindu majoritarianism is not an election-winning idea. Hinduism may be tolerant, but Hindu society is full of divisions by jaati.
The rise of Dalit and OBC parties during the past 25 years attests to the failure of the upper-caste elitism of the Congress, dressed as it was in socialist garb.
Mohan Bhagwat, as the chief ideologue of the RSS, revealed the embarrassment of the Hindu Rashtrawadis about this oppression recently in Delhi. He implied that the oppressed jaatis had voluntarily submitted to this oppression as they wanted to exhibit solidarity with their high-caste oppressors during slavery under Muslim rule. As distortions of history go, this must take the cake. But it shows that Hindu Rashtrawadis know that Hindu majoritarianism is a mirage. One can only be grateful for that.
Great political leaders have often built new coalitions and restructured their parties. Franklin D Roosevelt recruited African Americans to the Democratic Party despite their historical allegiance to Republicans — Abraham Lincoln’s party. Margaret Thatcher stole the working class vote from the Labour Party. Tony Blair in his turn brought back that vote and captured the middle-class suburban vote from the Tories.
Sixty-four is a good age to become a  revolutionary. Modi owes it to himself and indeed to India to succeed. Despite the recent upset, there is a vacuum on the Opposition front. If Modi fails, the alternatives will be anarchic. Happy belated birthday greetings.

Coal dependency is not a bad thingelectricity production and distribution
Minister of State with Independent Charge for Power, Coal, and New and Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal spoke to Mahim Pratap Singh about the present challenges and future plans pertaining to the energy sector in India.
How will you ensure investment in coal blocks is not jeopardised, with the Supreme Court reserving orders on illegal coal blocks?
I don’t think it’s an insurmountable problem. The best time to say anything on that will be after the final orders of the Supreme Court. Our only desire is there is finality on this issue because the country is yearning for coal. The fate of 218 coal blocks is in a state of uncertainty, which the country can ill-afford…many blocks are ready to start production but cannot do so owing to certain observations of the honourable court. We hope there will be finality in the weeks to come.
Are we over-dependant on coal for our energy needs? Can it be substituted with renewable energy?
In the U.S., in spite of finding shale gas and facing climate change concerns, thermal power continues to contribute about 60 per cent to energy needs, almost the same as India. So coal dependency is not such a bad thing. India is a poor country and we need to keep the cost of power reasonable. We have abundant coal. The need of the hour is to bring down use of diesel generators.
However, renewable energy is very much at the centre of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s energy security vision. We have sorted out the issue of anti-dumping duties amicably with domestic players who withdrew their objections on their own.
We have been able to comfort the domestic players that we will do everything to make them competitive and participate in the solar growth story in a big way.
What are your plans for other renewable sources?
We are looking at up to 8,000-10,000 MW of wind power generation.
Hydel power generation came to a standstill due to the inability of the previous government to resolve conflicts. An example is the Lower Subansiri dam project which has not progressed despite spending Rs. 6,000 crore. It is important for both Assam and Arunachal Pradesh besides having strategic importance.
Mr. Modi has ensured that ministries don’t work in silos, not just at the Centre but with the States also. For instance, the animosity between Telangana and Andhra Pradesh over power has been sorted out and I am working to make sure both get a fair deal.
The Committee of Secretaries constituted last month has submitted its report on gas pricing. Will the prices be reduced?
We have presented our views before the committee…also before the new committee…they must take a holistic view (keeping in mind) the imperatives of improving gas supplies and the reality that the common man cannot afford to pay a high price (for essential items). All of this has to be balanced.

MICROMAX CANVAS A1: For the price  Android One is a good experienceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Relatives wrangle over inherited house0
In 2011 or 2012, my dad mentioned that his sister was taking out a reverse mortgage on our grandpa's house so they would have cash to live and he could stay in the mobile home, which was underwater. Apparently, she took the house out of the special needs trust, signed over my dad's half of the house to herself, got the reverse mortgage, and took out nearly $50,000 in equity.
All this has come out since Dad died, and we're wondering what we should do next.
My cousins and aunt have become combative and my own siblings want to sue. The house is worth maybe $250,000 and my aunt can only take out another $50,000 or $60,000 under the terms of the reverse mortgage.
What should we do?
A: It's clear that some lines have been crossed. For example, it's worrisome that your aunt was named the trustee and was able to sign over the property into her name and take out equity. But, let's set that aside for now.
This is a complicated case, and it's unclear whether you and your siblings are owed a dime from your grandfather's property.
If your aunt allowed your father to live virtually rent free for eight to 10 years in her home, she might be able to argue that she's entitled to be paid back the market rental rate for those years.
She might also be able to argue that she has been responsible for the taxes, insurance and maintenance on your grandfather's house and that his estate needed to reimburse her for those as well.
You need to find an attorney who specializes in real estate and estate law who can walk you through this minefield. There may be a way to agree that your aunt will simply take another chunk of money out of the reverse mortgage and distribute that to you and your siblings in exchange for the three of you signing away your future rights to the property.
That kind of an agreement would also allow you to repair your family relationship, and move forward. Hopefully, your attorney will provide other options when you sit and discuss the case.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

The goods: Easy ways to welcome autumn into your homeThese throws have the feel of a supersoft cable-knit sweater on one side, with a more plush, cuddly soft touch on the other — and they come in all the best fall colors. $120 at macys.com
Calvin Klein Home Golden Vines Collection
The rich, earthy colors of this bedding set will take you from fall through winter. Each piece is sold separately, and prices vary by piece at bloomingdales.com
Orange lanterns
Warm up your porch with these orange lanterns, or use them indoors as a table decoration with flameless or LED candles. $25 for a set of two at orientaltrading.com
Autumn Forest Wreath
December isn't the only time of year when a wreath is welcome at the front door. Celebrate the season with this forest wreath, adorned with pine cones, natural salal and other harvest-time products. $72 at wayfair.com

Jet Airways  rule clarity claim flies in the face of factsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Anti-submarine choppers to be made in India soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Khoobsurat movie reviewE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bilawal vows to take entire Kashmir  India says his comment  far from realityBilawal Zardari, son of slain former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, has said his party would take back Kashmir from India, a swaggering assertion before his cheering political supporters that New Delhi dismissed on Saturday as “far from reality”.
 
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party (PPP) which officially wants good ties with India. His party has been trying to recoup since its crushing defeat in elections last year.
 
He made the comments before party workers in Multan on Friday, flanked by former Prime Ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
 
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," Bilawal, 25, said.
 
His mother was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
 
Bilawal's father Asif Ali Zardari was Pakistan's president from 2008 to 2013.
 
Control of Kashmir, which has led to two of the three wars India and Pakistan fought since 1947, is principally split between the two countries, with a sparsely inhabited stretch of the Himalayan plateau called Aksai Chin also held by China.
 
Reacting to the PPP leader’s statement, India termed it "far from reality" and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non-negotiable".
 
"We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed,” foreign office spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, adding the comment took the two countries back to the past century.
 
“We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable.”
 
In 2013, PPP leaders blamed threats the party received from the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) to be partly responsible for their election performance as the party could not hold election rallies for fear of terrorist attacks.
 
According to senior PPP leader, Sherry Rehman, the PPP is also considered one of the most vocal critics of the Taliban and has suffered as a result of its outspoken attitude. In the past, the TTP has attacked political rallies of the party.
 
Observers say that the PPP is now readying itself for elections and possibly it will take a less pro-India line as compared to its political opponents, the PML-N party headed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
 
"The statement made by Bilawal  Bhutto can be seen as pure rhetoric in some ways to put Sharif on the defensive," commented analyst Talat Masood. Masood says that the PPP has the best record when it comes to relations with India.
 
"There is a genuine desire to seek better ties.”
 
Others say that this may signal a policy shift. "But it is too early to make that comment," said Ayaz Chaudhry, who writes on political affairs.
 
Bilawal's comment on Kashmir 'far from reality': India
Meanwhile, India termed as "far from reality" comment of Zardari that his party will get back entire Kashmir from it and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was "non negotiable".
 "We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed.
We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non negotiable," spokesperson in the external affairs ministry Syed Akbaruddin said.
 He said the comment was "far from reality which takes us back into the past century".
 

Fresh Chinese incursion in Ladakh  over 50 more PLA troops enter Chumar regionFresh Chinese incursion in Ladakh, over 50 more PLA troops enter Chumar region
PTI Sep 20, 2014, 09.55PM IST
Tags:
China
(Over 50 Chinese troops entered…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: The standoff in Chumar region in Ladakh worsened today after a second intrusion by Chinese army personnel in two days was reported at another point after they had withdrawn from the same area.
Around 50 personnel of People's Liberation Army(PLA) arrived in nine vehicles at Point 30R and they were in addition to the 35-odd pesonnel who were already camping at a hillock in the Chumar area itself, official sources said. Chumar is located 300 km Northeast of Ladakh.
The Chinese soldiers immediately alighted from the vehicles and positioned themselves barely 100 metres away from the Indian Army, which had decided not to withdraw completely from the region even after the Chinese PLA had returned on their own to their side on Thursday night, the sources said.
The 30-R post in Chumar has been frequented by PLA often as Indian Army has kept an observation post which dominates the Line of Actual Control(LAC) and gives advantage to India in keeping a vigil on the Chinese activity deep across the border.
The 35-odd PLA men, who had returned yesterday morning at a different point in Chumar after going back the previous night, continued their stay for the second consecutive day today. The Chinese helicopters were air dropping food packets for its soldiers but had not violated the air space till now, the sources said.
The Army, which had started scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal Thursday night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents bracing themselves for a possible stand-off, the sources said.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Relations between India  Vietnam have been  cloudlessRelations between India  Vietnam have been  cloudless
Rocks among thestarsReuters | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:36 am
Irene Klotz
NASA won’t meet a Congressionally ordered goal to find 90 per cent of nearby and potentially dangerous asteroids larger than 460 feet (140 metres) in diameter, the agency’s Inspector General has said.
The shortfall comes despite a 10-fold increase in NASA’s annual budget over the past five years — from $4 million in 2009 to $40 million in 2014 — to track and assess potentially dangerous asteroids and comets. So-called “Near-Earth Objects”, or NEOs, fly within about 45 million km of Earth. The agency’s efforts are poorly coordinated, ill-managed and under-staffed, according to a 32-page report titled ‘NASA’s Efforts to Identify Near-Earth Objects and Mitigate Hazards’, by NASA Inspector General Paul Martin.
“NASA estimates that it has identified only about 10 per cent of all asteroids 140 metres and larger,” Martin wrote. “Given its current pace and resources, NASA has stated that it will not meet the goal of identifying 90 per cent of such objects by 2020.”
A one-person office manages a “loosely structured conglomerate of research activities that are not well integrated and which lack overarching programme oversight, objectives and established milestones to track progress,” the report said.
NASA has found about 95 per cent though of the largest and potentially most destructive asteroids, those measuring about 1 km or larger in diameter.
About 66 million years ago, a 10-km-wide object hit what is now Mexico’s Yucatan peninsula, triggering global climate changes that are believed to have led to the demise of the dinosaurs and most other species alive at that time.
More recently, a fragment of an asteroid estimated to be just 59 feet (18 metres) in diameter exploded over Chelyabinsk, Russia. The force of the February 15, 2013, explosion matched the energy released in 30 atomic bombs, blowing out windows and destroying buildings. More than 1,000 people were injured by flying debris.
“Recent research suggests that Chelyabinsk-type events occur every 30 to 40 years,” the Office of Inspector General report said, adding that most impacts would occur in the ocean rather than in populated areas.
Since 1998, NASA has spent about $100 million on programmes to find, assess and mitigate potentially threatening space neighbours.
As of July 2014, the agency has discovered about 11,230 NEOs, including 862 of the largest asteroids. That figure includes only about 10 per cent of the smaller nearby asteroids that are about 140 metres wide, far short of the agency’s goal to find 90 per cent by 2020, the report said.
The report made five recommendations for beefing up NASA’s asteroid detection efforts, including adding at least four to six employees to help manage the programme and coordinating projects with other US and international agencies.
NASA’s Associate Administrator for Science John Grunsfeld said in a letter to Martin he expects a new NEO programme to be in place by September 1, 2015.

4 militants killed in encounter nearLoCPrint
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:30 am
The Army on Saturday said four unidentified militants were killed near the Line of Control in Tanghdar sector of Kupwara district. The operation against the militants was still in progress as the Army believes more militants are present in the area.
The Army said that troops guarding the LoC noticed movement of militants late Friday night. When they challenged them, the militants opened fire resulting in an encounter. Four militants were killed in the initial firefight. More troops have been sent to the area. A defence spokesman said, “The operation is still going to track down the other militants.” Four automatic rifles were recovered from the encounter site.
Last month, the Army claimed to have killed nine militants in a big operation in the neighboring Keran sector. The slain militants, according to the Army, were trying to sneak into the Valley.

Muslim man assaulted for trying to convertgirlNayab Khan being assaulted by Dharma Jagaran Sena members and a woman after he allegedly molested a former co-worker. This is the latest in a string of incidents to single out Muslim youth in MP.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 9:14 am
A Muslim youth was allegedly beaten by members of the Dharma Jagaran Sena and a Hindu girl, who accused him of attempting to forcibly convert her to Islam and marry her, in Jabalpur on Saturday.
After beating Nayab Khan, a mechanic with a two-wheeler company, the sena members reportedly took him to the Cantonment police station where they insisted he be booked under the anti-conversion law for “love jihad”. The police, however, refused to invoke the law, but booked the 24-year-old for attempting to outrage the girl’s modesty and criminal intimidation.
Before he was handed over to the police, Nayab was reportedly slapped and kicked by girls and sena members in the presence of reporters and camerapersons at Tagore Garden. “No male will beat him up (let the girls do the job),’’ the sena members reportedly said when they saw men beating Nayab.
The Hindu girl who was allegedly forced to convert, was Nayab’s co-worker. She has alleged that she had to quit her job and move to Indore because he had threatened to throw acid on her if she didn’t marry him. She further alleged that after she stopped taking his calls, he would call from new numbers.
The girl claimed that Nayab on Saturday forced her to come to Tagore Garden — where he wanted to solemnise nikah — by threatening to throw acid on her two sisters. Yogesh Agarwal of the Dharma Jagaran Sena said the activists were called to the spot by the girl.

Fear returns toDharmapuriMichael Raj says the police forced him to admit that he had taken part in an arms training session.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:24 am
On July 4, 2014, it would have been one year to the suicide of Dalit youth E Elavarasan, whose marriage to a girl belonging to the Vanniyar caste had triggered riots in Tamil Nadu’s Dharmapuri district two years ago. A few days before that, the Tamil Nadu Police began rounding up Dalit youths from villages in the district and charging them with being Naxals.
In the three-and-a-half months since, cases have been registered against 50 youths. Except for six charged under the National Security Act (NSA) still in prison, others are out on bail.
The youths, picked up from Kondampatti, Natham Colony and surrounding villages, have been accused of possessing arms and being “indoctrinated in extremism”. They have all been charged under the NSA or the Indian Arms and Explosives Act.
The police have also claimed that these youth were planning to kill leaders of the Vanniyar community, a Most Backward Caste (MBC), and its political face, the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK). Apart from the “confessional statements”, allegedly acquired through torture, police have no other evidence against the youths. A CID report also found no basis for the allegations of the district police administration.
Natham Colony lies tucked behind the bustling Dharmapuri town, 300 km from Chennai. In November 2012, over 250 Dalit houses here had been damaged in attacks by the Vanniyars after Elavarasan had married Vanniyar girl Divyaa.
Peace had returned to the area after Divyaa had come back to her parents’ house under community pressure and Elavarasan had committed suicide. That’s now shattered, with the arrests leaving the Dalits in fear.
On June 27, the first six people were arrested. The same evening, when a crowd gathered at the Dharmapuri town police station seeking reasons for the arrests, more people were rounded up. Briefing the media, the police called it “the biggest case” involving Maoists in Tamil Nadu in recent years. Dharmapuri had a strong Naxal presence during the 1970s and ’80s, and still receives massive funding for anti-Maoist operations. However, apart from a brutal crackdown in the 1990s and arrest of 30 youths in 2002 for organising “a study camp of Naxalism”, there have been no arrests of Maoists from this area.
Among those arrested was Michael Raj, 26, a diploma holder and IAS aspirant, who was taken away at 4 am from his aunt’s house in Salem by a team of 30 police officials.
Raj, now out on bail, claims he was tortured and forced to admit that he possessed weapons and had taken part in an arms training session. “I kept weeping. Pressing the revolver to the back of my head, an officer threatened me to comply. Another suggested that I be shot,” Raj says. According to him, Dharmapuri Superintendent of Police Asra Garg continued…

HT presents: Here s the eternal cry baby  Times of IndiaShare  more ...
Hindustan Times presents an opportunity to TOI to learn to accept defeat with grace and stop being ‘The eternal cry baby, TOI'.

Scotland fears loss of new powers in referendum hangoverScotland fears loss of new powers in referendum hangover
AFP
print
Having rejected independence and lost First Minister Alex Salmond, Scotland woke up to an unsettled future Saturday as fears grew that new powers promised by London will prove a disappointment.
Violent scenes in Glasgow's main square on Friday night may not been repeated elsewhere but many Scots see their nation as divided and are looking to the next few months with uncertainty.
Flares are let off as police stand guard while pro-union protestors clash with pro-independence protestors during a demonstration at George Square in Glasgow, Scotland. (Reuters)
 
A key question is what fresh powers Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron and Britain's other main parties will now hand to the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh. 
Many people do not trust a Westminster elite preoccupied by a general election in May to honour a pledge of accelerated devolution made in the heat of the campaign.
Salmond said Friday that the proposed timetable already showed signs of slipping and warned that "some of the people who voted 'No' will be incandescent" if it is not delivered.
A pro-union protestor gestures beside police during a demonstration at George Square in Glasgow, Scotland. (Reuters)
"All these promises were made -- it's as if they were dangling a carrot and he (Cameron) has taken that away now he's got the vote he wanted," said Louise Roberts, an unemployed 27-year-old who voted for independence.
"I can't believe that everybody has given the chance for freedom away."
Former Labour prime minister Gordon Brown, who is credited with helping push the pro-union camp to victory, said Saturday that "the eyes of the world" were now on London's political leaders.
In a passionate speech in Fife, the Scot vowed to personally keep up the pressure and said a date had already been set for the British parliament to discuss a new Scottish settlement on October 16.
"These are men who have been promise makers and they will not be promise breakers," he said.
   
'Divided country'
This uncertainty comes as Scotland tries to unite after a passionate and sometimes fractious referendum campaign which left more than four out of ten in a nation of 5.2 million disappointed with the result.
Politics has, unusually, been the talk of Scotland's homes, pubs and cafes in recent weeks and Thursday's referendum attracted an unprecedented 85 percent turnout.
Although Scots rejected independence by over ten percentage points, many "No" voters did so on the basis that they had been promised fresh powers for Scotland.
A pro-independence protestor (R) tussles with pro-union protestors during a demonstration at George Square in Glasgow, Scotland. (Reuters)
"It's a very divided country at the moment, but if the powers come into play I think it will be fine for us," said Adam Stevenson, a 22-year-old hospitality worker.
He said the Westminster parties would be "stupid" not to honour their commitments.
"I thought it was going to be a 'Yes' and I think they will follow through because that's why a lot of people went 'No' in the end," he said.
Queen Elizabeth II has led calls for unity, and voters from both sides are now being urged to display a "One Scotland" picture on their Twitter and Facebook pages.
The Church of Scotland is also holding a service of reconciliation in Edinburgh on Sunday.
   
Westminster wrangling
Edinburgh already has control over some domestic policies such as health and education but has been promised new powers over tax and welfare.
The pro-union camp outlined a timetable for greater powers in the final days of the campaign after opinion polls suggested "Yes" could snatch a surprise victory.
However, there are concerns that the deal could be derailed by wrangling at Westminster.
Cameron wants to include the new Scottish settlement in a wider package that would also give England new powers.
But the opposition Labour party worries the changes could blunt the influence of their 40 Scottish lawmakers.
"They must deliver. If they do not, then the clamour will grow for another referendum," Scotland's Herald newspaper said in an editorial Saturday.
Salmond, who led the campaign for independence, announced Friday that he will step down in November after seven years as first minister.
But he insisted Scotland would continue to hold London's "feet to the fire" to ensure they devolve further meaningful authority to Scotland.
"The real guardians of progress are not the politicians at Westminster but the energised activism of tens of thousands of people who I predict will refuse meekly to go back into the political shadows," he said.

BJP-Shiv Sena impasse over seat sharing still onComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

Xi gone  Chinese troops back in Ladakh face-offChinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 21:36 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 07:33 IST(21/9/2014)
Comments
Barely 24 hours after President Xi Jinping flew back home, Chinese soldiers -- albeit in fewer numbers -- are back in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation with the Indian Army in Chumar in eastern Ladakh.
After more than 100 of their men moved back a kilometre from point 30R on the Indian side of the Line of Actual Control, apparently on the instructions of Xi, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) forces sat in their vehicles for a day before around 70 returned to the site at 11.30 am on Saturday, with seven tents, four trucks and three jeeps. Some 500 PLA soldiers are understood to be providing support from behind the LAC, and the Indian army has also dug in, setting up tents in the brutal minus three degree centigrade weather and prepared for the long haul.
In fact, South Block believes that even though the Chinese troops may thin down in Chumar, tensions will continue to simmer as the PLA seems determined to take control of the hillocks on Indian side and establish the position of the disputed LAC as close to their perception as possible.
Read: China doesn’t take India seriously, yet
So the government is considering moving the Assam Rifles from the eastern borders and adding its 40 battalions -- roughly 40,000 troops --to the defence of the LAC. Currently there are about 105,000 soldiers guarding the LAC, of whom 15,000 are in the eastern Ladakh sector. No final decision has been taken yet, but it is learnt that home minister Rajnath Singh has no objection to the move.
While about 1,000 Indian troops have been sent to Chumar alone, diplomatic wheels have also been set in motion.
"Diplomatically, the mechanism for consultation and coordination for India-China boundary affairs is being activated to ensure  PLA withdrawal,” said a senior South Block official.
In addition to the incursion on point 30R (so named because it is 30 metres high), it has now emerged that some 500 PLA troops had also moved surreptitiously to point 4991, a hillock three to four km into Indian territory, as part of a plan to build a rough road. By Saturday though, their numbers had come down to 35, and all troops at another point, 5109, had gone.
Satellite imagery of the area has revealed that the PLA had planned this intrusion for quite some time, dodging the Indians at 30R and trying to build an axis linking Chepzi (China) and Mane on the Indian side. This hill track would have bisected the Indian axis linking the Indian army base at Chumar with troops guarding the 30 R point.
It is understood that Modi raised the Chumar intrusions no fewer than three times with Xi. In fact, when Xi said that there should be peace and tranquillity on the borders, Modi made it a point to say that there could be no peace and tranquillity on the borders until the situation prevailing before the intrusions started on September 10 was enforced.
Modi and defence minister Arun Jaitley are being regularly briefed by National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, army chief Gen Dalbir Suhag and defence secretary RK Mathur on the situation.

Asian Games 2014 Day 1 Round-up: Indian Shooters on Target  as Squash and BadminAsian Games 2014 Day 1 Round-up: Indian Shooters on Target  as Squash and Badmin
Mosque turns relief camp  helps Gujarat woman deliver baby  gohomePrint
Written by Ruwa Shah | Srinagar | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:17 am
As the Valley was grappling with unprecedented floods, Neeta Kishor, 30, gave birth to a baby girl in a relief camp with the help of locals. Pregnant Neeta, her husband Kishor Kumar and three other members of her family were stranded in a house in Tengpora locality, one of the worst-hit areas in Srinagar. Natives of Gujarat, the family had come to visit their friends.
Locals say the family was shifted to a relief camp by local volunteers along with the residents of Tengpora. “Neeta was in critical condition when she was brought here,” Ghulam Hassan Dar, a volunteer working at the Jamia mosque relief camp said.
Neeta and her family stayed for three days from September 12 to 15 at the Hyderpora mosque which has been turned into a relief camp. “Once her labour pains began, we shifted her to the Al-Ameen Hospital in Hyderpora were she gave birth to a girl,” Dar said. The locals named the girl Kiran — the ray of hope. “They wanted us to give her such a name that would bring hope to the people in Kashmir,” Dar said.
Bearing all expenses, the administration of the relief camp said they felt proud having hosted a Hindu family, who belongs to PM Narendra Modi’s state. After Neeta was discharged from the hospital, the family stayed at the relief camp for one more night till the volunteers arranged air tickets for them to leave. “We wanted to make sure that the family reaches safely to Gujarat,” Dar said.
Neeta and her family could not be contacted as they left no contact details.

Telangana stops poet Varavara RaosrallyPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:16 am
The Telangana government on Saturday denied permission to P Varavara Rao, Telangana revolutionary poet, to hold a seminar and take out a rally in Hyderabad, accusing him of being a threat to peace.
In his reaction to the TRS government’s move, Rao, who has many a times mediated between Maoists and state governments for the release of hostages, told The Sunday Express that he felt as if the dark days of emergency were back.
In reply to a letter by Rao seeking permission to use microphones at the rally, DCP Central Zone V K Kamalasan Reddy said the “Pratyamnaya Rajakeeya Vedika (Forum for Political Alternative)” headed by him was a frontal organisation of the CPI (Maoist).
“In the application, it is mentioned that this meeting is for reviewing the progress, achievements and objectives of 10 years of United Revolutionary Movement. It is reliably learnt that the outlawed CPI (Maoist) Party had issued pamphlets and posters and extensively campaigned in support of the said programme in the areas affected with Left Wing Extremism…,” the DCP stated. “As a result, Maoist open cadres…from these affected areas are likely to reach Hyderabad… (and) likely to indulge in violence.”
Vara Vara Rao said: “Within days of coming to power, Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao and TRS party are displaying such blatant intolerance and misuse of power… (It’s) an attempt to muzzle anyone who ideas or view they don’t like or resent.”

Naveen expels BJD leader for calling himdullPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:13 am
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday expelled senior party leader Prafulla Ghadai after he described him as “physically and mentally dull” in an interview to an Oriya daily.
Ghadai, a former minister, was denied the BJD ticket in this year’s Assembly elections. In an interview to Sambad, he described Naveen as a “wonder”, who does not understand anything, but continues to be the chief
“The people of the state have only tolerated him due to the absence of a strong opposition,” he said in the interview published on Saturday. “He never does anything on
own and usually depends on someone or the other. Though he was earlier dependent on Pyari Babu (Rajya Sabha MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra), now he is physically and mentally dull. He is in the clutches of a few businessmen,” said the 74-year-old former BJD vice-president.
“There is no democracy in the BJD. It has become a one-man party. There is no meeting and discussion between the party supremo and the party leaders and workers,” he said.
Hours after the newspaper hit the stands, a livid Naveen summoned Ghadai’s MLA son Pritiranjan Ghadai to his residence. Soon after, Naveen announced that Ghadai has been expelled for anti-party activities. Later, Ghadai said the people would judge whether the action taken against him was right.

A paradise brought back from the brinkUpdated: September 21, 2014 01:02 IST
A paradise brought back from the brink
Shiv Sahay Singh
flora and fauna
Ten years after the West Bengal government was persuaded by nature lovers to purchase a mango orchard full of rich, diverse fauna, it has turned into a paradise for bird watchers.
A year-long study at the Chintamani Kar Bird Sanctuary in Baruipur, about 20 km from here and located over 16 acres of land, has revealed that the park is home to 108 avian species and 79 species of butterflies.
“Whereas there are only 300 species of bird found in Sunderbans spread over 4,000 square km, the park has more than 100 species of birds and nearly 80 species of butterflies,” Nature Mates-Nature Club secretary Arjan Basu Roy told The Hindu.
Nature lovers claim that the orchard was about 30 acres and the before the State government could intervene, the owner sold 14 acres of land in plots and only 16 acres could be saved.

GST implementation from April 2016 feasible: GovtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bosch: Tripartite talks inconclusive; strike enters 5th dayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi smart man  has a stupendous job on Indian economy: Robert KiyosakiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Syndicate Bank staff body keen to push Jan Dhan YojanaSyndicate Bank staff body keen to push Jan Dhan Yojana
CBI files another perjury case against Prashant BhushanCBI files another perjury case against Prashant Bhushan
Chinese internet giant dwarfs Indian biggiesChinese internet giant dwarfs Indian biggies
Agreement reached between Yemeni government and warring Houthi rebels - UN envoyAgreement reached between Yemeni government and warring Houthi rebels - UN envoy
Narendra Modis Convergence Bill: End turf wars for good convergence  says RahulKhullarAs the Modi government tries to work on a new Convergence Bill, Rahul Khullar has warned that unless structural changes are not brought about, the effort would fail. (PTI)
New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:40 am
As the Modi government tries to work on a new Convergence Bill to bring about greater synergy between mobile, internet and the television sector, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) chairman Rahul Khullar has warned that unless structural changes are not brought about, the effort would fail, as it did more than 10 years back.
Speaking at a Convergence Summit organised by the Confederation of India Industry on Saturday, Khullar said the first step should be to end the turf war between the department of telecommunications, under which fall the mobile and internet, and information and broadcasting ministry that oversees TV .
Khullar’s prescription is to bring about a change in the rules of allocation of business by bringing all carriage related functions under the DoT, while leaving I&B to oversee only content.
“Let me put a proposition of which I have been an ardent advocate, but I am in the minority. Let carriage be the exclusive preserve of one ministry and content that of the other. DoT should exclusively focus its attention on disputes and matters arising from carriage issues, while content issues should be looked after by the I&B ministry,” he said.
Pointing towards the anomaly in the current structure, Khullar said if a company wants a broadcasting licence, it goes to a window in the I&B ministry, where the official goes to another window in the DoT to seek approvals. Such a situation arises because while the I&B provides the broadcasting licences, the airwaves are granted by the DoT.
By bringing all carriage-related functions under one roof, all matters relating to policies, licensing, as well as spectrum allocation for DTH, cable and FM radio, etc, which fall in the domain of I&B ministry, would get transferred to the DoT.
“I assure you that there is no convergence of mind between the two ministries. Sector-based policies, which are being constructed independently in different silos, will have to be reconciled so that they can gel together,” Khullar added.
Interestingly, the Trai has not been involved in the exercise of the Convergence Bill. “The Bill is a rehash of the Convergence Bill mooted over 10 years ago that lost impetus because of turf issues between I&B and telecom,” Khullar said.

CBI chief okayed probe into allegations against Chidambaram  son while LS polls were stillonDayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanidhi Maran also looked into allegations against Chidambaram and his son, repeatedly stating that fresh allegations had been levelled by Subramanian Swamy.
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:36 am
On May 5 this year, when two phases of the nine-tier Lok Sabha elections were still to be held, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha signed off a key 2G file on the Aircel-Maxis case. His “may please be seen’’ notation just before the one by CBI Additional Director R K Dutta is significant because the latter wrote “As discussed with DCBI yesterday, the file has been put up for orders of DCBI on paras 459-461…’’
The three paragraphs, which end the lengthy typed note of the Additional Director, argued that a further probe needed to be done into allegations against the then Finance Minister P Chidambaram and his son Karti Chidambaram in connection with the Aircel-Maxis deal.
The file date for Dutta’s note on paras 459-461 is October 12, 2013 — seven months before the CBI chief decided to go ahead with a further probe into the alleged link of Chidambaram and his son in the Aircel-Maxis case as part of a Supreme Court-monitored probe into the allocation of 2G spectrum.
Once the government at the Centre changed, developments in the case moved fast. Armed with an opinion from Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, the CBI filed its chargesheet on August 29.
It now transpires that the CBI, besides going into allegations against former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanidhi Maran and others, also looked into allegations against Chidambaram and his son, repeatedly stating that fresh allegations had been levelled by Subramanian Swamy.
While the Investigating Officer, SP and DIG had in their file opinions stated the matter — whether the Finance Minister was the competent authority to give approval to Maxis subsidiary Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd to invest  $800 million in Aircel Ltd in 2006 — should be referred to either the Finance Ministry or the Reserve Bank of India for further examination, the senior officers, namely the Joint Director, Additional Director and the Director, wrote on file that a further probe should be done by the agency.
For instance, Joint Director Ashok Tewari wrote on October 11, 2013 that further investigation was needed to probe “the malafide, if any’’ in FIPB clearance to investments of $800 million since it was “beyond the competency of the Finance Ministry and other circumstances related to it’’. This was followed by R K Dutta’s noting a day later — on October 12, and these are the paras 459-461 — in which he used the word “suspicious’’ to describe the FIPB approval. He stated that the CCEA (Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs) should have given the approval: “It is seen that that in the same round of FIPB clearances, two proposals were recommended for consideration of CCEA continued…

Make in India: Most issues to be sorted out within 72hoursThe initiative follows Modi’s Independence Day speech where he appealed to the world to ‘Make in India’. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:49 am
Problems and queries of businesses on starting and doing business in India — barring those needing policy changes — will be sorted out within 72 hours as part of the ‘Make in India’ initiative to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 25.
The initiative follows Modi’s Independence Day speech where he appealed to the world to ‘Make in India’. He had said: “Sell in any country of the world, but manufacture here.” The aim is to take the share of manufacturing in the country’s GDP from a stagnant 16% currently to 25% by 2022, as stated in the National Manufacturing Policy, and to create 100 million jobs by 2022.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), which is the nodal body doing the back-end work for the ‘Make in India’ campaign, is setting up a dedicated team of specialists, including lawyers, consultants and tax experts under ‘Invest India’ to resolve any problems faced by investors, official sources said.
‘Invest India’ is the country’s official agency dedicated to investment promotion and facilitation. Set up as a joint venture between FICCI (51% equity), DIPP (35% equity) and state governments (0.5% each), its mandate is to become the first reference point for the global investment community.
The ‘Make in India’ campaign, which will be done initially only through the digital medium, will have an auto-response mechanism where answers to all queries of investors will be given online within 24 hours.
The dedicated eight-member team of specialists will provide solutions within 48 hours to the difficult queries, while nodal officers (one in every government department) will ensure that the complex problems are resolved in 72 hours.
Queries such as those necessitating policy changes, which cannot be sorted out even after 72 hours, will be forwarded to the secretaries of the departments concerned to take quick action.
State governments also will be encouraged by the Centre to hire consultants and experts to revamp their business clearance processes so that India can fare better in the global ease of doing business rankings. India had fallen to a lowly 134th rank out of 189 countries this year (three down from 2013) in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business rankings.
Currently, it takes 12 procedures and 27 days to start a business, 35 procedures and 168 days to get construction permits and 1,420 days to enforce contracts in India.
The Centre on its part has the e-Biz project (facility for single application for multiple clearances along with an inbuilt payment gateway). The plan is to get states also to go paperless and ensure online applications and clearances soon.

PE investments see upwardtrendWith still nearly four months to go, the PE/VC investments in 2014 till date stand at $7.80 billion. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:44 am
Private equity investments in India seem to be recovering, with aggregate PE and venture capital investments likely to surpass last years’ investment of $10 billion, even as next year might witness inflows of over $12-13 billion that may be the highest since 2008 (which saw investments of $14.1 billion).
With still nearly four months to go, the PE/VC investments in 2014 till date stand at $7.80 billion, which is the highest when compared with corresponding period figures for the past two years.
The revival in business sentiment on the back of a stable government, slight improvement in macro-economic indicators, along with buoyant equity markets paving way for exits has led to resumption in selective fund raising and higher investments that might cross $10 billion in 2014, believe experts.
Girish Nadkarni, managing director at Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors, says there is currently a lot of PE interest towards India, with over a hundred global funds flush with money looking to invest in India. He says it’s quite possible to see PE investments exceed recent years’ high of around $10 billion.
Click here for graph
Darius Pandole, partner, New Silk Route Advisors, says the overall business confidence has significantly improved over the last few months. “PE investors who are present in India are actively evaluating transactions across sectors, and new investors who are currently not present in India are examining strategies to enter the Indian market,” said Pandole.
Raja Lahiri, partner, Grant Thornton India, believes while renewed market sentiments post the formation of the government has helped, the improvement in exit outlook that has been the key focus for PE funds would lead to higher investments in 2014.
Exits have been a major concern for the PE industry, which had pumped in over $95 billion in the past 10 years even as they took back just around $31 billion in the past six years. The year so far has witnessed exits valued at around $2.4 billion, majorly through the public market exit route. With IPO markets reviving, experts see the exit environment improving further, helping PE firms to deploy more money.
Bhavesh A Shah, MD, investment banking at JM Financial Institutional Securities, feels while 2014 might see higher investments, 2015 would be the turning point. “We believe 2015 will see higher activity, in both investments and exits than previous years,” he said.
JM Trivedi, head, Actis south Asia, also believes that it will take some more time for promoters to actually start investing money in projects.

Six killed in blasts at crackerunitPrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 21, 2014 2:29 am
At least six people were killed and over a dozen suffered injuries in powerful blasts at a cracker manufacturing unit, which was operating out of a residence at Sisendi village, about 30 km from Lucknow, on Saturday morning.
Three blasts took place around 8 am at the factory owned by one Khalil Ahmad. A group of labourers were reportedly at work at the time. The cause of the blasts is yet to be established. Police said a large amount of explosives was stored in the house as Diwali is approaching.
Villagers said there were at least three blasts at the cracker unit. Three rooms of the house were completely damaged and body parts of those killed were found scattered even outside the house.
Among those killed was Khalil’s 16-year-old niece Naghma Bano who had stepped out of the house with her bicycle to go to school.
The other deceased are Khalil’s mother Zahira (70), brother Saleem (36), sister-in-law Momin Bano (40), and two labourers Nanakki (45) and Rakesha (32).
Fifteen persons, including Khalil, his family members and six labourers are undergoing treatment at the King George Medical University’s trauma centre. Six of them are reportedly critical.
Khalil has been running the firecracker unit for over two decades. While his manufacturing unit is situated on the other side of the road, most firecrackers were manufactured at his house, villagers said.
Mohanlalganj Circle Officer Rajesh Kumar Yadav, however, said Khalil had a valid permit for the firecracker unit till 2015.

Nod for project to computerise PDSUpdated: September 21, 2014 09:29 IST
Nod for project to computerise PDS
T. Ramakrishnan
The Hindu At present, the total number of ration cards in Tamil Nadu is about 1.98 crore.
INFOGRAPHIC
Tamil Nadu
After deliberations internally and with the Union government for months, the Tamil Nadu government has taken another step towards end-to-end computerisation of the public distribution system (PDS) by floating bids to select a system integrator.
The firm chosen will have to implement a computerisation project. It has to design, commission and operate and maintain a solution, besides managing it for five years. The database for the system will be the National Population Register (NPR) or the census data. This means that the database of the existing ration cards will not be considered. At present, the total number of ration cards is about 1.98 crore.
The project includes software development, hardware components, printing and delivery of cards, service at fair price shops, helpdesk service and training of officials.
Early this week, the State government approved the implementation of the project, estimated to cost Rs. 318.4 crore. The idea is to carry out the project together with the financial assistance of the Central government.
In August last year, the Centre informed the State that initially, Rs. 39.4 crore would be set apart for Tamil Nadu, of which the Union government would give about Rs. 19.7 crore. It even permitted the State to draw around Rs. 11.83 crore out of its allocation.
By implementing the computerisation project, the authorities hope to address effectively the problem of bogus cards.
An official said the selection of the system integrator is likely to be over in a couple of months. Using the Census data and the data of biometric enumeration under the NPR, the firm to be chosen can go ahead with the implementation of the project.
As on September 1, about 4.95 crore, accounting 73.4 per cent of the eligible population of 6.74 crore (aged over five years), were covered under bio-metric enrolment of the NPR exercise. Of them, 4.67 crore had been assigned Aadhaar numbers.
Last week, the State government held a meeting with top officials of the Census department to work out ways for updating the NPR database because inclusion or exclusion of names of PDS beneficiaries will be a continuous exercise. The Registrar General of Census has assured the government that his department would cooperate with the authorities in this regard, the official added.

Fed Pledges to Keep Interest Rates Near Zerofed pledges to keep interest rates near zero
El referndum  en directo (FOTOS)Independencia de Escocia: El referéndum y sus resultados, en directo (FOTOS, VÍDEOS)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Escocia vota en referéndum si quiere la independencia o continuar en el Reino Unido . Tras una larga campaña, los más de cuatro millones de escoceses se disponen a votar y amanecer en uno de los países más viejos del mundo o en uno nuevo y a su medida.
Los colegios electorales habilitados para el referéndum sobre la independencia de Escocia registran un goteo constante de votantes que confirma el interés ante una convocatoria que mantiene al conjunto de Reino Unido en estado de espera hasta que en las primeras horas del viernes se conozca el resultado de una decisión que afectará a su futuro, independientemente de la opción vencedora.
El récord de personas inscritas para responder en las urnas a la pregunta "¿Debería Escocia ser un país independiente?", un 97% de los mayores de 16 años que tenían derecho a voto, anticipaba ya una participación histórica que las colas registradas en los 2.608 colegios no han hecho más que confirmar.
Aunque los datos de participación no se conocerán hasta el cierre de la jornada, a las 22.00 horas (una más en horario peninsular español), las autoridades locales que se encargan de supervisar la operación han confirmado que la atracción se ha mantenido desde las 7.00 horas, cuando filas de personas aguardaban ya en muchas de las unidades habilitadas para la votación.
Te contamos en directo la jornada electoral, las votaciones, las reacciones y las fotos:
En directo

Las mejores imgenes del referndumReferéndum Escocia 2014: las mejores fotos
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
18 de septiembre de 2014. Escocia decide en el referéndum sobre su independencia . Sí o no. Los ciudadanos de esta región se pronuncian sobre si quieren acabar con 307 años de unión.
Todos a las urnas. En esta galería, que iremos actualizando a lo largo del día, recogemos las mejores imágenes de la jornada.
AFP

Lavas tu ropa sucia inmediatamente despus de hacer deporte Deberas...Email
Comentarios
La ropa deportiva de poliéster antitranspirante puede mantenerte fresco y seco mientras haces ejercicio, pero también puede apestar si se queda en la cesta de la ropa sucia durante un tiempo, al menos en comparación con una camiseta de algodón normal, según sugiere un reciente estudio.
Esto se debe a que las bacterias que causan olor, llamadas micrococos , crecen mejor en el poliéster que en el algodón, según una investigación publicada en la revista Applied and Environmental Microbiology .
Aunque el sudor que acaba de secretarse no huele mal de por sí, los micrococos pueden hacer que éste se vuelva maloliente. Las bacterias "son conocidas por su potencial enzimático para transformar ácidos grasos de cadena larga, hormonas y aminoácidos en compuestos menores y volátiles, que desprenden mal olor", según explica el investigador Chris Callewaert de la Universidad de Gante . Señala también que ahora se está investigando qué tiene que ver el poliéster con el mayor crecimiento de este tipo de bacterias.
Para el estudio, los investigadores examinaron a 26 personas sanas, sin infecciones en la piel ni trastornos médicos, que participaron durante una hora en una sesión intensa de bicicleta. Luego, los investigadores cogieron las camisetas de los participantes y las pusieron en bolsas selladas de plástico, donde las mantuvieron durante 28 horas a oscuras a temperatura ambiente. Las camisetas de los participantes estaban hechas de algodón y/o tejidos sintéticos.
Después de las 28 horas, un grupo de siete personas, que fueron seleccionadas específicamente por su sensibilidad a los olores, olieron las camisetas. Tenían que determinar si el olor de las camisetas de poliéster era más agradable que el de las de algodón. En concreto, "el olor de la ropa de poliéster después de la sesión de spinning era significativamente menos agradable, más intenso, más húmedo, más penetrante, más fuerte, más ácido y más rancio", explicaban los investigadores del estudio. "Las diferencias cualitativas eran mayores en cuanto a acidez, intensidad y olor a humedad".
Por lo tanto, ¿cuál es la moraleja de este estudio? Sin duda, que debes lavar la ropa sucia del gimnasio cuanto antes .
Traducción de Marina Velasco Serrano
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR

Por qu el Seven Up se llama Seven UpEmail
Comentarios
¿Por qué el Seven Up o 7 Up tiene ese nombre? ¿De dónde viene esa extraña denominación para un refresco? Parece que el misterio está resuelto. Empecemos por el principio.
La Coca Cola no es el único refresco que comenzó como un elixir farmaceútico . El 7 Up (o Seven Up, que se vendría a traducir como Siete arriba), refresco cítrico que ha cumplido 85 años, una vez se llamó con el bastante menos pegadizo nombre de Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda. Entre sus componentes principales estaba el litio, para levantar el espíritu.
El litio, una sal que se encuentra en aguas subterráneas, ha sido usado durante mucho tiempo como tratamiento para la depresión y el trastorno bipolar. Un ensayo de la psiquiatra de la Universidad de Cornell Anna Fels publicado recientemente por The New York Times se posicionaba a favor de añadir dosis bajas de esta sustancia (especialmente usada para producir cristal, pilas y objetos de cerámica) al agua potable en aras de reducir las tasas de suicidios, asesinatos y violaciones.
Una tabla de la producción de litio de la empresa estadounidense Western Lithium Corporation muestra cómo se usa ese producto en diversos procesos.
Los efectos alucinógenos del litio pueden haber formado parte de los comienzos del Seven Up. Esta bebida, que contenía el compuesto líquido denominado citrato de litio, comenzó a venderse justo dos semanas después del gran crack de la bolsa de octubre de 1929, dando comienzo oficialmente a la Gran Depresión.
Pero la bebida, conocida entonces por ese complicado nombre, costaba más que las 600 rivales de lima o de limón que había en el mercado a la vez, según consta en la historia oficial de la propia marca . Poco tiempo después de su lanzamiento, su fundador, Charles L. Grigg, renombró a la bebida como 7-Up.
Las teorías sobre el origen del nombre son diversas . La explicación más lógica es que el número siete del nombre se refiera a los siete ingredientes principales de la bebida: agua carbonatada, azúcar, aceites cítricos, ácido cítrico, citrato de sodio y citrato de litio. La palabra Up, arriba, se referiría al subidón dado por el litio, según la psiquiatra Fels. La FDA (la administración de comidas y medicamentos de Estados Unidos) prohibió el uso del litio en los refrescos en 1948 , y el Seven Up fue reformulado dos años después.
Chris Barnes, portavoz de la firma Dr. Pepper Snapple Group , el gigante de las bebidas a la que Seven Up fue vendida en 1986 (antes de ello había cambiado de manos de sus fundadores a la gran tabaquera Philip Morris, curiosamente), afirmó que Grigg se llevó el secreto del nombre a la tumba.
Barnes asegura que un libro de historia corporativa documenta la misma teoría, enlazando el nombre al número de ingredientes. Pero también relata que otras hipótesis sugieren que Grigg se inspiró en una marca de ganado. Otra curiosa especulación, explica Barnes, dice que Grigg también trató de llamar a la bebida Click, pero que el nombre ya estaba cogido.
"Es algo que sigue siendo un poco misterioso", asegura el portavoz. "Contribuye a la leyenda".
Y TAMBIÉN...

Indian Muslims will live and die for the nation: ModiThe Hindu File picture shows members of the Muslim community standing in front of a hoarding of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi. Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi
TOPICS
national politics
Says they will never support al-Qaeda or other terror outfits
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said Indian Muslims will live and die for India and will not dance to the tune of terror outfits such as al-Qaeda.
“My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India. They will die for India. They will not want anything bad for India,” Mr. Modi said during an interview to CNN scheduled for telecast on Sunday evening. The Prime Minister was replying to a question by Fareed Zakaria on whether he was worried about al-Qaeda head Ayman-al-Zawahiri’s video announcing the attempt to create a base in India. Mr. Modi was asked about the fact that of the 170 million Muslims in India, there seemed to be very few or no members of al-Qaeda.

Alibaba opens at $92.70 in surging market debutBy Drew Harwell September 19 Follow @drewharwell
China’s massive Alibaba Group started selling shares to the public late Friday morning for prices far higher than expected, clinching the biggest stock debut in history.
The world’s biggest retail giant, which dominates China’s Web and is  making moves on American shores , is expected to raise more than $21.8 billion, and potentially much more, in its initial public offering, or IPO. Shares were priced at $92.70 when trading began around noon, up 36 percent from the initial IPO price, and closed at $93.89.
Trading under the ticker symbol BABA , the megafirm’s value climbed to about $231 billion, more than Facebook, Disney or Amazon.com. Alibaba traded more than 100 million shares in its IPO’s first 10 minutes, according to FactSet, with shares peaking at $99 and sliding back a bit to about $92 by late afternoon. (If you’re wondering if you should invest, we have some thoughts on that .)
A group of Alibaba customers, including a Washington state cherry farmer, rang the New York Stock Exchange’s opening bell as investors crowded the trading floor, capping the group’s splashy two-week world tour. Already a household name in China, one of the fastest-growing economies on earth, Alibaba is now pushing hard to show it can compete with the American tech titans who run the digital economy in the West.
With its messy, sprawling marketplaces Taobao and Tmall , the Chinese giant was home to more sales last year than Amazon.com and eBay combined. As China’s growing middle class of consumers has found, you can buy pretty much anything on Taobao, including  live scorpions  and a cashmere dress for your cat .
But though 80 percent of online sales in China now go through an Ali­baba site, the group is just starting to invest in America. They’ve opened a sleek invite-only online boutique, 11 Main , and have invested in Uber ride-sharing competitor Lyft, delivery service Shoprunner and a handful of other tech startups in messaging, luxury retail and video games.
“After the IPO, Alibaba will have enough money to buy the coolest and latest innovations to make (it) a true global tech company,” said Simon Chan, a partner in the Hong Kong office of law firm Dorsey and Whitney. “Startup tech companies with cool technologies should be expecting a knock on the door for years to come.”
Instead of ringing the New York exchange’s bell, Jack Ma, the group’s quirky, charismatic founder, continued the group’s publicity tour through TV interviews, telling CNBC, “We want to be bigger than Walmart. … They changed the world.” (You can watch a live stream from the NYSE here .)
Ma once again touted Alibaba’s mission , “to make it easy to do business anywhere,” by comparing its small-business audience to his founding of the company, in 1999, from within his cramped apartment. “When I was doing my business 15 years ago, no one supported us,” he said on CNBC. To small businesses, he said, “Come to our site, work hard, everything is a fair-play game.”
Following up with a photo of the mob outside. At 6:45am @nyse $BABA pic.twitter.com/qzCoB8PAvh
— Sally Shin (@sallyshin) September 19, 2014
Ma, an impish eccentric who has become a cult figure in China on par with Apple’s Steve Jobs, appeared characteristically energetic, with CNBC’s Jim Cramer calling him “breathtakingly uncynical.” Ma ended his interview by saying, “A lot of young people don’t have dreams anymore. We want to tell them: Those dreams, you have to keep.” (For context, Ma is one of China’s richest billionaires, and has a net worth somewhere around the gross domestic product of Estonia.)
All kidding aside, Jack Ma may be the closest thing China has to a Walt Disney. Trillest CEO in the game right now. $BABA — Downtown Josh Brown (@ReformedBroker) September 19, 2014
But Ma also alluded to routine Alibaba problems, including the marketplaces’ relentless flood of counterfeit merchandise, which once led federal officials to call Alibaba businesses “notorious markets” for intellectual-property fraud. The group has begun to aggressively remove suspected fakes and blacklist problematic suppliers. Of the counterfeits, Ma said, “They are headaches of the world, and we are solving that.”
Alibaba founder Jack Ma arrived at the New York Stock Exchange after the world's largest IPO and his stock prepared to debut. (Reuters)
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

World united in fight against ISIL: Barack O...Barack Obama
(US President Barack Obama…)
WASHINGTON: As he continues to galvanise the world for a broad coalition against the Islamic State, US President Barack Obama today said the international community is united in its fight against the dreaded terror group, which has gained control over large parts of Syria and Iraq.
"This is not America's fight alone. I won't commit our troops to fighting another ground war in Iraq, or in Syria. It's more effective to use our capabilities to help partners on the ground secure their own country's futures," Obama said in his weekly address to the nation.
He said, "We will use our air power. We will train and equip our partners. We will advise and we will assist."
Over 40 countries have offered to help the broad campaign against the Islamic State, or ISIL, so far ? from training and equipment, to humanitarian relief, to flying combat missions.
"We will lead a broad coalition of nations who have a stake in this fight. This isn't America vs ISIL. This is the people of that region vs ISIL. It's the world vs ISIL," he said, using the Arabic acronym for the group.
"This week, at the United Nations, I'll continue to rally the world against this threat," he added.
Obama is scheduled to address the annual session of the UN General Assembly in New York next week.
Over the past week, the US has continued to lead its friends and allies in the strategy to degrade and ultimately destroy the terrorist group known as ISIL, he said.
"As I've said before, our intelligence community has not yet detected specific plots from these terrorists against America. But its leaders have threatened America and our allies. And if left unchecked, they could pose a growing threat to the United States," Obama said.
"So, last month, I gave the order for our military to begin taking targeted action against ISIL. Since then, American pilots have flown more than 170 airstrikes against these terrorists in Iraq. France has now joined us in these airstrikes," he said.
Obama said the US will not hesitate to take action against these terrorists in Iraq or in Syria.
In his address, Obama also thanked the Congress for approving his request to train and arm Syrian rebels.
"A majority of Democrats and a majority of Republicans in both the House and the Senate have now approved a first, key part of our strategy by wide margins. They've given our troops the authority they need to train Syrian opposition fighters so that they can fight ISIL in Syria," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nissan USA to keep electric car battery prod...Nissan USA aims to keep electric car battery production
By AFP | 20 Sep, 2014, 08.09PM IST
Japanese automaker Nissan is dismissing speculation that it intends to scale back electric car battery production at its US plant in Tennessee.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Japanese automaker Nissan is dismissing speculation that it intends to scale back electric car battery production at its US plant in Tennessee .
Nissan's ambitious electric vehicle program has been a signature initiative of Carlos Ghosn, the chief executive at both Renault and Nissan.
"The Renault-Nissan Alliance remains 100 percent committed to its industry-leading EV program," spokesman Travis Parman said in a statement.
"This global commitment continues for the foreseeable future, and we have not taken any decision whatsoever to modify battery sourcing allocation."
Parman said Nissan has no plans to "impair" its battery investments in the United States or Britain.
His comments came after media reports suggested that the Renault-Nissan alliance was re-evaluating its battery strategy.
The proposal under consideration includes curtailing production at Nissan-operated battery plants in England and the United States in order to instead purchase electric vehicle batteries from the Korean company LG Chem.
The speculation about Nissan's cutbacks circulated as Tesla, the electric vehicle maker based in Palo Alto, outside San Francisco, joins with Panasonic to build a new $5 billion battery factory in Nevada set to build 500,000 batteries a year by 2020.
Tesla currently sells about 1,500 vehicles per month but has new smaller, less expensive models on the drawing board, according to the company's founder billionaire Elon Musk.
Parman noted the Nissan Leaf is the best-selling electric vehicle in the US, having set records for 18 consecutive months. Leaf sales are up 34 per cent through August. In addition, electric-powered Leaf sales have topped 3,000 units in three of the last four months, Parman said.
Nissan is promoting the Leaf through a "No Charge to Charge" incentive offering two years of no-cost charging to new Leaf buyers, in 11 key markets around the US such as Los Angeles, San Francisco and Seattle.
Nissan has helped install more than 650 quick chargers in markets across the US, and Nissan is working with partners on 500 additional chargers over the next year, Parman said.
Nissan has also announced plans for introducing for a battery electric cargo van in the US.
The Nissan battery plant in Smyrna. opened in the spring of 2013 and is the largest Li-ion automotive battery plant North America and the only plant controlled by a carmaker.
The heavily automated plant covers 475,000-square feet and is capable of making as many as 200,000 batteries annually.
The battery plant sits next to the Nissan assembly plant, which was retooled in 2012 to accommodate Leaf production. The Leaf is manufactured on the same line as the Altima and Maxima so volume can readily be adjusted among the vehicles to meet demand.
But electric vehicle sales continue to struggle. "There are many different options for consumers to choose from to power their cars. Electricity and pure battery cars have some advantages but also major hurdles to win over consumers," noted Art Wheaton, automotive industry expert at Cornell University.
"It is also very difficult to change the mindset of drivers after more than 115 years of gasoline dominance. Without major technological innovation, new legislation or tax incentives, batteries still fall short."
In addition, gas prices have decreased or stabilized in many areas. Even though Tesla's new factory may help electrical battery development, the technology remains overall "too heavy, too costly, and rely on Lithium, which is not as readily available as gasoline," Wheaton said.

Atonement rituals begin at SabarimalaUpdated: September 21, 2014 03:18 IST
Atonement rituals begin at Sabarimala
Radhakrishnan Kuttoor
Tantri Kandararu Rajeevararu performing the atonement rituals, at Sabarimala on Saturday.
TOPICS
religion and belief
The Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) has made arrangements for the various atonement rituals as prescribed in the recent Devaprasnom at Sabarimala.
The atonement rituals began with Tantri Kandararu Rajeevararu performing an Ashtadravya Ganapati homom in the morning. The Tantri, assisted by Melsnthi P.N. Narayanan Namboodiri, performed a Thrikalapuja and other special rituals at the Malikappuram Dei temple as well.
A Maha Sudarshana Homom was performed at the Ayyappa Temple in the evening. Devaswom Executive Officer V.S. Jayakumar told The Hindu that the rituals would continue on Sunday.
The Tantri would perform the rituals at the Pampa Maha Ganapathi Temple and at the Nilackal temples on Monday, he said.
Heavy rush
The Ayyappa temple witnessed heavy rush on Saturday.
A Sahasrakalasabhishekom and Kalabhabhishekom were also performed at the temple prior to the Utchapuja.
The Brahmakalasapuja for the Sahasrakalasabhishekom and Kalabhabhishekom
was performed in the forenoon.
The Brahmakalasom and the sandal paste (Kalabhom), in two golden urns, were taken out in a ceremonial procession, with the accompaniment of the sacred Marappani and other traditional temple percussion, to the sanctum sanctorum.
The Tantri poured the sandal paste and the Brahmakalasom over the idol. The Kalabhom was then distributed as ‘prasadom’ to the devotees.
Padipuja, Udayasthamanapuja, and Pushpabhishekom were the other rituals performed on the day.
The temple will be closed after the Athazhapuja on Sunday, marking the culmination of the five-day monthly rituals in the Malayalam month of Kanni.

Nod for probe against Ajit Pawar  TatkareUpdated: September 20, 2014 15:52 IST
Exclusive
Nod for probe against Ajit Pawar, Tatkare
Rashmi Rajput
corruption & bribery
ACB will look into the NCP leaders’ role, if any, in the multi-crore irrigation scam
The Maharashtra home department on Thursday gave its nod to the sanction sought by its Anti Corruption of Bureau (ACB) to probe the alleged roles of Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, State NCP chief Sunil Tatkare and officials from the Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC) in the multi-crore irrigation scam, a senior official from the state home department told The Hindu. The development gains significance as it comes just a month before the state goes to polls.
“The file has now been forwarded to the Chief Secretary’s office who will in turn send it for the final approval to the Chief Minister,” a senior state home department official told The Hindu.
Last month the agency had written to the government seeking sanction to conduct an open inquiry into the alleged irregularities in the multi-crore irrigation scam. This came activist, Mr. Pravin Wategaonkar wrote to the department alleging that the tenders in the irrigation projects were awarded arbitrarily.
In his complaint the activist named several people including the two NCP leaders who were in charge of the water resources department when the contracts were allegedly awarded to a select group, in alleged violation of norms.
“Prima facie the evidence submitted by the department merits an inquiry. The complainant has incorporated the findings of the Chitale committee and the report prepared by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG). We feel that a through probe needs to be conducted so we have granted the sanction. But a final call needs to be taken by the Chief Minister,” the home department official said.
In its 2011 report the CAG, had pointed out several irregularities in the irrigation projects undertaken by state government in the last decade. The auditor had based his observations on the information given by KIDC and the Water Resources Department
The scam was unearthed after the Economic Survey’s observation that the irrigation potential of the state had increased by only 0.1 percent even though Rs 70,000 crore had been spent on various projects in the last decade.
The allegation forced Mr. Ajit Pawar, who also held the water resources portfolio to step down briefly in September, 2012. Subsequently the government constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by water expert Mr. Madhav Chitale to probe the alleged irregularities. In March this year, the committee submitted its 13,000 page report to the government.
The committee however refrained from naming any politician, but stated that the members and the chairman of the governing council of the Irrigation Development Corporation (IDC) should be held responsible for violation of norms and financial irregularities while granting sanctions to irrigation projects. Mr. Pawar was the chairman of the IDC’s governing council during the relevant period and also water resources minister between 1999 and 2009 and after that Mr.Tatkare was the water resources minister.
The state government however gave a clean chit to Mr. Pawar, when it tabled the report of the Madhav Chitale committee in the state Assembly. It however, promised action against the officials and engineers found responsible for the financial and administrative lapses in irrigation projects across Maharashtra.

Alibaba makes history; raises record $21.8 billion in IPOAlibaba surges 38 pct on massive demand in market debut
Reuters –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014 3:19 AM IST
Print
By Liana B. Baker, Jessica Toonkel and Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's shares soared 38 percent in their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped at the chance for a piece of what is likely to rank as the largest IPO in history, in a massive bet on China's burgeoning middle class.
It was an auspicious debut for the Chinese e-commerce company, which was founded by Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999 and now accounts for 80 percent of online sales in China.
About 100 people gathered outside the New York Stock Exchange at Wall and Broad Streets, many of them Chinese tourists with cameras, and they cheered and snapped photos when Ma exited the building with the kung fu star Jet Li.
The stock opened at $92.70 shortly before noon ET (1600 GMT) and quickly rose to a high of $99.70, before paring gains to close at $93.89. Some 271 million shares changed hands, more than double the turnover on Twitter Inc's first day last year, although still short of volume for the General Motors Co and Facebook Inc IPOs.
"This is the most anticipated event I’ve ever seen in my 20-year career on the floor of the NYSE," said Mark Otto, partner with J. Streicher & Co, who trades on the NYSE floor. "I think today’s move is sustainable: The company is profitable, unlike some of its competitors, and it is a way for traders to tap into the Chinese growth story."
The pricing of the IPO on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, told CNBC that underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest initial public offering in history.
But a source close to the matter said the underwriters would make a final decision on whether to exercise the option over the next week or two, based on how the shares trade over the next few sessions.
Alibaba is nearly unknown to most Americans but is ubiquitous in China. The company, which operates China's largest Internet shopping destination, Taobao, and retail site Tmall.com, earned $3.7 billion in the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, up about $2 billion from the prior 12-month period.
At its closing share price on Friday, Alibaba has a market value of $231 billion, exceeding the combined market capitalizations of Amazon and eBay, the two leading U.S. e-commerce companies.
Alibaba is valued at 39 times its estimated earnings per share for its current fiscal year, which ends in March. That is right in line with Facebook's valuation of 39 times forward earnings but nowhere near the lofty valuation of Amazon.com's multiple of 264, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
 
TRYING TO CHART THE STOCK'S FUTURE
The future path of Alibaba's shares is truly uncharted territory.
"It's very difficult to predict," said Stephen Massocca, managing director at Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "Is it going to trade based upon its true fundamental value, or is it going to become one of these cult stocks a la Tesla or Solar City, or some of these names where there really isn't a fundamental grounding to the valuation?
"And it's very difficult to see what bucket these guys are going to fall into," Massocca added. "My guess is there's a very high likelihood it does fall into this bucket, which would lead you to believe it does trade higher. But if you were to base it on a fundamental valuation, I would call it slightly overvalued at this price."
Morningstar analyst RJ Hottovy said that while he expected Alibaba to further grow revenues, it was entering an aggressive new investment stage that would likely pinch margins over the next couple of quarters.
Ma, a former English teacher who is now the company's executive chairman, boasts a personal fortune of more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of Alibaba's managers, software engineers and other staff.
The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on U.S. exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2 percent, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence. Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10 percent to 15 percent on the first day.
Twitter last year saw its shares surge 73 percent on their first trading day.
Demand was intense among retail investors. J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70 percent of what it saw for Facebook and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
Assuming underwriters elect to sell additional shares, the company's initial public offering will become the largest in history, surpassing listings by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's in 2010 and by ICBC, another Chinese lender, in 2006.
 
WHAT HAPPENED IN HONG KONG
Alibaba Group's orange banners were festooned around the exchange, with its logo on NYSE computer screens. Ma watched several long-time customers ring the opening bell at 9:30 a.m.
"I don't want disappointed shareholders, I want to make sure they make money," Ma said of the pricing, on CNBC, adding that he worries most about keeping customers happy.
Similar euphoria greeted Alibaba.com when its stock debuted on the stock exchange in Hong Kong in November 2007 on the eve of the global financial crisis. The stock more than tripled on day one, but five years later Ma delisted the company at the IPO price after failing to impress investors.
The NYSE held extensive tests ahead of the hotly anticipated offering to ensure it would be able to handle heavy trading volume. A call on Friday with periodic updates on order matching and trading continued until about noon ET.
"We've had a lot of major IPOs, and when you have one it's always the biggest until the next biggest one comes along," said Ted Weisberg, floor trader with Seaport Securities in New York, who has been a member of the NYSE for 45 years.
The deal allows cornerstone Alibaba investors such as Japan's Softbank Corp and Yahoo Inc to profit from getting in on the ground floor at the company. Yahoo sold some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 percent stake. Shares of Yahoo were hit on Friday, dropping 2.7 percent.
Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 percent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
In a measure of the mystique the Alibaba name carries with investors, shares in advertising company Chinanet Online Holdings Inc soared 92 percent to $1.96 after it announced discussions were under way with Alibaba to offer digital advertising services to its online shopping site Taobao.
 
(Reporting by Liana Baker, Ryan Vlastelica and Jessica Toonkel; additional reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; writing by David Gaffen and Dan Wilchins; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Leslie Adler)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

GST implementation from April 2016 will be feasible: Revenue SecyGST implementation from April 2016 will be feasible: Revenue Secretary
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 20:  
As negotiations with States on GST enter a critical stage, the Centre is looking forward to implementation of the new indirect tax regime from April 1, 2016.
“The deadline for actual implementation of GST from April 1, 2016, would be feasible. It all depends on how quickly we are able to reach a consensus on critical issues,” Revenue Secretary Shakti Kanta Das said at an event here.
GST regime
The Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime aims at subsuming most of the indirect taxes at the Central as well as State level. The UPA Government had in 2011 introduced a Constitution Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha to pave the way for introduction of GST.
Exemption list
The GST, which has been pending since 2006, is stuck at a crucial stage where States have proposed to keep products such as petroleum, tobacco and alcohol out of GST ambit and have demanded the exemption list be included in the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
As regards the compensation structure, the States have sought a five-year compensation mechanism from the Centre and demanded the same be included in the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
“The discussions are at a very critical stage and we hope to make very good progress. We are quite optimistic we will be able to reach convergence in the coming weeks or months,” Das added.
He said there are four to five issues with the States that are outstanding and there have been discussions on these in recent weeks.
CST compensation
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting to take stock of the proposed new indirect tax regime and decided to soon clear the pending CST compensation for the revenue loss incurred by States.
“We hope and we are quite optimistic that we will be able to resolve (it) in the coming months, which will enable the Government to introduce the constitutional amendments in Parliament,” Das said.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Chrysler recalling nearly 189 000 SUVs in USChrysler recalling nearly 189,000 SUVs in US
By AP | 20 Sep, 2014, 08.34PM IST
Chrysler is recalling almost 189,000 Jeep Grand Cherokees and Dodge Durangos in the US to fix a fuel pump problem that can cause the SUVs to stall.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DETROIT: Chrysler is recalling almost 189,000 Jeep Grand Cherokees and Dodge Durangos in the US to fix a fuel pump problem that can cause the SUVs to stall.
But a safety advocate says the recall doesn't cover enough models, contending the same problem can happen in millions of other Chrysler, Jeep and Ram vehicles.
The recall, posted Saturday by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, covers some 2011 models with 3.6-liter V6 or 5.7-liter V8 engines. Chrysler says a relay can fail, increasing the risk of a crash, although the company said that as of Aug. 25, it wasn't aware of any crashes or injuries from the problem.
The company began looking into the problem in October 2013 and traced it to a spring that can become deformed because of heat.
The vehicles also might not start, and the fuel pump could keep working even when the engine is shut off.
The recall covers SUVs built from Jan. 25, 2010 through July 20, 2011, according to the NHTSA documents.
Dealers will replace the fuel pump relay for free starting Oct. 24.
The Center for Auto Safety, a nonprofit advocacy group founded by Ralph Nader, says the recall is inadequate because more than 5 million other Chrysler vehicles have the same fuel pump power control module as the Grand Cherokee and Durango.
"Chrysler should recall them all," Clarence Ditlow, the center's executive director, said Saturday.
Ditlow's group filed a petition last month asking NHTSA to investigate power system failures in Chrysler vehicles that could cause them to stall while being driven.
In the petition, the group contended that an electrical power control module used by Chrysler in millions of vehicles since 2007 can go haywire, causing them to stall in traffic and cut off devices powered by electricity. The allegation covered Ram pickup trucks, Chrysler and Dodge minivans, the Jeep Grand Cherokee, Dodge Durango and Dodge Journey SUVs, the Jeep Wrangler, and other models.
The safety group says it has received over 70 complaints and that the government has received hundreds.
NHTSA has yet to make a decision on whether to investigate the matter. Chrysler said it is investigating consumer complaints and retrieving components from vehicles in the field for a closer analysis. The company says its vehicles meet all federal safety standards.
The center's petition said that Chrysler's "Totally Integrated Power Module," which includes a computer, relays and fuses, distributes electrical power through the entire vehicle. In addition to stalling, the faulty modules have may have caused air bags not to inflate and fuel pumps to keep running, causing unintended acceleration and fires, the petition said.
Ditlow said the company started phasing them out in 2012, but they remain in the 2014 Jeep Wrangler and the Dodge and Chrysler minivans.
NHTSA also is looking into a New Jersey man's petition filed earlier this month alleging that Chrysler minivans can stall unexpectedly after refueling.
Car owners and advocacy groups can petition the NHTSA asking for investigations that sometimes lead to recalls. The Center for Auto Safety has successfully petitioned NHTSA in the past, including one instance that led to the recent recall of 1.56 million older Jeep SUVs with fuel tanks mounted behind the rear axles. The center contended the tanks can leak fuel and cause fires in a crash, while Chrysler maintains the tanks perform as well as comparable models from other automakers.

G20 aims to  change destiny of global economyG20 finance chiefs aim to 'change destiny of global economy'
By Reuters | 21 Sep, 2014, 12.45AM IST
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey (right) holds up a report with OECD secretary-general Angel Gurria during the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting in Cairns on September 20, 2014.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAIRNS: As the Group of 20 leading economies meet to change no less than the "destiny" of the global economy, members remain divided on how to get there with Germany pushing back at US calls for more government stimulus.
Opening the meeting of finance ministers and central bankers, Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey outlined an ambitious agenda of boosting world growth, fireproofing the global banking system and closing tax loopholes for giant multi-nationals.
"We have the opportunity to change the destiny of the global economy," said Hockey, who back in February launched a campaign to add 2 per centage points to world growth by 2018 as part of Australia's presidency of the G20.
That goal has seemed ever more distant as members from China to Japan, Germany and Russia have all stumbled in recent months. Just this week, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) slashed its growth forecasts for most major economies.
A call from US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew for the euro zone and Japan to do more to boost demand and revive activity, signalling out Germany as having scope to do much more thanks to its burgeoning trade surplus, drew a cool response.
"We will not agree on short-sighted stimuli," a German G20 delegate said, arguing that in most countries debt was still too high to allow for increased spending.
Berlin has been under intense pressure to allow the euro zone to ease back on fiscal austerity and to stimulate its economy through more government spending or tax cuts.
GEOPOLITICS A THORN
The outlook for growth has not been helped by geopolitical tensions, from fighting in the Middle East to the strife between Russia and Ukraine.
Hockey said Australia, as the G20 host this year, had sought feedback from other G20 members on whether Russia should attend the meeting of leaders in Brisbane in November.
There had been calls from some quarters to block President Vladimir Putin from attending the summit given Russia's actions in Ukraine and the downing of airliner MH17.
The overwhelming consensus was that the door be left open to continue engagement with Russia, said Hockey.
Geopolitical tensions were also high on the agenda when financial policymakers of Japan, China and South Korea held their first trilateral meeting in more than two years in Cairns on Friday.
"We shared the view that we should strengthen our regional capabilities to manage financial and economic risks and respond to possible crisis," they said in a joint statement on Friday.
The meeting was the first since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe returned to power in 2012, after ties between Japan and its neighbours soured due to maritime territorial disputes and rows over the legacy of Japan's wartime aggression in Asia.
TAX CHEATERS
Also on the drawing board at the G20 are plans to stem the loss of revenue from multinationals shifting their profits to low-tax countries, potentially reclaiming billions of dollars.
Taxation arrangements of global companies such as Google Inc , Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have become a hot political topic following media and parliamentary investigations into how many companies reduce their bills.
The OECD has unveiled a series of measures that, if implemented by members, could stop companies from employing many commonly used practices to shift profits into low-tax centres.
Since countries began targeting cross-border loopholes five years ago, an additional 37 billion euros ($47.5 billion) in tax had been recovered, OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria said, adding that firms were estimated to be holding $2 trillion in low- or no-tax countries.
"The whole world needs to go after tax cheats," Hockey said about the measures, which he hopes will be adopted by at least 44 countries.

Alibaba debuts to roaring demandAlibaba debuts to roaring demand
World s richest add $6.5 bn to kitty as Alibaba surges on IPOWorld s richest add $6.5 bn to kitty as Alibaba surges on IPO
PE investments see upward trendPE investments see upward trend
http://cnnmon.ie/1qk2HpvGM recalls 205,000 Cadillacs, Impalas
By CNNMoney Staff   @CNNMoney September 20, 2014: 12:10 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Add 205,309 more cars to General Motors' recall tally.
On Saturday, the automaker announced it was recalling Cadillac XTS and Chevrolet Impalas because of a problem with the electronic parking brake arm in some vehicles.
GM ( GM ) said it was not aware of any crashes, injuries or fatalities because of the issue.
The affected cars are model year 2013-2014 Cadillac XTS and 2014-2015 Chevrolet Impala sedans. (An additional 16,249 vehicles are being recalled worldwide.)
Related: A decade of guilt over GM crash
It's the latest in a brutal year for the automaker, which has issued more than 65 separate recalls affecting nearly 30 million vehicles.
The largest -- and most tragic -- recall involved a flawed ignition switch in certain small Chevrolet, Pontiac and Saturn cars. The problem went unreported for a decade and has been tied to at least 19 deaths .
GM recalled 2.6 million cars because of the ignition switch problem. It is paying $35 million to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration for its conduct in that case.
First Published: September 20, 2014: 12:10 PM ET
Most Popular

http://twitter.com/CNNMo...http://twitter.com/cnnmo...
Extra laddu-boondi conveyor at TirumalaThe Hindu TTD Joint Executive Officer K.S. Sreenivasa Raju takes a look at the laddu conveyor belt inaugurated at Tirumala on Saturday.
TOPICS
Tirupati
At present there are two conveyor belts functioning inside the ‘laddu potu’
For a faster manufacturing of the saccharine laddu balls and transportation of the same to the selling counters situated outside the main temple complex at the famous hill temple of Lord Venkateswara the management on Saturday pressed into use an additional laddu-boondi conveyor belt at its laddu manufacturing hall.
At present there are two conveyor belts functioning inside the ‘laddu potu’. While finished laddu balls are transported on the first conveyor the second, which is more sophisticated in nature, can transport both the laddus as well as the boondi – the main ingredient required in the making the laddus.
To encounter any eventuality arising out of the dysfunction of the second conveyor system and at the same time to ensure an uninterrupted supply of boondi to its kitchen for the manufacturing of the laddu balls the TTD as a precautionary measure preferred installation of an additional laddu-boondi conveyor at a cost of Rs.45 lakh.
More capacity
Talking to media persons the TTDs JEO K.S. Srinivasa Raju said the commissioning of the additional conveyor has enhanced the conveyance capacity to eight lakh laddus from the existing three lakh laddus every day. He complimented India Cements of Chilamkur in Kadapa district for completing the installation works in a record time of thirty days.

RBI  we have a problemIf monetary policy does not affect inflation and for structural reasons inflation has declined, then a tightening will yield as much inflation reduction as loosening would increase it — zilch.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: September 20, 2014 12:48 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:56 am
In its presentation to the G-20, the IMF boldly proclaims the following: “In India, more efforts are needed to continue reducing stubbornly high inflation and the large fiscal deficit… Sustainably lowering inflation will also require further increases in the policy rate.” And RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan strongly hinted that it was too early to cut rates because of “persistently” high inflation — and that he would not cut rates until the battle against inflation was “won”.
As is perhaps customary for the IMF, little evidence is provided for their extravagant conclusions; and as alluded to in the earlier article (‘Where monetary policy is irrelevant’, IE, September 13), scant proof  has been provided by the RBI about the causes and/ or the persistence of high inflation in India. Lot of talk, yes. Evidence and reasoned argument, no.
There is little doubt that inflation in India has been high and equally little doubt that inflation is now in a steady decline. The question remains: what has monetary policy, specifically in the form of a repo rate cut or raise, got to do with either increasing or declining inflation in India?
In the September 13 article, I had pointed to a structural cause for persistently high inflation in India over the last eight years or so — high procurement prices (or minimum support prices, MSP) for foodgrains. Between 2006-12, the MSP rose at an average of 12.1 per cent for all food crops, including rice and wheat. To put this in perspective, farm prices in 2012 were double their level in 2005. Average non-food CPI inflation during this time period was at a  much-lower annual rate of 8 per cent. Procurement prices act with a one-year lag and, given that these prices have risen at an average of less than 5 per cent over the last two years, it appears that this structural cause for persistently high inflation  has a considerably diminished presence today.
What are the other causes of inflation that the RBI/ IMF might be thinking about (“might” is the operative word because, try as I might, I haven’t found an explanation from them about either the cause of the high inflation or the recent decline, especially in 2014)?
For long, central bankers had us believe that monetary policy (either money supply growth or short-term repo rates) could affect both growth and inflation, as evidenced by the discussion of the Phillips curve, that is, output-inflation trade-offs. This thinking has the following history. Money supply growth as a cause of either inflation or output was dispensed with in the 1980s in the US, and a decade or so later in West Europe and Japan. The Phillips curve stopped being “operational” in the 1980s. Regarding interest rate policy, the evidence seems to be that it matters somewhat continued…

Because Dutee has a dreamPrint
Written by Shivani Naik | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:42 am
The Athletics Federation of India’s incompetence in dealing with cases of gender ambiguity was exposed with the Santhi Soundarajan episode in 2006. The case was handled so abysmally that the sprinter was driven to attempting suicide. Pinki Pramanik, another athlete accused of lying about her gender, also went through the same humiliation. With Dutee Chand, the Sports Authority of India has stepped in. But it inspires little confidence and seems to have woefully inadequate expertise to deal with the case of the talented sprinter who was found to have hyperandrogenism. It is a condition that has got her barred from international meets, since she is believed to have more than the permissible level of naturally produced testosterone in her body.
India loves celebrating medals won by women at international contests, but it is incapable of protecting its girls, their privacy and their dignity, when they fail to conform to the gender template. This failure continues even after the SAI has ostensibly extended support to Dutee Chand. Does any medical expert have the answers to a fundamental question that will determine the 18-year-old’s future: are the high testosterone levels functional (which is believed to aid performance) or non-functional (which doesn’t)?
When an anonymous coach reported Dutee to the authorities, was the entire set of tests carried out precisely, according to the stipulations laid down by the International Association of Athletics Federations? Were the standard guidelines followed before she was declared positive for hyperandrogenism? Sadly, no one in the federation or the SAI is held responsible. So, it is very optimistic to expect these same officials to step forward and ensure that Dutee, who was raised as a girl, is allowed to compete again. This is especially true when opinions are divided internationally.
Indian officials plan to knock on the doors of the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), and take the human and civil rights tack in arguing their case. They plan to argue that her high testosterone levels cannot be called an unfair advantage, just as Usain Bolt’s height or Michael Phelps’s massive wingspan cannot be dubbed unfair. Hence, she should not be made to undergo intervention, invasive or non-invasive, in order to be allowed to compete in the female category again. The after-effects of hormonal therapy or of a surgical intervention are not fully known, though international sporting bodies have allowed athletes to return after such interventions. Four athletes went through “a partial clitoridectomy with a bilateral gonadectomy, followed by a deferred feminising vaginoplasty and estrogen replacement therapy” and returned to the track, reported the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism in June 2013.
The doctors in these cases, who have been sworn to secrecy, cannot reveal much about the aftermath of such procedures on these nameless girls. But Dutee will need to be made aware of the exact consequences of the choices she makes. At 18, it can be a lot to deal with. Dutee will need to be counselled and, more importantly, heard out, because there are a multitude of agendas continued…

Schooled against innovationGyan Shala runs schools for free, and staffs its classrooms at a much lower cost than comparable municipal schools. (Source: PTI/file)
Posted: September 20, 2014 1:14 am
By: Rajeev Dehejia & Sujata Visaria
Although the Central government is still in its infancy, there is a renewed sense of energy and urgency in policymaking circles. Primary education, especially for girls and with a focus on remedying the lack of adequate sanitation, has received an infusion of attention and resources. While resources are always scarce, the ultimate bottleneck to solving our many policy dilemmas is ideas, and in particular ideas that work in the real world.
In primary education, the initial emphasis has been on enrolment and the data point to considerable success, with primary enrolment rates having crossed 90 per cent nationally. This is an impressive achievement, but policymakers and education practitioners are now coming to terms with the uncomfortable second half of this equation: that school children don’t seem to learn much.
For example, in Gujarat, the prime minister’s home state and where we have conducted our research, the 2013 Aser report states that in rural Ahmedabad, 41 per cent of children in Classes I and II are unable to read letters or words, and 35 per cent cannot recognise the numbers 1-9, the most minimal standards to measure educational progress.
Aser also finds that private schools outperform government schools: only 13 per cent of Class III children in government schools could subtract numbers, but 34 per cent of those in private schools could (although even 34 per cent is low). However, this comparison may not be fair: private schools have more resources and are expensive, so they attract students from more educated and privileged homes. A fairer comparison can be seen in Educational Initiatives (EI)’s 2009 and 2010 assessments of the non-formal schools run by the NGO Gyan Shala in slum areas of Ahmedabad city. Gyan Shala runs schools for free, and staffs its classrooms at a much lower cost than comparable municipal schools. EI compared the achievement of students in these classes to those from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) schools.
The numbers speak for themselves. On a standardised 0 to 100 scale, Gyan Shala students were scoring 80-plus per cent on language tests while AMC students on the same test were almost 20 percentage points lower. The same holds true for mathematics scores as well. One of the most telling findings was that Gyan Shala students were able to answer non-standard questions (questions that were less familiar to students and for which they were less likely to have been coached) at 70 to 80 per cent, compared to 20 to 30 per cent for AMC students.
How does Gyan Shala achieve these results? Its innovative formula is to hire teachers with a Class XII qualification, and then provide them with intensive training and a detailed, scripted classroom curriculum continued…

G20 to check profit shifting for fair tax re...fair tax realisation
( The Finance Ministers…)
CAIRNS/AUSTRALIA: India may have scored a big win in its efforts to receive information on black money stashed away overseas as the G20 grouping of nations is set to endorse on Sunday a framework for automatic exchange of information on bank accounts, putting an end to global bank secrecy.
A number of countries, including Mauritius, a preferred gateway for foreign investments into India, and often an interest of the taxman for loopholes in tax laws, are expected to start exchange of information under the new framework by 2017.
A new global investment facility for infrastructure and small and medium enterprises by World Bank is also to be unveiled on Sunday. "The era of bank secrecy is over," said Pascal Saint-Amans, director of the OECD's Centre for Tax Policy and Administration on the sidelines of the ongoing G20 finance ministers and central bank governors meeting.
A G20 communique will talk tough on countries reluctant to adopt the new strong standard proposed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), a grouping of 34 countries that has been leading the attack on bank secrecy.
New Delhi has been pushing for a meaningful exchange of information and is among the first few countries that will begin sharing bank data automatically from September 2017. The framework would allow countries to get details on bank accounts, interest income, royalties and annual dividends, besides account balance.
This implies that by 2018, tax havens such as Bahamas, Cayman Islands and Mauritius will have to provide information on the annual income as well as the account balance, which will give a history of transactions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba s success story: Will its dominance persist as the market matures(The line drew a knowing laugh…)
By James B. Stewart
Investors love a good story.
They lined up hundreds deep at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel in New York earlier this month to hear Alibaba's executive chairman, Jack Ma , promote the Chinese Internet retailer's initial public offering.
"It was a zoo," said Vincent Rivers, senior portfolio manager for the London-based investment firm J.O. Hambro Capital Management. "There must have been 400 people waiting in line. Everybody was there. It was like a social event."
The shy, somewhat awkward Ma opened by saying that he'd first come to the United States 15 years ago looking for about $2 million in capital. "Now," he said, "I'm asking for slightly more."
The line drew a knowing laugh from the crowd - Alibaba was asking for nearly $22 billion, the biggest IPO ever in the United States - but Ma should probably keep his day job. What the crowd really wanted to hear was Alibaba's growth story, and Ma didn't disappoint them.
A few vivid charts and statistics told the story. Alibaba is already the world's largest Internet commerce company, with 231 million active buyers using its site, 11.3 billion annual orders and $296 billion in annual merchandise sales, a measure Alibaba uses instead of revenue.
To put this in perspective, Amazon has less than $82 billion in revenue. EBay has just more than $17 billion.
But what excites Alibaba's potential investors isn't only its size, but also its prospects for getting bigger. China currently has 302 million Internet shoppers. That's less than half the country's 618 million Internet users. And Internet penetration in China is less than half the country's population of about 1.35 billion. Competition from brick-and-mortar retailers in China is far less than in the United States, which should also drive increases in Internet shopping.
"The potential is absolutely massive," Rivers said. "The real question isn't whether they'll have more users. It's how much will they spend." Chinese Internet shoppers spend far less per person than in the U.S. "If you look long term and they can close that gap, you can get to some huge numbers," he said.
Alibaba also has enviably high profit margins of more than 40 percent, which even by Internet standards, let alone retail, is extraordinary. Amazon has struggled for decades to eke out a slender profit. EBay has an operating margin of 20 percent and Google 23 percent.
Alibaba is the dominant e-commerce company in China by far, which, along with the high margins, suggests that it's the kind of natural monopoly beloved by investors. Alibaba itself attributes this to the so-called network effect. "The interactions between buyers and sellers create network effects in that more merchants attract more consumers, and more consumers attract more merchants," the company asserts in its prospectus.
And Alibaba keeps profits large by dispensing with the high-cost, low-margin businesses that have dogged Internet retailers in the U.S. Alibaba is simply a platform for connecting buyers and sellers. "We do not engage in direct sales, compete with our merchants or hold inventory," the prospectus notes.
I was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Friday morning, where the excitement of newly minted billions was palpable. The Alibaba trading station occupied the center of the floor, where it was surrounded by a throng of "VIP guests" squeezed behind velvet ropes. The street outside was packed, the balconies were crowded with onlookers and cheers went up every time the indicated opening price was adjusted upward. Ma rang the opening bell and dropped in on the on-floor set of CNBC.
Alibaba was priced Thursday night at $68 a share. And Friday, pent-up demand drove the opening price to $92.70. The stock immediately rose from there.
Perhaps some stocks should reflect what I'll call an "excitement premium," which in Alibaba's case is surely significant. That's fine until the excitement wears off.
For a more sobering view, I turned to Bruce Greenwald, co-author of "Competition Demystified" and "Value Investing" and a finance professor at Columbia Business School. Value investors like Greenwald, by nature, tend to be skeptical of stories, especially when those stories are as rosy as Alibaba's. Still, Greenwald said he agreed with much of the Alibaba thesis. "There's no doubt they benefit from a network effect and they have growth potential," he said.
But value investors tend to prefer numbers to words, and Alibaba's numbers, impressive as they are, may give some investors pause.

RBI monitors urban co-op banksRBI monitors urban co-op banks
Rolta shares are a secure investmentRolta shares are a secure investment
G-20 major economiesG20 plans investment initiatives in countries like India
Nov 17, 2014 at 13:07 | Source: PTI
In another countries, the G20 noted that growth has picked up some advanced economies, notably the US, the UK and Canada. However, the recovery is modest in Japan and in the Euro area and inflation is well below target.
Confident G-20 will reach growth target: Lagarde
Sep 22, 2014 at 12:13 | Source: CNBC
While the G-20 communiqu from the summit in Cairns said that "growth in the global economy is uneven and remains below the pace required to adequately generate much needed jobs" and "the global economy still faces persistent weakness in demand, and supply-side constraints hamper growth", Lagarde believes leaders capable of tackling these issues.
G20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by $ 2 trillion
Sep 21, 2014 at 17:56 | Source: PTI
The G20 meeting will be followed by a summit in Brisbane in November. The G-20 represents about 85 percent of the global economy.
Cooperative action can increase global output: IMF
Jun 10, 2014 at 08:41 | Source: PTI
IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said the global economy is turning the corner on the Great Recession, and overall prospects are improving.
Satisfied with G20 outcome, concerns on board: Chidambaram
Feb 23, 2014 at 19:01 | Source: PTI
Satisfied with the outcome of G20 meeting, Finance Minister P Chidambaram Sunday said India's concerns with regard to withdrawal of US stimulus and the need to expedite IMF quota reforms have been taken on board by the group of rich and developing nations.
Aus to give weightage to major economies like India at G20
Feb 21, 2014 at 16:58 | Source: PTI
Describing India as a "strong player", Australian High Commissioner Patrick Suckling said it can play a significant role in formulating effective policy initiatives to promote strong economic growth.
Strengthen policy framework to check inflation: IMF
Feb 20, 2014 at 18:25 | Source: PTI
Faced with persistently high inflation, RBI has embraced a hawkish monetary stance, although the economy is growing at a slower pace than previous years.
India to push for IMF quota reforms at G20
Feb 20, 2014 at 17:58 | Source: PTI
The G20 ministerial, which will be attended by FM P Chidambaram and RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, will focus on implications of the US Federal Reserve tapering of bond purchases on emerging economies.
Ten trends that will shape Asia in 2014: Carnegie
Jan 02, 2014 at 12:23 | Source: CNBC
For decades G7 countries have been buying Asian exports and investing heavily in Asian economies, but Asia`s role has transformed; the region has become a major factor in advanced economies` own growth stories, with Asia now investing in and consuming more from overseas.
Fed can't afford to ignore emerging markets: Lagarde
Sep 10, 2013 at 08:41 | Source: CNBC
"Very negative spill-over effects on the emerging market economies could very much backfire on other economies. So to assume that [the] domestic economy is totally isolated, that a country is an island, would not be the right approach," Lagarde told CNBC.
G20 plans investment initiatives in countries like India
Nov 17, 2014 at 13:07 | Source: PTI
In another countries, the G20 noted that growth has picked up some advanced economies, notably the US, the UK and Canada. However, the recovery is modest in Japan and in the Euro area and inflation is well below target.
Confident G-20 will reach growth target: Lagarde
Sep 22, 2014 at 12:13 | Source: CNBC
While the G-20 communiqu from the summit in Cairns said that "growth in the global economy is uneven and remains below the pace required to adequately generate much needed jobs" and "the global economy still faces persistent weakness in demand, and supply-side constraints hamper growth", Lagarde believes leaders capable of tackling these issues.
G20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by $ 2 trillion
Sep 21, 2014 at 17:56 | Source: PTI
The G20 meeting will be followed by a summit in Brisbane in November. The G-20 represents about 85 percent of the global economy.
Cooperative action can increase global output: IMF
Jun 10, 2014 at 08:41 | Source: PTI
IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said the global economy is turning the corner on the Great Recession, and overall prospects are improving.
Aus to give weightage to major economies like India at G20
Feb 21, 2014 at 16:58 | Source: PTI
Describing India as a "strong player", Australian High Commissioner Patrick Suckling said it can play a significant role in formulating effective policy initiatives to promote strong economic growth.
Satisfied with G20 outcome, concerns on board: Chidambaram
Feb 23, 2014 at 19:01 | Source: PTI
Satisfied with the outcome of G20 meeting, Finance Minister P Chidambaram Sunday said India's concerns with regard to withdrawal of US stimulus and the need to expedite IMF quota reforms have been taken on board by the group of rich and developing nations.
India to push for IMF quota reforms at G20
Feb 20, 2014 at 17:58 | Source: PTI
The G20 ministerial, which will be attended by FM P Chidambaram and RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, will focus on implications of the US Federal Reserve tapering of bond purchases on emerging economies.
Strengthen policy framework to check inflation: IMF
Feb 20, 2014 at 18:25 | Source: PTI
Faced with persistently high inflation, RBI has embraced a hawkish monetary stance, although the economy is growing at a slower pace than previous years.
Ten trends that will shape Asia in 2014: Carnegie
Jan 02, 2014 at 12:23 | Source: CNBC
For decades G7 countries have been buying Asian exports and investing heavily in Asian economies, but Asia`s role has transformed; the region has become a major factor in advanced economies` own growth stories, with Asia now investing in and consuming more from overseas.
Fed can't afford to ignore emerging markets: Lagarde
Sep 10, 2013 at 08:41 | Source: CNBC
"Very negative spill-over effects on the emerging market economies could very much backfire on other economies. So to assume that [the] domestic economy is totally isolated, that a country is an island, would not be the right approach," Lagarde told CNBC.
Videos »

Midfield diamond is Van Gaal s new best friendDiamond is Van Gaal's new best friend
Reuters –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014
View Photo
Manchester United's manager Louis Van Gaal applauds his team during their English …
LONDON (Reuters) - After switching to a new-look formation that sparkled against Queens Park Rangers last weekend, a diamond may just be Louis van Gaal's new best friend as the Manchester United boss looks set to continue with it against Leicester City on Sunday.
United claimed their first three points of the season thanks to an emphatic 4-0 victory over QPR, lifting the gloom that had descended upon Old Trafford after they failed to win their opening three matches.
Van Gaal ditched his 3-5-2 formation in favour of a midfield diamond and it worked wonders against QPR as Daley Blind protected United's back four while Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Angel Di Maria provided service for strikers Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie.
"I started with another system (at the beginning of the season) because of the quality of the players," Van Gaal told a news conference on Friday.
"Now we have bought quality players in and you have to look at these qualities and then perform the philosophy that we have. But that can change also. It is not a fixed solution."
Colombia striker Radamel Falcao, who has joined on-loan from Monaco, started on the bench against QPR and United's new-found attacking riches have given Van Gaal plenty to think about ahead of the trip to 12th-placed Leicester.
"I don't think that Falcao interfered with Van Persie (against QPR) or that he interfered with Falcao," the 63-year-old former Bayern Munich manager said.
"Falcao is a very good striker, I already said that when he came here in his first press conference. I like Van Persie as well - he is also a very good striker.
"Then we have Wayne Rooney and Adnan Januzaj, and we also have James Wilson. We have five players for the two striker positions and I have to choose."
Young Belgian Januzaj has been the man to miss out in recent weeks and Van Gaal has urged the 19-year-old to rise to the standard set by United's other attacking options.
"He (Januzaj) has to compete with very good players," the Dutchman added. "You cannot put 15 players in the squad, only 11, and with this system he has to compete with a lot of very strong strikers."
(Reporting by Michael Hann, editing by Ed Osmond)
Recommend

Sena raises stakes with audacious offer to BJP & alliesSena raises stakes with audacious offer to BJP & allies
G20 deal on sharing bank information to aid India track black moneyG20 deal on sharing bank information to aid India track black money
Difference in academia abroad versus studying to IndiaDifference in academia abroad when compared to India
Yahoo Finance India –  Thu 11 Sep, 2014 12:17 PM IST
World's best Universities: Computer Science & Information Sytems
By Varun Aggarwal, Co-founder and COO of Univariety
 It is common to see students lining up to go abroad for further studies. However, for most of the parents, the distinction between academia within India and abroad is still not very clear. Proper awareness among parents and students are inevitable if they should understand the difference between the academia in Indian and overseas. The education system itself is different; and it wouldn’t be an irrelevant observation at all. However, this observation is only the tip of the iceberg.
Some of the basic differences lie in the academic structures and grading systems itself. In India, colleges follow either the semester based or the yearly examination patterns. On the contrary, most universities abroad especially in countries like USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Singapore and Hong Kong offer course credits. Students typically receive credit hours based on the number of "contact hours" per week in class, for one term. (A contact hour includes any lecture or practical session when the professor is teaching the student while they apply the course information to an activity.)
Most courses at college and university abroad are 3 Semester Credit Hours (SCH) or 45-48 contact hours. They typically meet for three hours per week over a 15-week semester. In USA, the credit unit is known as a Carnegie Unit, in European countries a common credit system known as the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System (ECTS) has been introduced. In India, most engineering colleges follow the course credit system. The number of 'Contact Hours' in a week of a particular course determines its credit value. Typically, students must accumulate 2 to 5 credits to complete a course. The GPA is calculated on a 10 point scale, with weighted average of the grades received in the respective courses.
The educational environment offered by Universities abroad is one of the most holistic way for personality development. Even though factors like research and practical approach does play a key role, the way weekly study hours are segregated is also most impressive. The way graduate and postgraduate study hours are planned out allows students’ to allocate their time for everything related to academics, including an hour to simply pursue pleasure activities.
Unfortunately, most of the top Indian universities do not feature in any top world colleges list. The chief difference is on account of the focus on the theoretical aspects of learning a subject against the practical oriented approach that most universities abroad subscribe to.
A recent study conducted by Indian Institute of Management- Bangalore (IIM-B) shows that the students going for higher studies abroad has increased by 256% in the last 10 years. There remains little doubt on the reasons why!
(The author is COO and Co-founder of Univariety, India’s leading post-school-university planning service.)
 

Narendra Modi has a new admirer - Bill GatesBill Gates lauds Narendra Modi
Recommend
2 months ago, ET NOW
Bill Gates hails new focus on sanitation and welcome Modi govt’s focus on healthcare.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 21 Nov, 2014 10:10 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

New Zealand PM John Key sweeps to third term...New Zealand PM John Key sweeps to third term victory
By AFP | 20 Sep, 2014, 09.37PM IST
The resounding win makes Key the first New Zealand leader able to govern in his own right since proportional voting was introduced in 1996 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WEELINGTON: New Zealand's conservative Prime Minister John Key swept to a historic election victory today, securing a third term as voters ignored campaign allegations of dirty tricks and mass spying.
The resounding win makes Key the first New Zealand leader able to govern in his own right since proportional voting was introduced in 1996 and means his centre-right National Party has increased its vote in all three elections he has contested.
"I'm ecstatic, it's a great night," the 53-year-old former currency trader said after a result that confounded opinion poll predictions of a tight race.
"It was a tough campaign but I think that people could see the country was on the right direction and they rewarded us. I'm just very grateful," he added.
National won 61 of 121 parliamentary seats, up from 59 at the last election in 2011, while the main opposition Labour Party managed only 32, down two, after its worst performance since the 1920s.
Labour leader David Cunliffe, facing questions over his future, said it was time to rebuild the centre-left party, not lay blame.
"I'm certainly happy to take my share of blame for this result, but I'm getting consistent feedback from people that they want me to muscle up, to carry on and drive through the change that we need," he said.
The Internet-Mana party , bankrolled by flamboyant tech mogul Kim Dotcom in a bid to oust Key, did not win a single seat after attracting only 1.26 per cent of the vote, with the German national blaming himself for the failure.
"I'm sorry. I take full responsibility for this loss tonight because the brand Kim Dotcom was poison for what we were trying to achieve and that only became apparent to me in the last couple of weeks," he said.
Support for the Greens slipped 1.1 per cent to 10.0 per cent, well short of the 15 per cent it was targeting while the populist New Zealand First Party (NZF) increased its number of seats from 7 to 11.
NZF had been tipped as a potential kingmaker in a hung parliament but such was Key's dominance that he does not need to negotiate to retain power.
British Prime Minister David Cameron, a fellow conservative, said on Twitter that had called Key to congratulate him "on a big election win on the back of a great economic plan".
Policies largely took a back seat in the campaign to allegations of government dirty tricks and smear campaigns, along with accusations Key's administration allowed mass spying on the population.
The charges were sparked by the publication of the book "Dirty Politics", which cited hacked emails apparently showing that senior government officials conspired with a right-wing blogger to smear political opponents.
Dotcom, who accuses Key of working with Washington to arrange his arrest on online piracy charges, also accused the prime minister of giving spy agencies a green light to snoop on New Zealanders.
Key denied any wrongdoing and dismissed the allegations as a "distraction" that would be ignored by voters more interested in strong leadership and the economy.
The National Party stuck to a strategy of emphasising New Zealand's economic growth while relying on the personal popularity of its charismatic leader, referring to itself as "Team Key".
It paid off as Key's approval rating held steady, reaching close to 70 per cent in some polls, finally translating to victory on election day.
Cunliffe said there would be continuing fallout from the claims aired during an election campaign that he described as extraordinary.
"There's never been one like it. A campaign beset by dirty politics and sideshows involving potential abuses of power at the highest level that will take months to unravel," he said.
"But New Zealanders have chosen to continue (with Key) and we respect their choice."

Mindtree s Chief People Officer Ravishankar ...You are here: Home > Collections > Mindtree
Mindtree's Chief People Officer Ravishankar B quits citing personal reasons
ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 10.24PM IST
Tags:
(IT firm Mindtree’s chief…)
BANGALORE: Mid-sized IT firm Mindtree's chief people officer Ravishankar B has quit the company citing personal reasons.
The company confirmed that the executive has quit but did not disclose further details.
Before joining Mindtree nearly two and a half years ago, Ravishankar was the senior vice president of HR at IT services firm HCL .
Earlier this month, Mindtree co-founder S Janakiraman and four other company veterans quit to start their own cloud computing startup that was incubated by the Bangalore based firm.
Mindtree will be a minority investor in the new company called Nuvepro with less than 20% stake while Janakiraman is investing $1 million to fund the startup.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Security breached: Intruder gets into White ... The US Secret Service is coming under renewed scrutiny after a man scaled the White House fence and made it all the way through the front door .
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US Secret Service is coming under renewed scrutiny after a man scaled the White House fence and made it all the way through the front door before he was apprehended.
President Barack Obama and his daughters had just left the White House on Friday evening when the intruder climbed the north fence, darted across the lawn and into the residence, where agents nabbed him.
The security breach triggered a rare evacuation of much of the White House. Secret Service officers drew their guns as they rushed staffers and journalists out a side door.
For the Secret Service, the incident was a devastating episode that prompted fresh questions about the agency and its ability to protect the president.
Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee on national security, called it "totally unacceptable" and said the incident was just one of a string of security failings on the Secret Service's watch.
"Unfortunately, they are failing to do their job," said Chaffetz. "These are good men and women, but the Secret Service leadership has a lot of questions to answer."
"Was the door open?" he added incredulously.
The Secret Service said the incident would be reviewed to ensure proper procedures were followed.
On Saturday morning, Secret Service agents could be seen walking shoulder to shoulder across the North Lawn, apparently combing the turf for anything the intruder may have dropped during his sprint the night before. The Secret Service said only that the activity was related to the previous night's incident.
The intruder, in jeans and a dark shirt, appeared to be unarmed when he scaled the fence shortly after 7 p.m. Friday, ignoring commands from officers to halt, Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said. The intruder was tackled just inside the doors of the North Portico, the grand, columned entrance that looks out over Pennsylvania Avenue. A search of the suspect turned up no weapons.
The Secret Service identified the man as Omar J. Gonzalez , 42, of Copperas Cove, Texas. He was charged with unlawful entry into the White House complex and transported to a nearby hospital complaining of chest pain. Attempts to reach Gonzalez or his relatives by phone were unsuccessful.
Although it's not uncommon for people to make it over the White House fence, they usually are stopped almost immediately. Video from the scene showed the intruder sprinting across the lawn as Secret Service agents shouted at nearby pedestrians to clear the area.
"This situation was a little different than other incidents we have at the White House," Donovan said. "There will be a thorough investigation into the incident."
Only minutes before the breach, Obama had boarded his helicopter on the South Lawn with his daughters and one of their friends, who was joining the Obamas for a weekend getaway to Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland. First lady Michelle Obama had traveled separately to Camp David.
Friday's incident was just the latest setback for an elite agency whose reputation has suffered a succession of blows in recent years.
In 2012, 13 Secret Service agents and officers were implicated in a prostitution scandal during preparations for Obama's trip to Cartagena, Colombia. The next year, two officers were removed from the president's detail after another alleged incident of sexually-related misconduct. In March, an agent was found drunk by staff at a Dutch hotel the day before Obama was set to arrive in the Netherlands.
Obama appointed the agency's first female director last year as a sign he wanted to change the culture and restore public confidence in its operations. An inspector general's report in December found no evidence of widespread misconduct.
Page 1 of 2

Asian Games 2014: India slapped with $10 000 fine for late pullout of teamsAsian Games 2014: India slapped with $10 000 fine for late pullout of teams
Prime Minister s US Visit: What awaits Naren...Prime Minister's US Visit: What awaits Narendra Modi
Sep 21, 2014, 03.24PM IST
(A mishmash of euphoria,…)
By: Sujeet Rajan
NEW YORK: When it comes to Indian prime minister Narendra Modi's upcoming visit to the US later this month, there is diverse reaction — euphoria and indifference; cautious optimism of new economic fronts sprouting; as well as a heavy dose of scepticism.
Some wave it off as blase — a tedious deja vu of a diplomatic role play, with minimal results forthcoming. Others see it as an opportune moment to protest.
The euphoria is mostly among the Gujarati community, especially in the Tristate areas of New York City and New Jersey. The public reception for Modi at the Madison Square Garden (MSG) on September 28 is what they are waiting to savour, the lynchpin of his five-day visit — at least for these supporters.
The organizers were warned by the Prime Minister's Office not to make it an all-Gujarati show. So tickets were allocated to different Indian American organizations all over the country. An overwhelming response led to a lottery thrown in to determine 1,500 individual tickets.
Sellout Crowd
Seven hundred of the 20,000 total seats at the MSG have been sold to patron members, donors and advertisers, to cover the $1.5-million expense, out of which 20 seats are worth $50,000 each, said Bharat Barai, the organizer of the meet and a close confidant of Modi, in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine. "We have been fair, transparent and methodical in allocating tickets," said Barai.
Modi will be speaking on a rotating stage. By the time he's done with his speech, he would have made a 360° turn. Like at the United Nations, headphones and translations will be available for all invited dignitaries, apart from English sub-titles on giant screens. His speech will also stream live on the Fox Studios outdoor big screen at Times Square.
No community member will share the stage with Modi. Introductions to some 30-odd US Senators and Congressmen who have been invited, would be done by the emcees, former Miss America Nina Davuluri and newscaster Hari Sreenivasan. Billionaire Vivek Ranadive's daughter Anjali gets to sing the US national anthem, while playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy will in all likelihood sing the Indian anthem.
Violin maestro L Shankar will perform, to become only the second Indian-origin musician to perform at the venue, after Ravi Shankar's iconic concert for Bangladesh in July, 1971.
Actress Preity Zinta will be in the audience. Some Bollywood stars had offered their services for the occasion, but were turned down, according to a source.
In New York, Modi is also expected to visit Ground Zero after his address to the UN General Assembly on September 27 and pay his respects at the 9/11 museum there, apart from attending an NGO-organized annual meet 'Global Citizens Festival' at the Central Park, where he is scheduled to give a 15-minute talk on eradicating poverty by 2030. Around 40,000 people attend the festival every year. Modi will also attend several private receptions, including two back-to-back ones at The Pierre hotel overlooking Central Park, organized by the US India Business Council, and the Indian embassy, after his show at the MSG on the 28th.
  The Tough Part
Things will change for Modi once he begins the tough part of his trip: Washington, DC. The rock star status Modi is likely to enjoy in New York is bound to come down by a few notches on Capitol Hill, as experts would look for only one thing — results from his meeting with President Barack Obama over two days, which includes a dinner on the 29th.
Many experts feel India needs to prove to the US that it's ready to take equal responsibility on global issues, not just seek avenues to boost ties on the economic front.
Christine Fair, assistant professor in the Center for Peace and Security Studies at Georgetown University's Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Service, and the author of Fighting To The End - The Pakistan Army's Way of War, said in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine that the Obama administration, while being sceptical of further economic reforms in India, would "like to see the Indian government act like one, to be a global power". Fair added: "Different people are looking at different relationships [from the Obama-Modi meet]. I would like to see a discussion on what India can do on security issues, on more intelligence issues."
Fair pointed out that India has not been cooperative with the US on Russia, and has been hedging on Syria. "India has not been very imaginative with the US on these issues. India is offering a no value proposition on these issues, so I don't see anything significant coming from this visit," said Fair, adding that the US will look to India to cooperate on fighting ISIS in Iraq and Syria, monitoring the situation in Afghanistan, while India will seek help in curbing the designs of the al-Qaeda.
Remember 2002?

http://usat.ly/1v4rAdjFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rolls-Royce lands biggest order ever
Rolls-Royce, the super-luxury car maker, has received its biggest order ever from a Chinese hotelier who is buying a fleet of 30 Phantoms to transport guests at a new luxury resort in Macau. Stephen Hung is
Post to Facebook
Rolls-Royce lands biggest order ever Rolls-Royce, the super-luxury car maker, has received its biggest order ever from a Chinese hotelier who is buying a fleet of 30 Phantoms to transport guests at a new luxury resort in Macau. Stephen Hung is Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u8RIDd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rolls-Royce lands biggest order ever
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 2:48 p.m. EDT September 17, 2014
Louis XIII Holdings Chairman Stephen Hung, left, with Rolls-Royce CEO Torsten Mueller-Oetvoes at the Rolls headquarters in Goodwood, Britain. The Hong Kong casino tycoon placed the biggest Rolls order ever: 30 Phantoms for $20 million as shuttles for the Louis XIII luxury resort he ís building in  global gambling capital Macau. 
(Photo: Mark Bramley, Rolls-Royce)
A rendering of the stretch Rolls-Royce Phantoms ordered by Hong Kong tycoon Stephen Hung for the Louis XIII luxury resort he is building in  global gambling capital Macau. 
(Photo: Rolls-Royce)
The rear cabin of the stretch Rolls-Royce Phantoms ordered by Hong Kong tycoon  Stephen Hung for the Louis XIII luxury resort he is building in  global gambling capital Macau. 
(Photo: Rolls-Royce)
Architect's rendering of the Louis XIII luxury resort Hong Kong tycoon Stephen Hung is  building in global gambling capital Macau -- for which he just ordered 30 stretch Rolls-Royce Phantoms. 
(Photo: Rolls-Royce)
A rendering of the moonroof for the rear seat of the stretch Rolls-Royce Phantoms ordered by Hong Kong tycoon Stephen Hung for the Louis XIII luxury resort he ís building in  global gambling capital Macau. 
(Photo: Rolls-Royce)
A rendering of the stretch Rolls-Royce Phantoms ordered by Hong Kong tycoon Stephen Hung for the Louis XIII luxury resort he is building in  global gambling capital Macau. 
(Photo: Rolls-Royce)
Keys fobs for the 30 streatch Rolls-Royce Phantoms ordered by Hong Kong tycoon Stephen Hung for the Louis XIII luxury resort he ís building in global gambling capital Macau. The $20 million order is Rolls' biggest ever. 
(Photo: Rolls-Royce)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

ET recommendations: Book  app and gameET recommendations: Book, app and game
By ET Bureau | 21 Sep, 2014, 05.44AM IST
0
Share More
While Barack Obama is largely treated with a velvet glove, vice-president Joseph Biden and senate majority leader Harry Reid are not afforded any such courtesy.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Robert Michael Gates spent five years as the US secretary of defence, straddling two administrations, and in his memoir, Duty: Memoir of a Secretary at War, he secures his reputation as one of the most trenchant observers of Washington,DC — a city defined by partisanship.
The book is one of the best tomes chronicling the workings of the Capitol, the US Senate and Pentagon, and Gates pulls no punches as he rages against the continuous political machinations. While Barack Obama is largely treated with a velvet glove, vice-president Joseph Biden and senate majority leader Harry Reid are not afforded any such courtesy.
"I think he has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades," writes Gates disdainfully of Biden. The memoir of Gates, who was nicknamed Yoda by the Obama administration, should strike a deep chord with Indian readers as well, who, in recent times have been presented with a number of political memoirs, written by our country's ultimate insiders. The poignancy, too, flows, as Gates talks about the never-ending despair while writing letters of condolences to the families of US troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan. As a war-time secretary of defence, the burden lay heavier on his shoulders.
This is an engaging, candid and magnificent piece of writing by a man who served six presidents, and has earned the right to tell it like it is.
— Biswarup Gooptu

Un couple de squelettes dcouvert main dans la mainPHOTOS. Un couple de squelettes vieux de 700 ans découvert main dans la main
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
INSOLITE - Un couple de squelettes vieux de 700 ans a été retrouvé main dans la main dans le petit village de Hallaton dans le centre de l'Angleterre. Ce sont des archéologues de l'université de Leicester qui ont découvert l'intégralité de leurs ossements.
Les squelettes ont été mis au jour sur une colline où se trouvait une chapelle et un cimetière au XIVe siècle. En quatre ans, ces archéologues anglais ont décelé au total onze squelettes sur le site.
A l'époque, le village de Hallaton était un lieu de pèlerinage. Ces deux personnes avaient, selon les archéologues de l'université, sans doute été enterrées près de cette chapelle pour son cimetière, un lieu d'inhumation réservé aux pèlerins.
Retrouvez les articles du HuffPost sur notre page Facebook .
Pour suivre les dernières actualités en direct, cliquez ici .
Plus:

Pourquoi une indpendance de l Ecosse ne provoquerait pas de "contagion indpendantiste" en EuropePrevious Story
Next Story
Indépendance de l'Ecosse : pourquoi la victoire du "oui" au référendum ne provoquerait pas de "contagion indépendantiste" en Europe
Le HuffPost avec AFP  | Par Maxime Bourdier
E-mail
Commenter
INTERNATIONAL - Les Écossais retiennent leur souffle. Ce jeudi 18 septembre se tient le fameux référendum qui doit déterminer si oui ou non la patrie de William Wallace quitte le Royaume-Uni pour prendre son indépendance. Les résultats du vote, que les sondages prédisent très serrés, devraient être annoncés vendredi matin aux alentours de 6h .
Une victoire du "oui" coûterait cher au Royaume-Uni et aurait des conséquences pour Ecosse mais aussi l'Europe, tant sur le plan politique qu'économique. Elle pourrait aussi encourager les autres mouvements indépendantistes du Vieux continent , dont certains ont exprimé leur solidarité et envoyé des représentants à Edimbourg ces dernières semaines.
De la Catalogne à la Flandre en passant par la Corse, faut-il pour autant craindre une "contagion indépendantiste" , un effet domino qui entraînerait un morcellement de l'Europe en micro-Etats dans les prochaines années? Rien n'est moins sûr. Voici pourquoi:
Catalans et Basques barrés par la Constitution espagnole
Le 11 septembre dernier, entre 500.000 (selon le gouvernement espagnol) et 1,8 million de personnes (selon les organisateurs) se sont mobilisés pour la "Diada" , la fête nationale de la Catalogne. Des indépendantistes en nombre, qui en ont profité pour exprimer leur solidarité avec le camp du "oui" en Ecosse, comme ils l'ont également fait dans la presse écossaise.
— Aude Soufi (@___Aude___) 17 Septembre 2014
La Catalogne est la deuxième région européenne dont les habitants seront consultés cette année pour se prononcer sur leur indépendance.  Organisé par le gouvernement régional catalan (nationaliste), un référendum doit se tenir le 9 novembre prochain . Mais contrairement au gouvernement britannique, Madrid s'y oppose catégoriquement, invoquant la Constitution espagnole.
Le président catalan Artur Mas veut faire adopter par le parlement régional une loi qui lui permette d'organiser la consultation mais le gouvernement conservateur de Mariano Rajoy saisirait alors le Tribunal constitutionnel pour qu'il suspende cette loi. Il sera difficile de faire reconnaître par la communauté internationale les résultats d'un scrutin organisé à l'encontre d'une décision du tribunal et le référendum du 9 novembre (s'il a lieu) n'aura donc qu'une valeur consultative.
En Espagne, la solution pourrait venir d'un changement de majorité gouvernementale. S'ils reprennent le pouvoir en 2015, les socialistes proposent en effet de modifier la Constitution, ce qui permettrait à l'Espagne de devenir un Etat fédéral et donc d'accroître l'autonomie de la Catalogne mais aussi de la Galice et du Pays basque. Euskadi, qui dispose d'une plus grande autonomie fiscale, a vu son projet de référendum d'autodétermination bloqué par le gouvernement espagnol en 2008. Autant dire que l'indépendance, ce n'est pas pour tout de suite.
Les Flamands contraints de revoir leurs ambitions
Comme le résume Vincent Laborderie, chercheur à l'Université Catholique de Louvain interrogé par Le Figaro , une victoire de l'indépendance "peut évidemment donner des idées à d'autres" mais l'Ecosse comme la Catalogne restent des "exceptions". "A part ces deux cas, il n'y a pas de forces politiques régionalistes suffisamment puissantes et organisées pour envisager l'indépendance à court terme" explique le chercheur.
Il prend l'exemple de la Flandre, où les indépendantistes de l'Alliance néo-flamande (N-VA), pourtant plus puissants que jamais , ont dû revoir leurs ambitions à la baisse. En Flandre, la question de l'indépendance de la Région flamande est mise entre parenthèses par ses partisans pour des raisons de stratégie politique ( mais aussi parce que son coût serait très élevé ).
Bart De Wever, leader de la N-VA, s'est allié avec les conservateurs de Cameron au Parlement européen
D'autant plus la Flandre a obtenu ces dernières décennies bien plus de compétences que l'Écosse, et domine déjà la scène politique et économique en Belgique. Selon le politologue Dave Sinardet, les élites flamandes ne soutiennent pas l'indépendance, qui n'emporterait l'adhésion que de "10% de convaincus". Pour les nationalistes flamands, qui se sont d'ailleurs alliés avec les conservateurs britanniques de David Cameron au Parlement européen, une autre perspective plus réaliste se dessine.
Comme pour les Catalans et les Basques en Espagne, une nouvelle évolution de la Belgique, qui deviendrait alors un Etat "confédéral", pourrait effet offrir à la Flandre une autonomie quasi-totale sans pour autant faire éclater le pays. Un objectif qui pourrait être atteint en cas de succès de la N-VA aux élections législatives de 2019.
Pas de quoi s'enflammer en France
République indivisible et centralisée, la France ne reconnaît aucune communauté autonome sur son territoire, à la différence de l'Espagne. Sur le plan culturel, elle est aussi l'un des seuls Etats d'Europe à n'avoir toujours pas ratifié la charte européenne des langues régionales ou minoritaires . Dans cette logique, l'hypothèse d'un référendum d'autodétermination dans notre pays est donc plus qu'improbable.
Comme en Catalogne, la perspective d'une victoire du "oui" en Ecosse est accueillie avec enthousiasme par les principaux mouvements indépendantistes de France, qu'ils soient corses, basques ou bretons. Mais ils ne se font pas d'illusions sur la possibilité de voir un tel scénario se reproduire dans l'Hexagone. Les Corses de Corsica Libera et Femu a Corsica ont beau affirmer que le scrutin écossais est "transposable dans le cadre français", leurs homologues basques et bretons sont plus prudents.
— Unità Naziunale (@UnitaNaziunale) 17 Septembre 2014
Au nom des trois principaux partis nationalistes basques français, Peio Etcheverry-Ainchart fait part de son enthousiasme mais regrette que la France soit "le seul État d'Europe occidentale à ne reconnaître d'autre identité nationale que l'identité française". Ce qui marque, dans les milieux bretons, c'est moins la question de l'indépendance que le parole donnée au peuple, par opposition à un système institutionnel français jugé cadenassé.
Pour Christian Troadec, maire de Carhaix et figure des Bonnets Rouges, une transposition est "difficilement envisageable en France", pays "hypercentralisé qui ne reconnaît pas de droits à ses minorités".  Yves Pelle, président du Parti breton, est sur la même longueur d'ondes. Il juge "très enthousiasmant" le référendum écossais mais estime qu'en France, "ça n'est même pas imaginable".
Et ailleurs en Europe?
S'il existe d'autres mouvements indépendantistes plus ou moins actifs en Europe, ils sont loin de peser suffisamment pour obtenir la tenue d'un référendum d'autodétermination. C'est notamment le cas en Italie, où la Ligue du Nord a un temps prôné la sécession de la Padanie (la partie nord du pays) car elle refusait de "payer" pour l'Italie du Sud, moins industrialisée.
Mais l'accession au pouvoir du parti sous Silvio Berlusconi l'a mené vers une tendance plus modérée et fédéraliste. Et la Ligue du Nord s'est effondré lors des dernières élections générales italiennes , avec seulement 4% des voix.
Bien plus modestes, les indépendantistes de Sardaigne, de Sicile, des îles Féroé ou encore de Bavière disposent de bien trop peu (voire d'aucun) élus pour exercer une quelconque influence dans les parlements locaux et nationaux. Sur le Vieux Continent, les mouvements réclamant plus d'autonomie, ou des réformes d'inspiration fédéraliste restent davantage reconnus.
LIRE AUSSI:

Fromages franais  chocolat suisse... l embargo russe ravit les BilorussesL'embargo russe permet aux Biélorusses de s'offrir des produits européens à moindre coût
Le HuffPost/AFP
E-mail
Commenter
INTERNATIONAL - Les fromages français, le chocolat belge et suisse, le sucre candi allemand et de vraies pâtes italiennes: la Biélorussie qualifié souvent de "dernière dictature d'Europe" découvre les délices fabriqués en Union européenne, grâce à l'embargo alimentaire russe.
Frappée par de lourdes sanctions occidentales, la Russie que les Etats-Unis et l'UE accusent d'être impliquée dans le conflit en Ukraine a interdit début août l'importation des produits alimentaires des pays qui la sanctionnent .
Face à cet embargo sans précédent, les fournisseurs se sont massivement tournés vers la Biélorussie voisine où le Camembert et le jambon espagnol -- vendus uniquement dans des supermarchés haut de gamme à des prix deux ou trois fois plus élevés qu'en Europe -- étaient jusqu'ici un rêve inaccessible.
Du Brie ou du Parmesan sans trop dépenser
"Merci Vladimir Poutine!", lance l'ingénieur Vladimir Nesterovitch, en achetant une boîte de gâteaux italiens pour son fils à 1,70 euros dans un supermarché de Minsk. Alors que les prix de certains produits alimentaires en Russie se sont envolés depuis la mise en place de l'embargo, les Biélorusses ordinaires peuvent se régaler désormais avec du Brie ou du Parmesan sans trop dépenser.
Bannis soudainement du vaste marché russe, les exportateurs européens -- soucieux de vendre leurs produits coûte que coûte -- baissent les prix en Biélorussie. "Je n'avais jamais mangé de fromages fabriqués à l'étranger", avoue Alexandre Vasiliev, maître de conférence à Minsk. "Maintenant j'achète du Mascarpone et je l'étale sur mon pain chaque matin. Il s'avère qu'il est délicieux et je n'ai pas faim jusqu'à l'heure du déjeuner", a-t-il raconté à l'AFP.
Différentes sortes de Mascarpone ont fait un tabac parmi les clients, confirme une responsable des ventes de ce supermarché de la capitale bélarusse, tout comme les pêches et les poivrons proposés à 1 euro le kilo. "Pendant cette saison, j'achète autant de fruits et de légumes importés que je veux", se félicite le retraité Andreï Fokine.
Ce boom des ventes d'aliments importés intervient en dépit des rappels réguliers par la télévision publique biélorusse que les produits locaux sont les meilleurs. Dirigé d'une main de fer par le président autoritaire Alexandre Loukachenko depuis 1994, la Biélorussies a été frappée à plusieurs reprises par des sanctions de l'UE qui l'accuse notamment de réprimer l'opposition.
Selon le programme national de sécurité alimentaire, entre 80% et 85% des produits consommés dans ce pays de 9,5 millions d'habitants doivent être fabriqués en Biélorussie. Les Biélorusses qui dépensent en moyenne plus de 40% de leurs revenus pour la nourriture ne se plaignent aujourd'hui que du prix des alcools produits en Europe. "C'est honteux pour Poutine de ne pas avoir décrété d'embargo sur l'alcool aussi!", s'exclame Vladimir Nesterovitch.
"L'âge d'or pour les exportateurs"
Alors que les Biélorusses savourent les délices "made in EU", les producteurs locaux tentent aussi de tirer profit de cette confrontation entre Moscou et les Européens, en augmentant leurs exportations vers la Russie. Ainsi, les exportations de produits alimentaires biélorusses ont augmenté de 7% en août, selon le ministère biélorusse de l'Agriculture.
"Un âge d'or a commencé pour les exportateurs biélorusses", estime Fiodor Privalov, directeur du Centre de l'Agriculture auprès de l'Académie des sciences de Biélorussie."De telles occasions ne se présentent que tous les 20 ou 30 ans", souligne-t-il, en précisant que des produits alimentaires biélorusses sont actuellement envoyés jusque dans l'Oural.
Gâtés par l'abondance des produits importés de l'UE, certains consommateurs biélorusses s'estiment toutefois lésés après la décision des producteurs locaux de réorienter leurs livraisons vers la Russie. Le retraité Léonid Deïko se plaint ainsi de ne plus trouver dans les magasins son lait biélorusse préféré. "Et les produits importés, je n'ai pas besoin d'eux, je ne les regarde même pas", ajoute-t-il.
Lire aussi:

New beginning to end global bank secrecy: G20fair tax realisation
( The Finance Ministers…)
CAIRNS/AUSTRALIA: India may have scored a big win in its efforts to receive information on black money stashed away overseas as the G20 grouping of nations is set to endorse on Sunday a framework for automatic exchange of information on bank accounts, putting an end to global bank secrecy.
A number of countries, including Mauritius, a preferred gateway for foreign investments into India, and often an interest of the taxman for loopholes in tax laws, are expected to start exchange of information under the new framework by 2017.
A new global investment facility for infrastructure and small and medium enterprises by World Bank is also to be unveiled on Sunday. "The era of bank secrecy is over," said Pascal Saint-Amans, director of the OECD's Centre for Tax Policy and Administration on the sidelines of the ongoing G20 finance ministers and central bank governors meeting.
A G20 communique will talk tough on countries reluctant to adopt the new strong standard proposed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), a grouping of 34 countries that has been leading the attack on bank secrecy.
New Delhi has been pushing for a meaningful exchange of information and is among the first few countries that will begin sharing bank data automatically from September 2017. The framework would allow countries to get details on bank accounts, interest income, royalties and annual dividends, besides account balance.
This implies that by 2018, tax havens such as Bahamas, Cayman Islands and Mauritius will have to provide information on the annual income as well as the account balance, which will give a history of transactions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: How are people in Kashmir dealing with the natural calamityDal lake
(Everything is political…)
SRINAGAR: Great calamities bring searing images in their wake; scenes one intuitively realizes one will never forget. Kashmir had already had its share of death and destruction, enough to last its residents two lifetimes. A quarter of a century of brutal turmoil has mangled lives and bodies, rendered Kashmiris into a complex mass of severe trauma, resilience and resistance. Sometimes, there is the feeling that souls here have been so forged in blood-red pain that they have broken through normal psychological limits, and no longer suffer suffering like other humans do.
Death, violent death, is at home in Kashmir. And people used to it somehow just aren't affected the same way it can affect other people. How else do you try to describe a state of being where streets and lanes you have walked, cycled through, played in as a green teenager, now resembling a post-apocalyptic, flooded, landscape leaving you somehow dry? It hurts, it's like a probing cold instrument running along the seams of old wounds, but somehow you're not in tears.
The searing images are there:
in what you yourself see, in what your friends and colleagues and people you don't know tell you about what they have seen. For some it is that sight of debris and carcasses floating in their homes, for others the story of how someone was begging to be rescued, how babies were crying with hunger and thirst, how desperate people held up their children from first- or second-floor windows in inundated homes hoping against hope that that the stray rescue boat would pay attention. Or an unrecognizable body floating slowly by. Or how people who lost their homes had a distant look in their eyes.
But sometimes there are other images, even if they are somehow, well, quieter. It can be the sight of that bloated rat or, rather, the touch of a slithery, dead thing against your foot as you walk in cold flood water in your slippers across a badly affected area, and look down to see it. Or it can be the sight of scores of people standing on a bridge of your childhood, in an area where you were born and spent the first 12-odd years of your life, hauling, with ropes, a barge right across the furious current of a still-swollen Jhelum, with four people in the barge unwinding a thick electric cable to the other side. The sagging cable across the river had been swept away by the surging water which rose almost till the railings of the bridge, and here were people not waiting for an absent government to fix it.
Or it could be the sight of a paisley — that delicate curvature of embroidery every Kashmiri feels an affinity with — on what must have been a lovely jamavar shawl, dripping crimson tears while hanging out to dry after being hauled out of a flooded handicraft shop.
You could call the first one an image of the real threat of disease that is now, two weeks after the waters first rose, raising its menacing hood over the already beleaguered people. The second, a picture of the sort of incredible self-help people have displayed. And the third, an image of pure sorrow, of the latest tragedy of Kashmir, a tragedy that many feel will change the face of the land they love for a long, long time to come.
****
For Kashmiris living away, it was a different sort of terror when news first started filtering out of the flood back home. Already, more than two weeks earlier, there was the emerging sense that this would be one of the 'big ones', and later it was confirmed that this was the worst flood in over a century. Now, imagine a situation where you hear of such a deluge, and you simply don't know, even as day upon long day begins to pass, whether your family is alright, or dead, or what has happened to your friends.
Bunches of Kashmiris began to gather in Delhi and elsewhere, each hungry for the smallest scrap of information — almost all communication links were utterly dead — and the odd, rare phone call someone had got, the 'news' communicated over social media or texts was the sole source which people began to pore over, sift and examine. Some mobilization began; efforts to form volunteer groups to try and send aid back home. In some days it was clear that most of Srinagar was under water and even as people prepared to either head back home or organize relief efforts from outside, there was that other source of bile-inducing anger: much of the Indian media.
Everything is political in Kashmir. Even a flood. And even people stressing that this is not the time for politics know that. And much of the Indian media, which has habitually been the greatest source of disinformation and rank propaganda on Kashmir, seemed to go into an insane overdrive. What do you call a 'reporter' (and the TV channel he or she works for), shoving a mike into the face of the harrowed, exhausted person rescued by the army and asking, "Are you grateful to the Indian army now?" Even propaganda has a code. Here, there seemed to be none.

UPDATE 5-Yemeni government and Houthi rebels reach agreement  UN envoy saysUPDATE 5-Yemeni government and Houthi rebels reach agreement  UN envoy says
Sena raises stakes with audacious offer to BJPSena raises stakes with audacious offer to BJP
China pledges to cut carbon intensity by 2020Updated: September 19, 2014 18:58 IST
China pledges to cut carbon intensity by 2020
PTI
Tweet
AP Some 20 Chinese traditional drummers wearing T-shirts bearing slogans "Save the climate, no time to waste" and "tck tck tck (time to act on climate change) Copenhagen" take part in a Greenpeace event addressing world leaders in Copenhagen, in Beijing, China. A file photo.
AP Chinese walk past a pipe releasing smoke next to a pedestrian street while the city center is shrouded in fog, caused by air pollution, Beijing on Dec. 7, 2009. A file photo.
AP A Chinese boy cycles past a cooling towers of a coal-fired power plant in Dadong, Shanxi province, China. A file photo.
TOPICS
climate change
China has pledged to reduce its carbon emission intensity by 40-45 per cent by 2020 from the 2005 level in a new plan unveiled just ahead of a UN climate summit in New York.
The plan, approved by Chinese cabinet, maps out major climate change goals which China intends to meet by 2020.
It also aims to bring the proportion of non-fossil fuels to about 15 per cent of its total primary energy consumption.
Other targets include increasing forest coverage by 40 million hectares within the next five years.
China will speed up efforts to establish a carbon emission permit market, under the plan, which also calls for deepened international cooperation under the principles of “common but differentiated responsibilities,” equity and respective capability.
The central government said local governments and departments should recognise the significance and urgency in dealing with climate change and prioritise their action on the issue.
The action plan came just before a climate summit to be held at UN Headquarters in New York on Tuesday that would be attended by Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli.
Xie Zhenhua, deputy chief of the NDRC and the country’s top official on climate change, told reporters that the plan was a concrete action by China to participate in the global process to tackle climate change.
In the first nine months of 2014, China’s energy consumption per unit of GDP dropped by 4.2 per cent year-on-year and carbon intensity was cut by about 5 per cent, both representing the largest drops in years, he said.
As a developing country, China is the world’s largest greenhouse gas emitter. With the plan, the country has showed confidence in achieving green goals.
Mr. Xie called for a new global protocol on climate change to adhere to the principles of fairness and common but differentiated responsibilities, referring to the responsibilities of developed and developing countries in reducing their carbon footprints respective to their developmental abilities.
Data released by various research institutions have suggested that developing nations have accounted for 70 per cent of all the greenhouse gas emissions cuts in the world, according to Mr. Xie.
Promising that China would announce measures on tackling climate change after 2020 at the upcoming summit, he said that this work is not only China’s binding international obligation, but also essential for its own development, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.

TDP website allegedly displays Hitler-like morphed photo of K Chandrashekar RaoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Chinese troops back in Ladakh after retreat during Xi s visitChinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 21:36 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 07:33 IST(21/9/2014)
Comments
Barely 24 hours after President Xi Jinping flew back home, Chinese soldiers -- albeit in fewer numbers -- are back in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation with the Indian Army in Chumar in eastern Ladakh.
After more than 100 of their men moved back a kilometre from point 30R on the Indian side of the Line of Actual Control, apparently on the instructions of Xi, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) forces sat in their vehicles for a day before around 70 returned to the site at 11.30 am on Saturday, with seven tents, four trucks and three jeeps. Some 500 PLA soldiers are understood to be providing support from behind the LAC, and the Indian army has also dug in, setting up tents in the brutal minus three degree centigrade weather and prepared for the long haul.
In fact, South Block believes that even though the Chinese troops may thin down in Chumar, tensions will continue to simmer as the PLA seems determined to take control of the hillocks on Indian side and establish the position of the disputed LAC as close to their perception as possible.
Read: China doesn’t take India seriously, yet
So the government is considering moving the Assam Rifles from the eastern borders and adding its 40 battalions -- roughly 40,000 troops --to the defence of the LAC. Currently there are about 105,000 soldiers guarding the LAC, of whom 15,000 are in the eastern Ladakh sector. No final decision has been taken yet, but it is learnt that home minister Rajnath Singh has no objection to the move.
While about 1,000 Indian troops have been sent to Chumar alone, diplomatic wheels have also been set in motion.
"Diplomatically, the mechanism for consultation and coordination for India-China boundary affairs is being activated to ensure  PLA withdrawal,” said a senior South Block official.
In addition to the incursion on point 30R (so named because it is 30 metres high), it has now emerged that some 500 PLA troops had also moved surreptitiously to point 4991, a hillock three to four km into Indian territory, as part of a plan to build a rough road. By Saturday though, their numbers had come down to 35, and all troops at another point, 5109, had gone.
Satellite imagery of the area has revealed that the PLA had planned this intrusion for quite some time, dodging the Indians at 30R and trying to build an axis linking Chepzi (China) and Mane on the Indian side. This hill track would have bisected the Indian axis linking the Indian army base at Chumar with troops guarding the 30 R point.
It is understood that Modi raised the Chumar intrusions no fewer than three times with Xi. In fact, when Xi said that there should be peace and tranquillity on the borders, Modi made it a point to say that there could be no peace and tranquillity on the borders until the situation prevailing before the intrusions started on September 10 was enforced.
Modi and defence minister Arun Jaitley are being regularly briefed by National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, army chief Gen Dalbir Suhag and defence secretary RK Mathur on the situation.

Most wanted: Maoists pip terrorists in bounty stakesComments
Dawood Ibrahim is no longer India’s most wanted man. That title now belongs to top Maoist leader Ganapathy, whose Red army is spread across 10 states and is a virtual government unto itself in several large swathes.
The difference between them: The CPI (Maoist) general secretary carries a Rs. 2.52-crore bounty on his head that is 10 times and above the Rs. 15 lakh offered for the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts accused.
The distinction doesn’t end with the two. Maoists, considered India’s biggest internal security threat, are miles ahead of gangsters like Dawood and even wanted terrorists when it comes to bounty.
CPI (Maoist) politburo members Namabala Kesava Rao and Kishan Da alias Prashant Bose are worth Rs. 1.57 crore and Rs. 1.47 crore, respectively, while their colleague Deo Kumar Singh alias Arvindji, who holds sway in the Jharkhand-Bhihar region, is worth Rs. 1.32 crore.
On the other hand, the Indian Mujahideen’s fugitive founder Riyaz Bhatkal — whose group carries out deadly attacks with alarming alacrity across the country — carries a prize of Rs. 25 lakh.
Ramchandra Kalasangra and Sandeep Dange, most wanted accused in ‘Hindu terror cases’, carry rewards of Rs. 20 lakh each offered by the CBI and National Investigation Agency.
“Not everyone was enthusiastic when the idea to increase the bounty for top Maoists was mooted by a CRPF officer at a meeting of states affected by Left-wing extremism, after the NDA government took charge.
But home secretary Anil Goswami backed it and asked the states to work on it since the police are a state subject,” said a home ministry official.
Acting on this, Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh were the first to announce Rs. 1-crore bounties on Ganapathy (the cumulative now stands at Rs. 2.52 crore).
 They also enhanced the offer for politburo members from Rs. 7 -10 lakh to Rs. 50-60 lakh while information leading to the arrest of a central committee member would now fetch Rs. 40-50 Lakh.
The decision to hike bounties was in part inspired by the Andhra Pradesh experience.
“Because Andhra had the maximum reward money, many Maoists there surrendered as they got to keep the money to start life afresh. They also turned valuable sources of information on Maoist movements,” said a home ministry official.
He added that if the new reward policy worked, the government would end up spending far less on resources deployed to catch the rebels.
States continually review Maoist bounties. “They are announced according to ranks and stature and are subject to change following reviews of activities and threat perception,” Odisha director general of police Sanjiv Marik told HT.
For instance, Sabyasachi Panda, now arrested, was worth Rs. 20 lakh when he headed the CPI (Maoist) Odisha organising committee that looted police armouries in Nayagarh and abducted two Italian tourists. But the offer was reduced to Rs. 5 lakh following his dismissal by the rebel group.
In contrast, the prize on Dawood has stayed almost constant.
A former CBI official told HT they received several inputs about his movements outside Pakistan but lack of international support killed any attempts at action. “Even now, we keep getting information but almost everytime it turns out be wrong. But we check everything,” the official said.
There is no ‘process’ for making ‘wanted’ lists in India. There is no centralised data on rewards announced by state police on top criminals and terror suspects.
With the formation in 2009 of the NIA, a federal agency to probe terror cases, the situation has improved. The NIA has announced substantially higher rewards (R10-15 lakh) and the information is now available on its website.
(Inputs from Priya Ranjan Sahu in Bhubaneswar, Ejaz Kaiser in Raipur, B Vijay Murthy in Ranchi, Prasad Nichenametla in Hyderabad, Avinash Kumar in Patna.)

BJP seeks explanation from L-G on missing CWG files15
0
New Delhi: Delhi BJP on Saturday demanded an explanation from L-G Najeeb Jung over the disappearance of files related to misappropriation of Rs 700 crore SC/ST fund in Commonwealth Games two years ago.
"It is quite surprising that the file, which was called for by the Central Home Ministry and the Central Social Welfare Ministry for about two years back, remained suppressed firstly by Sheila Dikshit-led Government, thereafter by Arvind Kejriwal-led Government," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
He said it clearly indicates that this fund was certainly misappropriated, and therefore this file was suppressed and after warning by BJP, the Lt Governor and officers had to bring out the file under pressure.
Satish Upadhyay said it clearly indicates that this fund was certainly misappropriated, and therefore this file was suppressed.
#cwg 2012 #bjp #satish upadhyay #najeeb jung
"Besides forwarding the file to the Home Ministry, L-G should also clarify to the people of Delhi that why Congress Government and Arvind Kejriwal's Government and after that, the bureaucrats did not take any action over this file," the Delhi BJP chief said.
2

Fresh perjury plea filed against Prashant Bhushan for alleged remarks against CBI DirectorSep 20, 2014 at 11:18pm IST
Fresh perjury plea filed against Prashant Bhushan for alleged remarks against CBI Director
4
1
New Delhi: For the third time, the CBI has filed a perjury application against noted advocate Prashant Bhushan claiming that he lied under oath against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha. Bhushan has sought that Sinha excused himself from the 2G and coal allocation scam probes claiming that he met the accused several times at his official residence.
Along with Bhushan, the case has also been filed against lawyer Kamini Jaiswal and their NGO Centre Centre for Public Interest Litigation for allegedly making false statements against Sinha.
In its application, CBI alleged the counsel for the NGO has been contradicting their own stand before the apex court. Citing an example, the plea contended that the counsel had earlier said the diary containing the names of visitors to Sinha's residence was procured from an unknown person but later in its affidavit while refusing to name the persons, the lawyer of the NGO claimed they have got it from reliable persons.
Along with Bhushan, the case has also been filed against lawyer Kamini Jaiswal and their NGO for statements against Sinha.
#prashant bhushan #kamini jaiswal #ngo #centre centre for public interest litigation
CBI, in its plea, has alleged the two lawyers and the NGO have been "making deliberate and false statements on oath and before the Supreme Court". CBI had moved a similar application before the Supreme Court earlier for lodging a case of perjury against the lawyers for allegedly making "deliberate and intentional false statements on oath" relating to investigations into the 2G spectrum allocation scam.
CBI said the statements are "punishable under various sections of IPC".
3

Cheer India to Mars and win collectibles  says ISROSep 20, 2014 at 11:11pm IST
Cheer India to Mars and win collectibles, says ISRO
24
1
Chennai: Cheer India to Mars on Indian space agency's Facebook page and win exclusive collectibles, said ISRO Saturday.
With India's ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission on a crucial phase, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on its Facebook page has announced prizes for interesting comments and videos that shows their love for MOM- Mars Orbiter Mission.
The contest, open till September 23, is only for Indian nationals and the number of likes a comment gets is a major criteria for winning the prize.
With India's ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission on a crucial phase, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on its Facebook page has announced prizes for interesting comments and videos that shows their love for MOM- Mars Orbiter Mission.
#isro #mars #mars orbiter mission
ISRO said exclusive collectibles will be posted to the winners.
Meanwhile ISRO is gearing up for the crucial operation September 24 when the MOM will be inserted in the Mars orbit.
On September 19, major sensors and electrical subsystems required for Mars Orbit Insertion and their back-up counterparts were powered on, it said.
On September 24, the manoeuvring of the spacecraft will begin around 7.30 AM The spacecraft's speed will be reduced from the current velocity so that the Mars Orbiter enters the Mars orbit.
Of the total Rs 450 crore budget on the project, India has spent Rs 349 crore on its Mars mission as on March 31.
The Mars Orbiter was launched November 5, 2013.
23

Valley youth going back to the gun: Army reportComments
The armed insurgency in Kashmir is gradually changing course to thrive on more homegrown militants, rather than foreign fighters, with social media as a rampant and virtually unchecked tool, an internal assessment of the army has said.
The 14-page analysis -- which HT has viewed -- also raises concerns that glaring policy failures now threaten to undo precious gains made against terror outfits in Kashmir.
The shift towards “local recruits” and the Hizbul Mujahideen — which has “local affinity” unlike the Lashkar-e-Taiba — helps cut costs and takes focus away from the “involvement of Pakistan”, which is under increasing scrutiny of the West, the document notes.
 “Thus, there has been a radical change in the nature of insurgency, from a phenomenon supported by external forces to a primarily domestic-driven movement,” the report states. 
HT could not independently ascertain the claims made in the document, which appears to present an academic overview for internal discussions by military higher-ups.
The document notes that a poorly managed rehabilitation policy to help integrate those who gave up militancy has pushed many of them back into insurgency.
It even identifies a few illustrative cases, such as that of Shakil Ahmed Wani of Badgaum, who carried out a daring strike at Pakharpura Shrine on June 16 this year.
Describing his background, the document states Shakil had three postgraduate degrees from various universities.
The state’s 2004 rehabilitation policy — Rs. 1.5 lakh in fixed deposits and Rs. 2,000 as monthly stipend — is “nonexistent”, the report says.
Attitudes towards surrendered militants and harassment of ordinary Kashmiris have also hurt counter-insurgency efforts. 
“It has come to notice that a few youths had taken up arms against security forces in J&K because of inhuman treatment meted out by the Jammu and Kashmir Police and security forces to them/close relatives/family members,” the document notes. 
Former militants or their families are repeatedly summoned and harassed, “aggravating” their “frail economic and mental status”.  Moreover, court cases of human rights violations are increasing, it said.
The report calls for promoting the Hanafi sect of Islam, whose standard bearer is the influential Islamic seminary Darul Uloom in Deoband, Uttar Pradesh, as a response to the growing influence of the Ahle Hadith sect. “Moderate Hanafia maulvis need to be encouraged to voice their views…in all districts of the Kashmir Valley.”
Hanafi represents one of the four schools of Sunni Islamic thought and is popular throughout the subcontinent.
Ahle Hadith, which began as a 19th century Sunni reformist movement, is now viewed by western analysts as more conservative and aligned with Salafits, an Islamic movement in West Asia.       
Indoctrination has become easy and convenient through social media, the analysis states, calling for a new strategy to deal with it.
Use of tools such as Facebook, Youtube and the messaging app WhatsApp has enabled “cheap, quick…and broad dissemination and unfettered communication” by militants.

Seat sharing row: Shiv Sena makes new offer  BJP turns it downComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

Several foreign trips later  state FMs still sitting on GST formatSeveral foreign trips later  state FMs still sitting on GST format
China lifts 1 branch in 1 city rule for foreign banksChina lifts 1 branch in 1 city rule for foreign banks
Muslim leaders welcome PM s commentsMuslim leaders welcome PM s comments
Alibabas IPO banks split $250m fee poolAlibaba’s IPO banks split $250m fee pool
By Tom Braithwaite and Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9122c908-4013-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Queen calls for reconciliationBoE probes money auction rigging fears
Despite the No campaign’s comprehensive victory in the poll – winning 55 per cent of the vote against Yes’ 45 per cent – the result spells intense disappointment for the 1.6m Scots whose hopes of independence have been thwarted. The whole country now faces major constitutional upheaval and continued debate about the devolution of further powers to Scotland and the prospect of English MPs being given more control over their own affairs.
Amid continuing uncertainty, the Queen acknowledged the conflicts that had arisen between “family, friends and neighbours” and reflected that such discussions were part of the UK’s “robust democratic tradition”. Writing from her Balmoral residence in Aberdeenshire, she asked Britons to remember that “despite the range of views that have been expressed, we have in common an enduring love of Scotland, which is one of the things that helps to unite us all”.
“Knowing the people of Scotland as I do, I have no doubt that Scots, like others throughout the United Kingdom, are able to express strongly-held opinions before coming together again in a spirit of mutual respect and support, to work constructively for the future of Scotland and indeed all parts of this country,” her statement read.
Palace officials confirmed that the Queen had been following events closely, and her role as head of state in an independent Scotland was the focus of significant discussion and speculation during the campaign.
With fears growing earlier this month that the Yes vote was strengthening, the Queen met David Cameron in Scotland for crisis talks. As the poll approached the Queen even made an unexpected intervention urging Scots to “think very carefully” about the vote.
In her comments – made after a Sunday service at Crathie Kirk near the Balmoral estate – the monarch was careful not to endorse either side but told a small group outside the church: “Well, I hope people will think very carefully about the future.” It is unusual for the Queen to speak to well-wishers at the Sunday service.
However, this cautious move prompted outrage among antimonarchy campaigners. The Republic pressure group on Thursday called for a parliamentary inquiry into what it called “underhand, deliberate and provocative” interventions by the Sovereign, and said it would be writing to the Justice Secretary requesting a probe into the actions of the Queen and her advisers.
Graham Smith, the group’s chief executive, said: “We would normally expect a head of state to take an active interest in such a momentous referendum, but the deal with the monarchy is that the monarch stays quiet and keeps out of these debates.”
“The real problem is the system,” Mr Smith added. “But that doesn’t excuse the Queen making her views known in such an underhand way while having her press office insist she is impartial.”
Buckingham Palace has always insisted that the Queen believed the referendum was “a matter for the people of Scotland”.

Asian Games: Shweta Chaudhry opens Indias countShweta shoots first medal for India, wins bronze
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014
Print
Incheon, Sep 20 (IANS) Shweta Chaudhry shot the first medal for India in the 2014 Asian Games after she won the bronze in the women's 10m air pistol at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range here Saturday.
Shweta, a part of the silver winning team in 2006 Doha Asian Games, shot a total of 176.4 in the final to clinch the bronze medal while the silver went to South Korean Jung Jeehae (201.3) and China's Zhang Mengyuan (202.2) won the gold. Jung won the World Championships earlier this month in Grenada, Spain.
World No.46 Shweta took everybody by surprised as he she finished fourth in the qualifying round with a score of 383. She had a series of 97, 94, 97 and 95 and also had 13x.
Among other Indians, former World No.1 Heena Sidhu and Commonwealth Games silver medallist Malaika Goel disappointed and failed to qualify for the final round. Heena, World No.4, shot a series of 94, 97, 92, 95, that included 12x, to finish 13th with a score of 378 in the qualifying round while 16-year-old Malaika, World No.20, was 24th with a score of 373. Malaika had a series of 91, 96, 91, 95 and had 8x.
The Indian team comprising Shweta, Heena and Malaika finished fifth with a score of 1134 in the team event.
Chinese markswomen Guo Wenjun, Zhang Mengyuan and Zhou Qingyuan team gold with a score of 1146. It was the fourth consecutive time for China to take the first gold medal at the Asian Games since 2002 Busan Asiad.
The 2008 and 2012 Olympic champion Guo, and her teammates Zhang and Zhou, executed a stable and consistent performance to finish first with a winning total of 1,146 points. Chinese Taipei ranked second by five points, and the bronze medal went to Mongolia, who got 1,140 points.
Recommend

Modi to launch Make in India campaign on Sep 25New Delhi, September 21, 2014
Updated: September 21, 2014 12:53 IST
‘Make in India’ pitch from Sept. 25
Puja Mehra
Tweet
AP In his maiden Independence Day address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India.
PTI In his maiden Independence Day address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India. File photo
INFOGRAPHIC
economy (general)
The objective is to take manufacturing growth to 10% on a sustainable basis.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign on September 25, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
For the launch, the government is likely to invite the who’s who of the global corporate sector from the U.S., Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France.
The campaign includes invitations to the world’s top 3,000 companies to explore investment possibilities in India. Indian Embassies around the world are expected to join the campaign. “The objective is to take manufacturing growth on a sustainable basis to 10 per cent over the long term,” a senior Industry Ministry official told presspersons on Saturday. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion has set up an eight-member expert panel to redress grievances and handle queries of global and domestic investors within 24 hours.
Its role will be to provide information and solve investors problems.
Panel to work with States to ease investment process
The ‘Make in India’ campaign to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 25 will eventually take up policy reforms involving changes in laws to ensure ease of doing business in the country. An infrastructure push and tax issues are also on the cards, with the setting up of an eight-member expert panel by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion. Besides interfacing with investors, team Invest India will also work with Central and States departments to resolve policy and other issues.
“We will work with the States to accomplish de-bureaucratisation and deregulation and to ensure officials mindsets change from being permits issuers to partners in investment processes,” an official said.
Starting a business in India at present needs an entrepreneur to follow 12 procedures, which on an average takes 27 days. Similarly, enforcing contracts takes years, the official said adding that these need to be streamlined. The latest World Bank report on the ‘ease of doing business’ placed India at the 134th rank out of 189 economies on various parameters relating to business and regulatory environment.

Yemen agrees on truce with rebels: UN envoyYemen agrees on truce with rebels: UN envoy
Russias challenge to an oil-hungry world© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/025f643c-3cd6-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US  Indian probes prepare to go into Mars orbitUpdated: October 1, 2014 07:58 IST
US, Indian probes prepare to go into Mars orbit
N. Gopal Raj
The Hindu Scientists and engineers from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) monitor India's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) at the ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC). Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
space programme
On September 22, the Mars Orbiter is scheduled to fire its main engine
On Monday (Sept. 22), two spacecraft that are nearing Mars, one American and the other from India, will fire their engines and undertake crucial manoeuvres.
Shortly after 7 am on that day by Indian time, America’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission (MAVEN) will ignite its six main engines, which will then burn for 33 minutes to slow the spacecraft and put it in an elliptical orbit around Mars. In subsequent manoeuvres, its orbit will be trimmed so that the probe flies 150 km above the planet at its closest point and about 6,300 km at its farthest.
These are familiar operations for the U.S. space agency, NASA, which has successfully sent more than a dozen spacecraft to Mars, including landers and rovers. Even so, Americans have known failure too, with three of their missions being lost either en route to the planet or on arrival there, and will doubtless be hoping that the newest voyage goes without any major hitch.
But for the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), sending its first mission to the Red Planet, it is all very new and so the tension and worries will be far greater.
For one thing, the main liquid-propellant engine aboard the Mars Orbiter, which has not operated for nearly 300 days since the spacecraft left Earth on December 1 last year, must function as expected to put the probe into its intended orbit (see “Trusty engine on Mars Orbiter to be tested yet again,” The Hindu, Sept. 11).
Besides, with about a 12-minute time lag in communications between ground stations on Earth and the probe, the spacecraft has to be programmed in advance to autonomously execute various operations to put it into orbit around Mars. There are bound to be concerns over whether the proper commands have been uploaded to the orbiter.
At about 2.30 pm on Monday, the Mars Orbiter is scheduled to fire its main engine for nearly four seconds. This will test how well the propulsion system is functioning and also provide a final trajectory correction.
Two days later, at about 7:17 am on Sept. 24, the orbiter's engine will commence the burn to take the spacecraft into orbit about Mars according to the timeline prepared by ISRO.
But little over four minutes into an engine firing that is expected to last about 24 minutes and 14 seconds, the spacecraft will slip behind Mars (as seen from Earth) and go out of communication contact.
The data from those four minutes or so of firing, relayed back by the probe, will begin to reach ISRO’s mission controllers at 7.30 am. This information will let them gauge whether the engine has begun operating as planned.
The spacecraft will stop the engine when onboard sensors indicate that its velocity has been reduced by about 1.1 km per second. The burn will end while the spacecraft is still behind Mars. Data transmitted by the probe after it emerges into view of Earth will be received by mission controllers at about 8 am.
Around 8:05 am or 8:10 am, “we will be able to say [if] we [the orbiter] are going around Mars,” said V. Koteswara Rao, ISRO’s Scientific Secretary. The spacecraft must be tracked for a further period of time to establish its orbit parameters and that information was expected to become available only by afternoon.
The Mars Orbiter’s planned orbit around Mars is 423 km by 80,000 km.
There are moves afoot for ISRO and NASA to work with one another and share data from their respective Mars probes.
The U.S. space agency is in discussions with ISRO over potential scientific collaboration, said James Green, a senior agency official, in testimony before a Congressional subcommittee last week. With the data collected by MAVEN and the Mars Orbiter, “NASA and ISRO scientists will have a wealth of information to help solve mysteries regarding the Mars atmosphere,” he observed.
In addition, the two space agencies are talking about setting up a Joint Mars Working Group to coordinate their plans for studying the planet, Dr. Green remarked.

Foodgrain production to fall by 7 per centNew Delhi, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 15:43 IST
Foodgrain production to fall by 7 per cent
PTI
The Hindu File photo shows a consumer buying foodgrains from a market in Guwahati. India’s foodgrain production is projected to drop by 7 per cent to about 120 million tonnes in this year due to poor monsoon rains.
TOPICS
India’s foodgrain production is projected to drop by 7 per cent to about 120 million tonnes in this year due to poor monsoon rains.
Foodgrain production stood at 129.24 million tonnes in the kharif season of the 2013-14 crop year (July-June).
“...coverage in sowing position is as per average of last five years and is only 3 per cent lower than the situation of last year. With improved rainfall, it is estimated that kharif foodgrain production will be approximately 120 million tonnes,” an official statement said.
In Kharif (summer) season, paddy is the main crop.
Rainfall deficit has narrowed down to 12 per cent now from 43 per cent in June this year. Improved rains during August boosted the sowing operation.

Risks remain for SSE after referendum‘Risks remain’ for SSE after referendum
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a07ba6ce-4007-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexicos oil hedging deal exposedDownload
Mexico’s oil hedging deal exposed
By Gregory Meyer in New York, Jude Webber in Mexico City and Anjli Raval and Neil Hume in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d8957a0-4015-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress holds discussions to decide candidates for 174 Maharashtra seatsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jefferies revenues jump to $835mAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Retiredd IAS officer Ramindra Jakhu joins BJPSep 20, 2014 at 10:49pm IST
Retiredd IAS officer Ramindra Jakhu joins BJP
11
0
New Delhi: Retired IAS officer and former Additional Chief Secretary of Haryana, Ramindra Jakhu, on Saturday joined BJP in the presence of party president Amit Shah.
Among those present on the occasion were Union Minister Piyush Goyal, party general secretary JP Nadda and its in- charge for Haryana election matters, Kailash Vijayvargiya.
Welcoming Jakhu into the party fold, BJP leaders hoped that his administrative experience would benefit the outfit.
Welcoming Jakhu into the party fold, BJP leaders hoped that his administrative experience would benefit the outfit.
#bjp #ramindra jakhu #ias
BJP is looking to wrest power in Haryana on its own after its alliance with the Haryana Janhit Party collapsed due to a disagreement over seat-sharing and the chief minister's post.
A number of prominent leaders from both Congress and INLD have joined BJP in the recent past. The party has also fielded another retired IAS officer, Abhay Singh Yadav, as a candidate for the October 15 Assembly polls in Haryana.
1

Maharashtra elections: BJP rejects Shiv Sena s seat-sharing formula  alliance on the brink48
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) alliance is on the brink with the saffron party rejecting the Sena's seat-sharing formula for the Maharashtra Assembly elections, saying that it leaves less number of seats in its kitty.
"I met Uddhav Thackeray. I have told him that we received the Sena's proposal. But if we consider the proposal, we would be contesting lesser seats than last elections. We have conveyed to Uddhav ji that this proposal is not accepted to us," Maharashtra BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis said.
The Sena had reportedly offered 125 seats to the BJP, 10 less than what the saffron party had demanded. Thackeray's party also rejected the BJP's demand for either Dadar, Prabhadevi or the Thane seat - all three of which are Sena strongholds.
The Shiv Sena had reportedly offered 125 seats to the BJP, 10 less than what the saffron party had demanded.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp #devendra fadnavis
Maharashtra goes to polls mid-October.
The BJP and the Sena have seen a flurry of talks between its top leaders over seat-sharing, none of which has resulted in anything significant so far.
Both the parties have reiterated that the alliance is important to them but it will not come at the cost of self-respect.
On Friday, the BJP said that it had sacrificed enough for the sake of the alliance and will do so no more. The Shiv Sena, on the other hand, is insistent that it will fight from 155 seats in the state and that the chief ministerial candidate will be its chief Uddhav Thackeray, a proposal unacceptable to the BJP which says that a candidate from the single largest party should be the Chief Minister.
The BJP has hinted that it may look towards the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, led by Uddhav's cousin Raj Thackeray, if the talks with the Shiv Sena do not work out.
119

Gold  silver hit 14-month low on fading lustreGold  silver hit 14-month low on fading lustre
ONGC sets KG oil dateONGC sets KG oil date
http://usat.ly/1DpCIHmFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company
The maker of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer is being sold to Russian company Oasis Beverages for an undisclosed sum.
Post to Facebook
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company The maker of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer is being sold to Russian company Oasis Beverages for an undisclosed sum. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saWFiD
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
59
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 10:10 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
A six pack of Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer.
(Photo: Rene Alston, USA TODAY)
28018 CONNECT 662 TWEET 46 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pabst Blue Ribbon — a sub-premium beer brand that embraced savvy marketing to stay relevant in a craft beer age — has been sold, along with its parent, Pabst Brewing Co., to Russian company Oasis Beverages.
The companies declined to disclose the sale price, but beverage industry analysts estimate the sale at nearly $750 million — a figure nearly three times the estimated $250 million that C. Dean Metropoulos & Co. paid for it in 2010.  Oasis Beverages'  partner in the purchase is TSG Consumer Partners, a consumer products company that will take a minority stake Pabst.
Besides the familiar Pabst Blue Ribbon label, Pabst Brewing Co. makes Colt 45, Old Milwaukee and Schlitz.  It also makes regional brews such as Lone Star, Rainier and Old Style.
The sales comes at a time the U.S. and the global beer industries both are dynamically evolving.  In recent years, foreign beer makers have been gobbling up the big U.S. beer brands.  At the same time, craft beers have become the industry's fastest-growing sector. Craft beer in the U.S. has 7.8% market share, up from about 4.9% in 2010, reports All About Beer Magazine, the nation's oldest beer consumer magazine.
Even in that environment, Pabst — a lower-priced brand that is anything but craft — has still managed to ratchet-up its popularity with the trend-setting, Millennial beer drinker.
"Pabst very successfully targeted hipsters looking for alternative brand choices," says Chris Rice, president and publisher of All About Beer Magazine. "There's a lot of crossover between the Pabst brand and craft  beer drinkers."
Never mind that few other sub-premium brands have had much luck with Millennials.
Pabst Brewing has an iconic past and many baby boomers still recall the familiar, shouted slogan from its 1950s-era commercials:  "What'll You Have?  Pabst Blue Ribbon."
More recently, Pabst Brewing has embraced pop culture.  In 2011, comedian Will Ferrell showed up in its Old Milwaukee beer ads, and in 2010, hip-hop icon Snoop Dogg starred in a Blast by Colt 45 commercial.
Pabst was acquired in 2010 by C. Dean Metropoulos & Co., which is known for investing in food brands, including Twinkie maker Hostess.
Pabst Brewing traces its roots back to 1844 in Milwaukee. Pabst Blue Ribbon in particular has also grown in popularity among people in their 20s and 30s in part for its blue-collar and retro appeal, as well as for its cheap price.
Still, Pabst accounts for less than 3% of the U.S. beer market, said Eric Shepard, executive editor of Beer Marketer's Insights, an industry tracker. He also noted that many of the most popular beers in the U.S. are already owned by foreign companies. Anheuser-Busch InBev, which makes Budweiser and Bud Light, is based in Belgium.
In a statement, Oasis Chairman Eugene Kashper called Pabst Blue Ribbon the "quintessential American brand — it represents individualism, egalitarianism and freedom of expression — all the things that make this country great."
Kashper will serve as CEO of Pabst Brewing, which will keep its headquarters in Los Angeles.
Contributing: Associated Press
28018 CONNECT 662 TWEET 46 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1saWFiD
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

Watch: PM Modi s CNN World Exclusive interview at 4:30 PMNow Showing: Masand reviews 'Happy Ending', 'Dumb And Dumber To'
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

AAP s Mayank Gandhi booked for abetting sexual harassmentSep 21, 2014 at 07:32am IST
AAP's Mayank Gandhi booked for abetting sexual harassment
44
0
Mumbai: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Mayank Gandhi was among the six persons booked in Mumbai after a 21-year-old female party volunteer filed a criminal complaint against them, police said on Saturday.
While AAP activist Tarun Singh has been booked under section 354 (a) (sexual harassment), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation), 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of IPC, Gandhi and four others have been booked for abetting the crime, a police officer at Oshiwara police station said.
"The offence had occurred in April this year in suburban Oshiwara, ahead of Lok Sabha elections," said Additional Police Commissioner Milind Bharambe.
AAP leader Mayank Gandhi (PTI)
#aap #mayank gandhi #sexual harassment #tarun singh
"Based on the allegations levelled by the victim, an FIR was registered on Saturday. The victim alleged that she brought to Gandhi's notice the sexual advancements of some party workers, but he did pay heed to them. And hence, she approached the local police who registered the FIR yesterday," Bharambe said.
Refuting the charge of abetting the crime, Gandhi described the complaint as "politically motivated".
"When the female volunteer had complained to me against Tarun Singh saying he was harassing her, I pulled him up and immediately suspended him from the party. I asked the victim if she wanted to lodge an FIR against Tarun, but she refused," Gandhi told PTI.
An internal committee of the party had been enquiring into the matter after it was reported to it, Gandhi said.
36

Hooda confident of a third term  says Robert Vadra s land deals won t be an issue in electionsSep 21, 2014 at  08:09am IST
Hooda confident of a third term, says Robert Vadra's land deals won't be an issue in elections
35
0
New Delhi: Confident of coming to power for the third time, Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has refuted allegations of providing any favours to Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra in his land deals.
Hooda said that this "Vadra issue" cannot stop his government from storming to power for the third consecutive time in Haryana. "There is no issue that is why they are raising this. There is no issue. What is the issue," he said about the allegations levelled by the opposition parties.
Speaking to CNN-IBN in an exclusive interview, Hooda said, "What government has shown favour to anybody? Where is it? I don't know they have accused that we have allotted land. I am saying on the record that not an inch has been allotted to anybody. Any builder in Haryana after my government came into power. I acquired for none."
Senior leaders like Birendra Singh have left the party to join the BJP just ahead of Assembly elections. But that does not dampen Hooda's spirits.
#bhupinder singh hooda #robert vadra #haryana assembly elections 2014 #elections
Talking of the recent High Court ruling rejecting a plea for CBI probe into Vadra's land dealings, Hooda said, "No land has been allotted and everything. No favour has been shown. It is not me only me, even the High Court has decided against the PIL. They went up to the SC, there is no issue."
Even a senior leaders like Birendra Singh left the party to join the BJP just ahead of Assembly elections, yet that has not dampened Hooda's spirits. He instead said, "No, I am not upset because of who have left the party. Who are those people? Either they have been defeated in Assembly or Lok Sabha elections or they have lost all political ground."
Hooda, who has been facing flak from many of his party leaders in Haryana over his 'autocratic' style of leadership indicated that he was not yet ready to make way for youngsters as he said that he was not tired and was raring to go for a third term as the CM.
32

Tech power to the visually challengedUpdated: September 21, 2014 09:13 IST
Tech power to the visually challenged
Mithosh Joseph
Tweet
The Hindu V.N. Rajasekharan Pillai, ex officio Principal Secretary of the Science and Technology Department, and other team members of the Kerala State Centre for Assistive Technologies (KSCAT) with some of the visually challenged learners at the new KSCAT training centre in Kozhikode on Saturday. Photo: K.Ragesh
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy dedicated the centre for learners. Minister for Education P.K. Abdu Rabb launched the KSCAT web portal.
Introducing the concept of inclusive learning with the aid of modern technologies to visually challenged students, the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology, and Environment (KSCSTE) opened its first training unit under the Kerala State Centre for Assistive Technologies (KSCAT) at Farook College here on Saturday.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy dedicated the centre for learners. Minister for Education P.K. Abdu Rabb launched the KSCAT web portal. Minister for Panchayats M.K. Muneer, M.K. Raghavan, MP, and college Principal E.P. Imbichikoya were present.
The centre, equipped with modern computer facilities and software, will initially cater to 40 selected students 20 out of whom would be from other institutions. A trained team of teachers would come to the aid of the candidates.
Speaking to The Hindu on the occasion, V.N. Rajasekharan Pillai, Ex-Officio Principal Secretary of the Science and Technology Department, said the KSCSTE would consider more innovative projects for realising the inclusive learning concept, especially for the visually challenged.
“We have decided to push for the development of prototype gadgets that would come to the help of people in need of assistive technologies. We will be focussing on 25 engineering colleges in Kerala, for which the government has already given approval,” said Prof. Pillai.
A. Jijesh, the State coordinator of the project and is visually challenged, said a team of 250 trained resource persons would work under the project.
Hareesh Kotiyam, a visually-challenged professional and one of the board members of the KSCSTE, said the development of assistive technologies was proving to be a “stepping stone” for empowering the visually challenged. The KSCSTE will open four more KSCAT units on selected campuses shortly. The government will invest Rs.2.5 crore in this fiscal year to support the scheme.

http://usat.ly/1qkoxcpLast Slide Next Slide
From humble little cafes to ubiquitous chain restaurants, Southern food can be found in nearly every corner of every state in the country. But to truly appreciate the spirit and flavors of classic Southern fare, it's best to head straight to the source. Here are the region's best options for enjoying traditional Southern favorites.
Ajax Diner – Oxford, Miss.
Best known as the home of the University of Mississippi, idyllic Oxford has quietly become one of the region's most inviting food cities, with the likes of John Currence's City Grocery winning national acclaim. For a more casual introduction to the city's culinary offerings, grab a table at the Ajax Diner, which sits in the heart of Oxford facing Courthouse Square. Pork chops, fried chicken, and a kaleidoscope of sides – butter beans, fried okra, and just about every kind of vegetable casserole imaginable – all capture the imagination of devotees including John Grisham and Eli Manning.
Arnold's Country Kitchen – Nashville, Tenn.
One of Music City's biggest names isn't a country music legend or pioneer hero. Over several decades, Arnold's has grown in stature to become synonymous with the term "meat and three," and today the humble red-and-yellow cinder block building is on the short list of top attractions for anyone passing through Nashville. Open on weekdays only for lunch, Arnold's takes its customers back to their school days, as everyone waits patiently in line, moving along the cafeteria-style buffet to see what strikes their fancy. An eclectic mix of local power brokers, maintenance workers, and everyone in between rubs shoulders while downing portions of chicken and dumplings, catfish, meatloaf, and fried green tomatoes. 605 8th Avenue South, Nashville, Tenn., (615) 256-4455
The Colonnade – Atlanta, Ga.
In the city that offers the greatest assortment of truly authentic Southern dining options, The Colonnade stands out for its deep roots in the community. Open since 1927, the restaurant has served as a second dining room for generations of Atlantans, many of whom are eager to introduce the frozen-in-time experience to the uninitiated. Friendly servers – several of whom have been at the restaurant for decades – patiently help first-timers navigate the mind-blowing list of 30-plus sides. (Scores of diners are delighted to pick-and-choose a plate from the likes of rutabagas, baby limas, tomato aspic, pole beans, and celery dressing.) Popular entrees run the gamut from fried chicken and tender pot roast to a heaping plate of chicken livers, served fried or broiled.
Early Girl Eatery – Asheville, N.C.
One of Asheville's most popular anytime eating places, Early Girl reflects the youthful, earnest nature of its home city. The lengthy menu of made-from-scratch items alternates between Southern classics and modern dishes rooted in Western North Carolina's considerable culinary history. Lighter appetites opt for grilled cheese made with house-made pimento cheese; heartier types can mix-and-match a meat-and-two from the likes of fried catfish, meatloaf, collard greens, black-eyes peas, and more.
Hominy Grill – Charleston, S.C.
In a city full of decorated restaurants, none have seemingly won as many "best of" awards as the Hominy Grill. Perhaps best known for its country breakfasts and down-home day starters like the "Charleston Nasty Biscuit" (fried chicken, cheddar, and sausage gravy), the kitchen also churns out a steady stream of expertly-crafted Southern classics. Starters include fried green tomatoes, pickled shrimp, and homemade hot pepper jelly (served with cooling goat cheese); featured entrees include fried chicken, sauteed chicken livers, and slow-smoked ribs smothered in blackstrap molasses BBQ sauce. Housed in a typically atmospheric Charleston space that was once a barbershop, the casual eatery offers both indoor and outdoor seating.
Jestine's Kitchen – Charleston, S.C.
Charleston can make a claim as the capital of New Southern cooking, but for those looking to enjoy Southern classics as well as some Low Country signatures, the always-packed Jestine's fits the bill. The legend of Jestine Matthews, who died at the age of 112 in 1997, lives on through each plate of homemade goodness. Tables are topped with a mix of regional favorites (e.g. shrimp and grits) and classics such as cornbread, fried green tomatoes, and fried chicken.
Loveless Café – Nashville, Tenn.
Truly a destination restaurant, the Loveless sits on the far edge of town, a 30 minute drive from Downtown Nashville. That doesn't stop hordes of devoted fans from driving to the edge of the Natchez Trace Parkway to satisfy their cravings for the Loveless's picture-perfect biscuits, famous country ham, and signature red-eye gravy. Next to the spacious restaurant sits a proper country store, where visitors can select from a wide range of cheeky memorabilia (e.g. items adorned with "Praise the lard and pass the biscuits") and foodstuffs such as fruit preserves and vacuum-packed country hams.
Mary Mac's Tea Room – Atlanta, Ga.
Centrally-located and constantly packed, Mary Mac's is a great choice for first-time visitors to Atlanta looking for a classic Southern experience. The restaurant is one of the last of a dying breed; Atlanta sported more than a dozen tea rooms back in the 1940s. Recently, Georgia's House of Representatives drafted a special resolution naming Mary Mac's "Atlanta's Dining Room." Personable staffers – several of whom have been fixtures for more than four decades – encourage customers to delay their diets for another day while delivering overflowing platters of meatloaf, fried catfish, mac-and-cheese, sweet potato soufflé, collard greens, and more. Few are able to leave without ordering a homemade cinnamon roll; many buy them by the dozen to enjoy at home.
Mrs. Wilkes' Dining Room – Savannah, Ga.
The best-known eatery in town, Mrs. Wilkes' Dining Room hosts a steady stream of out-of-towners ranging from President Obama to curious foreign tourists who don't know a collard green from a black-eyed pea. Open for lunch only, the restaurant offers a family-style meal at communal tables; customers become fast friends with their tablemates as they pass large dishes of mashed potatoes and fried chicken back and forth. The subterranean space, which is located in the atmospheric Historic District, provides an ideal one-stop opportunity for those curious to experience all of the Southern classics: candied yams, mac-and-cheese, okra, and butter beans, just to name a few. Endless glasses of sweet tea and a choice of dessert round out the experience.
Two Sisters Kitchen – Jackson, Miss.
Housed in a historic home that dates back to 1903, Two Sisters opened in 1989 and has served enough fried chicken, catfish, cornbread, and biscuits to become one of the most popular eateries in Mississippi's largest city. The buffet-style offerings usually include catfish, cornbread, tomato gravy, and mac-and-cheese. The house's cozy dining rooms are often packed with Capitol Building workers, who can enjoy a break from the office while keeping an eye on it from the restaurant's front porch. 707 N Congress Street, Jackson, Miss., (601) 353-1180
Ready for Your Dream Vacation?
Plan your vacation worry-free now. Let the travel specialists at Tripology.com plan your next adventure FREE.
Find My Agent

STORYBOARD SHAH RUKH KHAN SPECIAL16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Week in Review  September 20September 19, 2014 6:10 pm
Week in Review, September 20
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5219169e-4014-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Minorities panel tells Rajnath: Act against hate speechPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | Posted: September 20, 2014 1:26 am
The National Commission for Minorities (NCM) Thursday wrote to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh demanding an assurance that the government will act against anybody who violates the Indian Constitution and the country’s penal code. The NCM, in its letter, cited speeches made by BJP MPs Yogi Adityanath and Sakshi Maharaj on ‘love jihad’ and BJP MLA Usha Thakur’s comment asking for a ban on Muslim men attending garba events.
The letter comes a week after legal luminary and constitutional expert Fali Nariman, while delivering the NCM annual lecture, criticised the Central government and the NCM for not standing up to hate speech incidents.
In the letter, the commission listed three incidents: “Comments by Sakshi Maharaj associating terrorism with madrasa and with Muslims, derogatory comments on Muslims with regard to garba celebrations by Usha Thakur and unfounded and extremely offensive comments about Muslims by Yogi Adityanath regarding ‘love jihad’ and riots being engineered by Muslims.”
In an interview to The Indian Express, Indore MLA Thakur had said that if Muslim men want to participate in garba, they should convert to Hinduism as they use the festival as a pretext to mingle with Hindu girls. Unnao MP Maharaj had said that madrasas impart education of terror and ‘love jihad’, while Gorakhpur MP Adityanath had made a series of provocative speeches on ‘love jihad’ in the run-up to the Uttar Pradesh Assembly byelections.
“In view of the above, we would like your assurance that the government will take appropriate action against any act or speech that violates the provisions of IPC and the spirit of the Indian Constitution. The government must demonstrate its unwillingness to tolerate any speech or action that is likely to aggravate communal tensions in any part of the country,” NCM chairman Naseem Ahmed wrote to Singh.
In his speech, Nariman had said, “I would respectfully suggest that if we minorities (through the statutory body set up by Parliament ) do not stand up for the rights of minorities and protest against such hate speeches and diatribes how do we expect the government to do so?”
“We have written to the ministry emphasising the need to crack down on statements made by Adityanath, Maharaj and Thakur,” Ahmed told The Indian Express.

Asian Games: Jitu Rai wins first gold for IndiaIncheon, Sep 20 (IANS) Indian shooter Jitu Rai Saturday clinched the gold medal in the men's 50 metre pistol event in the Asian Games at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range here.
The silver medal went to Vietnam's Hoang Phuong Nguyen while China's Wei Pang settled for the bronze.
Recommend

This CEO always wants to be  The dumbest guy in the roomWhy One CEO Always Wants To Be 'The Dumbest Guy In The Room'
By Jacquelyn Smith | Business Insider –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014 11:50 PM IST
Ashley Morris, 34, is the CEO of Capriotti’s Sandwich Shop.
Ashley Morris strives to be the dumbest person in his office.
Morris, who is the CEO of Capriotti's Sandwich Shop , a specialty sandwich company with over 100 locations across the US, told Business Insider: "I aim to employ people who have education and skills that are above my own capabilities for all positions I hire for, effectively making me the dumbest person in the room."
He says having smarter, more experienced people working with him allows for better group decision-making, and aids his personal development and growth.
"This tactic has also avoided me many situations that may have resulted in me making a large mistake for my company," Morris says.
For example, a few years back he had a vision for a marketing campaign that would have cost the company around $105,000 if they had implemented it in all their stores. "After consulting with my marketing director and marketing manager, they were not in agreement that this campaign would accomplish what I was sure it would. I decided to test it out in just one store, which cost us $10,000, despite their better judgment. Turned out that they were completely right."
Morris says his team later created a much cheaper and more effective campaign that created the desired results. But what he learned was, if he were surrounded by people who only listened to him and had no additional knowledge, he would have wasted a lot of time and money.
He says sticking by his "dumbest guy in the room" motto has been an effective tactic. "Since I became CEO in 2008, this has been my formula for creating a successful team, and thus a successful business." In 2013, Capriotti's Sandwich Shop brought in over $58 million in revenue, and the company has experienced 48% growth in the last three years.
"If you are the smartest, most experienced person in the organization, then you can only be the teacher and never the student," Morris explains. "This ensures that your ability to grow and learn is greatly diminished. I much prefer to put myself in a position where I can constantly learn and grow. When I have done this in the past it has always created positive results for me and allowed my employees to become as passionate about my business as I am."  
The only problem, he says, is that while people like to be able to relate to real, genuine leaders, they also need to be inspired by them and have confidence in their leadership. "This isn't always an easy balance."
But he believes that what most people want above all else is to feel like they're truly part of their organization's high-level strategic plan. "If your team is smart, you'll want to invite them to be part of that process, and really listen to what they are saying. And when you do this, people become very loyal and tend to work much harder to accomplish the goals set for them."
When the CEO is the dumbest person in the room, it can be a win-win for all, he concludes.
Want your business advice featured in Instant MBA? Submit tips to tipoftheday@ businessinsider.com  and be sure to include your name, your job title, and a photo of yourself in your email. 
More From Business Insider

Carefully following process initiated by PM: MEA on Chinese incursionsThe reaction by External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akabaruddin came in response to a question that despite being raised with China, the situation in Chumar and Demchok region was same. Source: AP photo
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:12 pm
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions in Ladakh with Chinese President Xi Jinping, India on Saturday said it was carefully following the process initiated by Modi and an outcome was awaited.
The reaction by External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akabaruddin came in response to a question that despite being raised with China, the situation in Chumar and Demchok region was the same and there was the presence of Chinese there.
“Diplomacy is not an instant coffee. It works in ways that it is difficult for the people who are not engaged with it to perceive and understand what is happening. You are aware that India at the highest level has taken it up and also what our public statements are…Therefore,..allow this process to function.
“I assure you that the process that was initiated by the Prime Minister is being carefully followed and (we are) awaiting an outcome,” the Spokesperson said. Holding the talks with Xi gainst the backdrop of Chinese army and civilian incursions in Demchok and Chumar, Modi had raised “serious concerns” over the issue of the incursions and sought an early settlement of the boundary question.
However, a day after their talks, there were reports yesterday that Chinese PLA soldiers have crossed into Indian territory again and stationed themselves on a hillock. Official sources said about 35 PLA men returned to Chumar in northeast Ladakh and were perched on a hillock claiming the area to be part of China while another 300 soldiers were maintaining presence close to Line of Actual Control (LAC).

Four killed in cracker factory explosion in LucknowPrint
Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:36 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 2:44 pm
As many as four persons were killed and at least 10 injured in an explosion in a cracker factory in Mohanlalganj area of the district on Saturday.
Four deaths have been confirmed so far in the explosion that occurred in Sisendi here, a senior police officer said.
He said that rescue work was on.

NCP gives Congress a day to decide on seat-sharing for Maha pollsPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 8:37 pm
Going on the offensive, NCP Saturday gave Congress a day to revert on the issue of seat-sharing for the October 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra, saying it will “wait a day longer”.
“The filing of nominations has begun. We can wait for a day longer for Congress’ response on our proposal on quantum of seats,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel told reporters but clarified it was not meant to be an ultimatum.
“It is not a case of NCP issuing an ultimatum. You can say it’s the Election Commission which has done it as time for filing papers is very little,” he said when asked of his party was issuing an ultimatum to Congress.
“We want some official intimation from them by tomorrow failing which I will meet CM Prithviraj Chavan on Monday morning,” he said.
Asked if NCP would go it alone if need be, Patel said,” this option is open for all parties.”
There has been no response from Congress to our demand for 144 seats despite top leaders of the two parties meeting weeks ago, Patel, a confidante of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, said.
Pawar had met Congress President Sonia Gandhi on August 6 and said the two parties would go to the hustings together.
“We received a proposal that NCP should contest 124 seats, 10 more than what we contested in 2009 polls. We want to clarify that 124 is the number of seats we contested in 2004,” Patel said, adding the old formula does not apply now after NCP got more Lok Sabha seats than the Congress in Maharashtra.
In their worst-ever drubbing in Maharashtra in Lok Sabha polls, NCP won four seats and Congress just two as the alliance, in power in the state for 15 years, was decimated by BJP-Shiv Sena-led ‘Mahayuti’, a rainbow alliance also including smaller parties like RPI(A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
“NCP wants the alliance to continue. This sentiment was expressed by both Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi when they met
in Delhi. It is unfortunate that we have not been able to conclude seat-sharing talks even after so many weeks,” he
said.
Earlier in the day, Maharashtra Congress chief Manikrao Thakre had said the alliance could be in trouble as there was
no positive response so far to Congress’ proposal.
Sharad Pawar’s nephew and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar had said NCP’s demand for 144 seats was a justified as it had more Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra than Congress.

Jadavpur University students hold march  demand VC s resignation; governor intervenesPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 20, 2014 9:40 pm
Braving rains thousands of students marched through the city’s streets on Saturday  demanding resignation of Jadavpur University (JU) vice-chancellor as West Bengal Governor K N Tripathi intervened to end the four-day old stalemate in the prestigious educational institution.
Students from Presidency University, Calcutta University and other educational institutions joined the march in a show of solidarity demanding resignation of JU VC Abhijit Chakrabarti after the alleged brutal police action on students inside JU campus in the early hours of Wednesday.
They were stopped by police near Mayo Road crossing in the heart of the city following which the students launched a sit-in at the spot demanding the VC’s resignation.
View Picture Gallery
Representatives of students later had a two-hour-long meeting with governor, who intervened to end the stalemate.
A Raj Bhavan official said the governor, who also the chancellor of JU, advised the agitating students to maintain discipline and restore its ‘peaceful atmosphere’ from Monday.
“A delegation of seven students of Jadavpur University met the chancellor. They put forth their grievances. The chancellor patiently listened to them and advised them to maintain discipline and restore peaceful atmosphere in the university from Monday (September 22),” he said.
“The governor sir gave us a patient hearing. He expressed his moral support to our cause and said that he will look into each and every aspect including the barbaric police action on the students,” a JU students’ representative told reporters after the meeting at Raj Bhavan here.
The students, he said, have handed over a CD to Tripathi which has video clipping of the police action on the students.
“The governor sir sought time till Monday morning. So till then our academic strike will go on but we are withdrawing the sit-in (at Mayo Road) for the time being. We will again meet on Monday at 12 noon and decide our next course of action after seeing the steps taken by chancellor,” he said.
The students procession raised slogans against the police, the JU VC and Trinamool Congress government. It caused a traffic snarl in the city’s central business district.
“The government changes but the attitude of those who are in power never changes. In 2005 during the Left rule police too had beaten us inside the campus,” a protester said.
JU students have boycotted classes on their demand for the VC’s resignation. Those in the mass communication department have boycotted their examination on September 18.
Meanwhile, an apology attributed to the VC was posted on the university website , which official sources denied claiming it had been hacked.
“I am sorry” was the message posted on the website in VC Abhijit Chakrabarti’s page.
Registrar Pradip Ghosh clarified that he had spoken to the VC and continued…

Chinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping s visitChinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 21:36 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 07:33 IST(21/9/2014)
Comments
Barely 24 hours after President Xi Jinping flew back home, Chinese soldiers -- albeit in fewer numbers -- are back in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation with the Indian Army in Chumar in eastern Ladakh.
After more than 100 of their men moved back a kilometre from point 30R on the Indian side of the Line of Actual Control, apparently on the instructions of Xi, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) forces sat in their vehicles for a day before around 70 returned to the site at 11.30 am on Saturday, with seven tents, four trucks and three jeeps. Some 500 PLA soldiers are understood to be providing support from behind the LAC, and the Indian army has also dug in, setting up tents in the brutal minus three degree centigrade weather and prepared for the long haul.
In fact, South Block believes that even though the Chinese troops may thin down in Chumar, tensions will continue to simmer as the PLA seems determined to take control of the hillocks on Indian side and establish the position of the disputed LAC as close to their perception as possible.
Read: China doesn’t take India seriously, yet
So the government is considering moving the Assam Rifles from the eastern borders and adding its 40 battalions -- roughly 40,000 troops --to the defence of the LAC. Currently there are about 105,000 soldiers guarding the LAC, of whom 15,000 are in the eastern Ladakh sector. No final decision has been taken yet, but it is learnt that home minister Rajnath Singh has no objection to the move.
While about 1,000 Indian troops have been sent to Chumar alone, diplomatic wheels have also been set in motion.
"Diplomatically, the mechanism for consultation and coordination for India-China boundary affairs is being activated to ensure  PLA withdrawal,” said a senior South Block official.
In addition to the incursion on point 30R (so named because it is 30 metres high), it has now emerged that some 500 PLA troops had also moved surreptitiously to point 4991, a hillock three to four km into Indian territory, as part of a plan to build a rough road. By Saturday though, their numbers had come down to 35, and all troops at another point, 5109, had gone.
Satellite imagery of the area has revealed that the PLA had planned this intrusion for quite some time, dodging the Indians at 30R and trying to build an axis linking Chepzi (China) and Mane on the Indian side. This hill track would have bisected the Indian axis linking the Indian army base at Chumar with troops guarding the 30 R point.
It is understood that Modi raised the Chumar intrusions no fewer than three times with Xi. In fact, when Xi said that there should be peace and tranquillity on the borders, Modi made it a point to say that there could be no peace and tranquillity on the borders until the situation prevailing before the intrusions started on September 10 was enforced.
Modi and defence minister Arun Jaitley are being regularly briefed by National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, army chief Gen Dalbir Suhag and defence secretary RK Mathur on the situation.

Leopard skin  sambar antlers seized; five arrestedCHENNAI/ DINDIGUL, September 21, 2014
Updated: September 21, 2014 09:26 IST
Leopard skin, sambar antlers seized; five arrested
P. OppiliK. Raju
The Hindu The leopard skins and deer horns seized at Oddanchatram in Dindigul district on Saturday.
Poachers were trying to smuggle them to Kerala; officials on the lookout for another person
A special team on Saturday seized the skin of two leopards and three sambar antlers from a jeep and arrested five persons near Oddanchathram in Dindigul district.
The officials seized the jeep and three motorcycles used by the accused, and are on the lookout for another person.
The arrested have been identified as Ramakrishnan, 38, and Murugan, 45, of Oddanchatram; Gandhi Kumar, 42, of Karur; Subramani, 48, of Thangachiammapatti; and Palanisamy, 50, of Javathupatti. Thangaraj of Kanyakumari escaped.
District Forest Officer P. Sampath told reporters that the officials conducted a vehicle check near Oddanchathram on the Dindigul-Palani Road following a tip-off that poachers were trying to smuggle animal hide and antlers to Kerala through Dindigul.
Preliminary investigations revealed that the arrested were working on private estates at Kodaikanal. They might have hunted the leopard a year ago and hidden the skin somewhere. Two of the arrested persons had served a jail term earlier. “We suspect them to be habitual offenders. The leader of the gang, however, escaped. Once he is arrested, more details of the place of poaching will be known,” an officer said.
A 10-year-old spotted deer was also found dead with bullet injuries near a water hole at Ramaiyanpatti near Dindigul early on Friday. The poachers had hunted the endangered animal and abandoned the carcass when locals rushed to the area on hearing a gunshot.
The forest officials said the arrested persons had received calls from Kerala on their mobile phones in the past two days.
They were produced before the Oddanchatram Judicial Magistrate Court and remanded in judicial custody for 15 days. This is the second seizure of animal skin in the Kodaikanal region in the last four months.
Earlier, officials of the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau seized a tiger skin and a leopard cat skin from a person hailing from Kodaikanal.
Wildlife authorities said there was a great demand for leopard skin in Tibet and Nepal for making jackets. However, there is no demand for leopard skin in the domestic market. Antlers were used for making buttons. In foreign countries, people used fork and spoons made of antlers and such items were expensive, they said.

NZ dollar hit after growth forecast cutNZ dollar hit after growth forecast cut
By Michael Hunter and Patrick McGee
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c08be94-276c-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF warns of emerging markets slowdownIMF warns of emerging markets slowdown
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ccbe20a-3fba-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rare respiratory virus spreads to 22 statesBy Mark Berman September 19 Follow @markberman
That rare respiratory illness sickening children around the country continues to crop up in new places. It has been confirmed in 22 states, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday, appearing in three states where it had not been previously: Georgia, Michigan and Washington state.
These children are facing an uncommon enterovirus strain . While enteroviruses in general are quite common, this particular strain — enterovirus 68 — has not cropped up terribly often since it was first identified in 1962. It can cause severe breathing problems , a particular danger for children who may suffer from asthma or other respiratory issues.
Testing has found 160 cases spread across these states that span from coast to coast, though public health officials have warned that the actual number of cases is likely much higher. In addition, there are other states where clusters of children are facing similar respiratory illnesses that could turn out to be this virus. (Health officials in Ohio and Utah have told The Post that they suspect they have cases of the strain.)
Head here for a list of the other states with this virus. Here is more information on the enterovirus and how it was first identified as part of this recent surge. And here is why we are only gradually learning about how many states have this virus.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

IMF slices global growth forecasts for 2014IMF slices global growth forecasts for 2014
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee255c40-133d-11e4-925a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can hackers breach Apple Pay securityHow hackers could still bypass Apple Pay security
By Cadie Thompson | CNBC –  Thu 11 Sep, 2014 11:59 PM IST
View Photo
Getty Images
When CEO Tim Cook touted Apple ( AAPL )'s new mobile payments service as "easy, secure and private," he was at least partially addressing public concerns over the company's security infrastructure in light of recent high-profile hacks.
And while Apple Pay has yet to be put to a real-world test, some security experts--despite generally praising Apple's move as a step in the right direction--have already identified some potential risks inherent in the system.
"If correctly implemented it could add security benefits, but there could also be some gaping security flaws," said Chris Carlis, a security consultant for Trustwave. "We will see how it survives the initial contact with the enemy. .. It's not going to be a magic bullet that fixes fraud and security."
Read More Is Apple Pay a bitcoin killer?
Apple didn't go into great detail describing the security aspects of Apple Pay when they introduced it this week. But there were a few things mentioned that shed some light on how the company plans to keep users' data safe.
For starters, Apple doesn't plan to store any of its users' financial information on its servers or in their device. Instead, the company is using a technology called "tokenization" to identify a user for payments.
Tokenization works like this: When a person adds a credit card to Passbook, instead of storing the user's actual credit card number, another account number is generated to identify the user.
This device-only account number is then stored in a new encrypted chip in the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus called the "secure element." (The Apple Watch will also have a secure element chip that will be used to store the device account number when used with an iPhone 5, iPhone 5S and iPhone C).
This is significant because the secure element is actually in the device and not stored on Apple's servers, said Rick Dakin, CEO and chief security strategist of Coalfire, an IT data security firm.
Read More Apple stock downgraded on iPhone 6, Watch concerns
Because Apple doesn't store the credit card information, it is never shared with the merchant. So if a retailer's system is breached, the hackers won't have access to a user's financial information.
Given the recent hacks on major retailers, this could prove hugely beneficial. But other risks remain, experts said.
"Does this help prevent a nuclear bomb? Yes. When you are talking about a Home Depot ( HD )-size breach, this could help prevent damage in a large scale attack," said Tom Pageler, chief of information security for DocuSign.
"But there are going to be smaller risks. People will find ways to try and take over accounts, whether it's by stealing a phone or using social engineering to hack an account or by getting a legitimate login."
Mobile payments have usually been done via an app or third party add-on and only a few were targeted, said Mike Park, managing consultant of Trustwave. But with this type of payment functionality built into an entire platform, every device becomes a target, Park said via email.
When Apple Pay launches, researchers (and hackers) will immediately start looking for weaknesses, and there is little doubt they will find flaws, said Bob Doyle, a security consultant at Neohapsis, a security and risk management company.
"Everyone wants a thinner wallet. But the flipside of this is that it makes the mobile device so much more critical than it was before," Doyle said. "Even digital wallets will be picked."
Read More Samsung goes on the offensive with ant-Apple ads
One possible security risk could stem from Apple's decision to place more trust in third party app developers, experts said.
Companies like Target ( TGT ), Uber and Groupon ( GRPN ) will incorporate Apple Pay into their e-commerce apps to facilitate purchases, which is another potential security risks, Pageler said.
According to Trustwave's Global Security Report, 96 percent of the applications scanned in 2013 contained at least one security vulnerability.
Apple executives also stressed during the event that the Touch ID feature found in the iPhone 5S and both models of the iPhone 6 could be used to verify payments, adding a layer of security. But since Touch ID launched in the iPhone 5S last year, there have already been experiments where the fingerprint reader was hacked.
Read More iPhone fingerprint scanner claimed to be hacked
Also, given that people can access Apple Pay with an Apple Watch, which can be used with older models of the iPhone that do not have Touch ID, the fingerprint security feature is not necessary to use the payment service.
"It's still to early to tell where there are security weaknesses," Doyle said. "The devil is always in the details. Until we see the protocols we don't know what the vulnerabilities are."
Apple declined to comment.

Food Processing Minister visits Sri City  says big potential in ChittoorHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Food Processing Minister visits Sri City, says big potential in Chittoor
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 20:  
The Union Food Processing Industries Minister, Harsimrat Kaur Badal visited Sri City on Saturday and interacted with some of top executives of the food processing units who have set up units such as Kellogg’s, PepsiCo and Cadbury.
Ravindra Sannareddy, Managing Director, Sri City, J.S.V. Prasad, Principle Secretary Government of AP, Venkateswarlu, Joint Secretary, Department of Food Processing and a host senior officials took her around the facility.
The Minister had an interactive meeting with the heads of the key food and beverage processing units in Sri City, which include Cadbury India, PepsiCo and Kellogg's among others.
With her entourage, she went round some of the important areas at Sri City, including the processing plant of Kellogg's.
According to a statement, Harsimrat Kaur said, “I consider Sri City is a jewel among our SEZs.”
Addressing the heads of various local units, Harsimrat Kaur suggested that skill development centres be set up where even illiterate people can be trained, creating a huge employment opportunity.
Stating that food processing industry has huge potential to improve rural economy and create livelihoods, she said, “Such industries in Sri City will not only enhance the employment opportunities in the region, they immensely benefit thousands of sugarcane farmers, mango, tomato growers, and milk producers in Chittoor district.”
Ravindra Sannareddy appealed to all the unit heads to provide job opportunities to the local people who sacrificed their land and livelihood and extended their whole hearted support for starting the project.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

1000 unlawful police detention cases in India every year  UP and Delhi lead1000 unlawful police detention cases in India every year, UP and Delhi lead
HT Data Bureau , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 20, 2014
First Published: 15:44 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:20 IST(21/9/2014)
Comments
India laps up movie fare such as Singham, but the reality of policing hits harder home than a Rs. 100-crore plus flick. Such bitter reality hit students of the Jadavpur University during the early hours of Wednesday. 
The Kolkata Police entered the university, allegedly dragged and injured students including girls, and detained many as they raged against the alleged sexual assault on a student after a college fest.
 
The city’s police chief claims his officers exercised restraint. The students believe otherwise and want the police punished. The students believe the police action was yet another instance of abuse of power.
 
In India, reel-life Singhams win popularity contests, those in real are on shaky ground. Here is a look at statistics, which give an inside view.
"In many parts of india, the police is the only visible state presence. police say that there is pressure from the public to punish crimes. this leads to the police acting as judge and jury, beating up suspects who are presumed guilty without trial "
-  Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia Director, Human Rights watch
 
Custodial violations include unlawful detention, illegal arrests, custodial deaths and torture. The numbers do not show the police in shining light.
 
Around 3,963 cases of unlawful detention were reported from 2011 till July this year. Of these cases, 3,069 have been disposed of and 894 are pending.
 
In the same period, 2,532 cases of illegal arrests were reported against the police —2,127 cases have been disposed of and 405 are pending.  
 
Surprisingly, Delhi, a relatively small state, comes second in the number of illegal arrests, unlawful detention and tortures in police custody. Uttar Pradesh, India’s most populous state, tops all the charts.
  
 
"The police in india also complain that they subjected to constant pressures from politicians or other powerful individuals who acts as patrons to criminals, and demand that the police drop action against them"
-  Meenakshi Ganguly
The police had 446 cases of custodial deaths registered against them in almost four years. To make matters worse, 334 or 74% of these cases are pending.
 
In the same period, 1,456 cases of custodial torture were also registered. Here too, pending cases amount to 74% (1,088). 
  
 
"The NHRC does not have enough investigative capacity. it often relies on the state human rights commissions, which are understaffed and ill equipped. often there are political appointments. to be effetive, these commissions should be truly independent"
-  Meenakshi Ganguly
The figures used in this story are reported cases and the actual number may be higher.
 
Moreover, custodial deaths can also be due to ill-health, suicides, accidents and homicides among other causes.
Interestingly, the system is swift while disposing of cases of illegal arrests and unlawful detention, with a disposal rate of 84% and 77%.
ND Pancholi, President, Delhi chapter of the Poeple's Union for Civil Liberty (PUCL) said, “There is no effort on the part of ruling parties to chart out police training which inculcates the feeling among police personnel that their prime responsibility is to the Constitution, rule of law and to the people”. 
 
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) takes note of these violations. In the period analysed, the NHRC filed 72 cases against illegal arrests and unlawful detention. It imposed a fine of Rs. 53 lakh. Disciplinary action was taken in 10 cases, but did not lead to any prosecutions.
 
The NHRC also filed around 242 cases against the police for deaths and torture. A fine of Rs. 6 crore was imposed on the police. Disciplinary action was taken in 13 cases. It led to just one prosecution.
 
Abuse by the police, however, is not solely an Indian problem. The US, a developed nation, has an average of 983 custodial deaths per year compared to 110 in India. China, on the other hand, is often under scrutiny over human rights.
 
A study by Amnesty International — more than 21,000 people in 21 countries participated in the survey — concluded that international rules against torture are implemented the least in India, along with Argentina, Mexico, Nigeria and Peru.
 
Interestingly, 74% respondents in India felt torture was justified to gain information.
Story Idea and written by : Sourjya Bhowmick (@Sourjyabhowmick)
Visualization : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

Earthquakes destroy  damage 83 houses in PhilippinesPrint
Associated Press | Manila | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:29 pm
A series of earthquakes destroyed 17 houses and damaged 66 others Saturday in a southern Philippine town, slightly injuring three people, officials said.
A magnitude-5 quake, the strongest of the tremors that shook the area, caused most of the damage in one mountain village, said Eduardo Buenacosa, disaster officer of Makilala municipality in North Cotabato province.
Local officials were preventing residents of houses that were destroyed from returning home because of the danger of a collapse, he said.
He said three people were treated for bruises after they were hit by concrete fragments from collapsed walls.
Renato Solidum, chief of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology, said a similar series of small shallow tremors known as a “swarm” hit the same region several years ago and was caused by movements of a fault line. In some cases, a “swarm” precedes a major earthquake, he said.
Residents of the worst-hit mountain village of Luayon, where 45 houses were damaged and 15 destroyed, were celebrating its foundation day with a program at which provincial Gov. Emmylou Mendoza was a guest when the strongest earthquake struck, Buenacosa said.
“We felt the stage swaying,” Mendoza told reporters. “We grabbed hold of our chairs and looked at each other. After about 10 seconds it was over and the program continued.”
Buenacosa said officials stopped residents from returning home where concrete walls had cracked and collapsed. Two Protestant chapels and an empty daycare center were also damaged.
He said he was preparing breakfast when the first quake struck. The seismology institute recorded more than a dozen earthquakes striking minutes apart.
The Philippine archipelago lies in the Pacific “Ring of Fire,” where earthquakes and volcanic activities are common. A magnitude-7.2 earthquake in central Bohol province killed 200 people last year.

IAF AN-32 crashlands in Chandigarh  9 injuredComments
An IAF AN-32 transport aircraft was involved in a "hard landing" on Saturday at the Chandigarh airfield sparking a minor fire and leaving nine people on board including the four-member crew with minor injuries.
The Russian-built AN-32 was on a flight from Bhatinda when the incident occurred at around 9:30 pm, an IAF spokesperson said.
The spokesperson said the aircraft has been damaged.
A Court of Inquiry has been ordered into the incident.
The nine people on board the AN-aircraft comprised a four-member crew besides five passengers, who were all IAF personnel, the spokesperson said.
The aicraft after landing veered off the runaway, the spokesperson added.
Further details are awaited.

GST possible from April 1  2016E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maoists losing ground in BastarDANTEWADA (BASTAR), September 21, 2014
Updated: September 21, 2014 01:51 IST
Maoists losing ground in Bastar
Pavan Dahat
The Hindu Former Moaist military company leader Sutte and his wife Asmati. Photo: Pavan Dahat
TOPICS
gangs & organised crime
Tribal support waning, say surrendered cadre
Former members of the banned Communist Party of India (Maoist) who recently surrendered in Bastar say the Maoists are losing ground in the region. Support from the tribal communities too is waning.
Despite being the heartland of the Maoists, Bastar has witnessed a wave of surrenders — over 150 in the past three months, the police say.
Usaru Koram, alias Sutte, former commander of the Maoist military company no. 6, told The Hindu that the “exploitation and discrimination” of the local Chhattisgarh-cadre by the “outsider” Andhra cadre was one of the main reasons for the increase.
“Almost all senior leaders are from Andhra Pradesh. In every incident, they ask us to lead and fight from the front, while they keep themselves in the back under security cover,” said Usaru, who was involved in six major incidents, including the killing of the Superintendent of Police (SP) of Rajnandgaon.
“The tough and challenging life in the forest is driving many Maoists to lay down arms,” said Chaitram Salam, former section commander of the Maoists’ central regional committee, who was also involved in the Jiram Ghati attack on a Congress convoy last year that took the lives of the senior Congress leaders V.C. Shukla and Mahendra Karma.
Chaitram’s wife, Manjula, a member of the Maoists’ military company, who was allegedly involved in the massacre of 76 CRPF men near Tadmetla village in 2010, said “indiscriminate killing” of many tribal people was eroding the party base. Manjula said women cadres faced problems from senior leaders.
“The discontinuation of the Salwa Judum campaign had a major effect on the party support base. Many tribal people from Bastar joined the party because of the excesses committed by Judum mobs,” said Sanjay Potam, alias Badru, former CPI (Maoists) divisional committee member in the Darbha area.

Well take every inch of Kashmir: BilawalAP Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, son of Pakistan's assassinated Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, has said that his Pakistan People’s Party would get back entire Kashmir from India. File photo
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
India's integrity is non-negotiable: MEA
India reacted sharply to the statement by Pakistan’s opposition leader Bilawal Bhutto that he will “take back Kashmir, every inch of it” made at a political rally in Pakistan on Friday.
“The integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable and that counts for anyone,” said External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, calling Mr. Bhutto’s comment “far from reality which takes us back into the past century.” Mr. Bhutto’s remarks were made at a public rally in Multan, in Pakistan’s Punjab province, where his party, the PPP, was wiped out in the 2013 general elections. Mr. Bhutto’s PPP was wiped out in Multan in the 2013 general elections.
A spokesperson for Mr. Bhutto, Fawad Chaudhury, however, told The Hindu, “After the Scottish referendum, many here are looking again at the possibility of a referendum in Kashmir. When told of the strong reaction in India, he said he was not speaking of a war with India, but that Pakistan owns Kashmir on moral grounds.”
Parties condemn Bilawal remarks on Kashmir
Political reactions across party lines have strongly condemned the statement by Bilawal Bhutto that his party, the Pakistan People’s Party, would take over the whole of Kashmir.
The BJP described the statement as “immature” and “childish,” and said Kashmir would always remain an integral part of India. “Any discussion on it is not acceptable to us. Kashmir resides in the hearts of Indians,” said BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain
The Congress’s Shakeel Ahmad said, “Bilawal Bhutto is inexperienced, he doesn’t know India’s power as a nation.”
Mr. Bhutto’s PPP was wiped out in Multan in the 2013 general elections. According to an analyst in Pakistan, “He [Bhutto] thinks he can gain this region back, where pro-Taliban forces are strong, with such statements on Kashmir.”

India  Bangal FM meet: No headway in LBA  Teesta water issueIndia  Bangal FM meet: No headway in LBA  Teesta water issue
Kashmir floods wash out apple crop worth almost Rs 1 000 crKashmir floods wash out apple crop worth almost Rs 1 000 cr
Why The Monogram Murders is making headlinesWhy ‘The Monogram Murders’, with ‘Hercule Poirot ‘ as central character is making headlines
By ET Bureau | 21 Sep, 2014, 05.49AM IST
Sophie Hannah, an English thriller writer has released The Monogram Murders, where the central character is Poirot
ET SPECIAL:
The same as between an Indian and a Pakistani.
Oh. That big a difference?
Yup.
But hasn't Agatha Christie been dead for years?
You seem to be very clued in.
Dude, chill. christie was my favourite in school.
You don't look the type to have read Christie.
Yeah so i'm not the Anglo types like you. what about Poirot?
Sophie Hannah, an English thriller writer has released The Monogram Murders, where the central character is Poirot
Can she just revive a character? no copyright or anything?
Hannah had received the go-ahead from the Christie estate.
Is he as funny as the original?
Funny as well as smart.
And the moustache?
That's there too. And the grey cells and unidiomatic English.
Hope it is as gripping as Christie's.
Most of the early reviews are positive.
But then the James Bond book was bad.
You mean Sebastian Faulks' Devil May Care? Yeah that was bad. Also his Bertie and Jeeves.
What's Jeeves?

Kashmir youth going back to the gun: Army reportComments
The armed insurgency in Kashmir is gradually changing course to thrive on more homegrown militants, rather than foreign fighters, with social media as a rampant and virtually unchecked tool, an internal assessment of the army has said.
The 14-page analysis -- which HT has viewed -- also raises concerns that glaring policy failures now threaten to undo precious gains made against terror outfits in Kashmir.
The shift towards “local recruits” and the Hizbul Mujahideen — which has “local affinity” unlike the Lashkar-e-Taiba — helps cut costs and takes focus away from the “involvement of Pakistan”, which is under increasing scrutiny of the West, the document notes.
 “Thus, there has been a radical change in the nature of insurgency, from a phenomenon supported by external forces to a primarily domestic-driven movement,” the report states. 
HT could not independently ascertain the claims made in the document, which appears to present an academic overview for internal discussions by military higher-ups.
The document notes that a poorly managed rehabilitation policy to help integrate those who gave up militancy has pushed many of them back into insurgency.
It even identifies a few illustrative cases, such as that of Shakil Ahmed Wani of Badgaum, who carried out a daring strike at Pakharpura Shrine on June 16 this year.
Describing his background, the document states Shakil had three postgraduate degrees from various universities.
The state’s 2004 rehabilitation policy — Rs. 1.5 lakh in fixed deposits and Rs. 2,000 as monthly stipend — is “nonexistent”, the report says.
Attitudes towards surrendered militants and harassment of ordinary Kashmiris have also hurt counter-insurgency efforts. 
“It has come to notice that a few youths had taken up arms against security forces in J&K because of inhuman treatment meted out by the Jammu and Kashmir Police and security forces to them/close relatives/family members,” the document notes. 
Former militants or their families are repeatedly summoned and harassed, “aggravating” their “frail economic and mental status”.  Moreover, court cases of human rights violations are increasing, it said.
The report calls for promoting the Hanafi sect of Islam, whose standard bearer is the influential Islamic seminary Darul Uloom in Deoband, Uttar Pradesh, as a response to the growing influence of the Ahle Hadith sect. “Moderate Hanafia maulvis need to be encouraged to voice their views…in all districts of the Kashmir Valley.”
Hanafi represents one of the four schools of Sunni Islamic thought and is popular throughout the subcontinent.
Ahle Hadith, which began as a 19th century Sunni reformist movement, is now viewed by western analysts as more conservative and aligned with Salafits, an Islamic movement in West Asia.       
Indoctrination has become easy and convenient through social media, the analysis states, calling for a new strategy to deal with it.
Use of tools such as Facebook, Youtube and the messaging app WhatsApp has enabled “cheap, quick…and broad dissemination and unfettered communication” by militants.

Seat sharing row: BJP turns down Shiv Sena s new offerComments
The Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have pledged to keep their alliance alive, amidst the seat-sharing row, but Saturday’s developments continued to threaten the country’s oldest alliance, with state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis objecting to the Sena’s revised offer.
Advertisement
Sources said, in a late night development, the BJP asked its district chiefs to be prepared for any outcome of the talks. The party has also identified candidates for all 288 Assembly seats if talks fail.
The Sena had earlier on Saturday proposed to give the BJP 126 seats, but only if nine of these seats are given to smaller allies. The Sena would keep 155 and give seven seats to ally Swabhimani Paksha.
“After giving away nine seats to allies, we will have only 117 seats for us,” Fadnavis said, after his meeting with Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to discuss the seat sharing.
Earlier, Subhash Desai (the Sena leader who conveyed the offer to BJP) had asked Fadnavis to get in touch with Uddhav after thinking about the offer.
Sena leader Anil Desai - among the two leaders who conveyed the offer to the BJP at MP Poonam Mahajan’s residence - maintained there was no tension between the allies and expected the BJP to keep his party informed of the decision the BJP’s core committee takes. The core committee met twice on Saturday.
The core committee, however, was not happy with the Sena’s offer. Senior leaders even asked party high command to break the alliance, instead of facing consistent humiliation.
“Are we fools to accept this insane offer? Earlier they offered us 119, including a share for allies. The Sena must come down to 140 or else face break-up,” a leader told the core committee.
BJP’s state poll in-charge OP Mathur, who has been interacting with Sena leaders, including Thackeray’s son Aaditya, led a fresh round of talks on Friday night. The core committee has finalised a list of candidates to be approved by the high command.
 “Our central parliamentary board will meet in New Delhi on Sunday,” Mathur said.
Read: Seat-sharing row: Allies Shiv Sena, BJP try and hold on for now
BJP sources said their high command will take a decision only after the meeting between Fadnavis and Thackeray. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari and party president Amit Shah are monitoring the situation, they said.
Earlier this week, the Sena, with an eye on the chief minister’s post, refused to reduce its share from 169 (of 288) that it had in the 2009 polls. After offering the BJP 119 seats on Thursday, it revised the figure to 126, but with the rider of the nine seats.
 The BJP, however, insisted on 130 seats – five less than its earlier demand. It asked the Sena to come down to 140 seats and distribute the remaining 18 between four other allies. The BJP’s demand is based on the results of the Lok Sabha polls in May, where it won 23 seats and the Sena, 18.
The BJP has also been citing the fact that there are 59 Assembly seats the Sena has never won.
Talks between the allies was about to collapse last week, after Thackeray questioned the impact of a Modi wave for the state polls. Thackeray will meet Sena’s district unit chiefs on Sunday, where he may speak on the ongoing tussle over seat-sharing.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission issued a notification for the Assembly polls on Saturday. The returning officers started accepting nominations from candidates and the last date for this is September 27.

India need not become China  it has to regain its lost glory: PM in CNN world exclusive interview32
0
New Delhi: Asserting that the current era belonged to Asia, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a world exclusive interview to CNN said that India was at par with China, adding that the two nations were growing at a similar pace.
Reminiscing the days when India was called the 'Golden Bird', Modi said, "India does not need to become anything else. India must become only India. This is a country that once upon a time was called the golden bird. We have fallen from where we were before. But now we have the chance to rise again."
"If you see the details of the last five or 10 centuries, you will see that India and China have grown at similar paces. Their contributions to global GDP have risen in parallel, and fallen in parallel. Today's era once again belongs to Asia. India and China are both growing rapidly, together," he said when asked if India could match up to the GDP achieved by its neighbour.
#narendra modi #modi #the modi interview #cnn fareed zakaria
Modi, who is a hit amongst the entrepreneurs, said that he had great faith in the people and their talent. "It is my absolute belief that Indians have unlimited talent. I have no doubt about our capabilities. I have a lot of faith in the entrepreneurial nature of our 1.25 billion people. There is a lot of capability. And I have a clear road map to channel it."
Watch the full interview on CNN-IBN at 4:30 pm on Sunday (September 21)
666

UPSC shifts NDA & NA exam centre from Srinagar to JammuUPSC shifts NDA & NA exam centre from Srinagar to Jammu
Yahoo rakes in another jackpot from Alibaba s IPOYahoo rakes in another jackpot from Alibaba's IPO
AP | San Francisco Sep 19, 2014 09:40 PM IST
Yahoo is making amends for years of blundering with one smart move: an early investment in China's Alibaba Group that has turned into a multibillion-dollar boon.
The latest windfall will be delivered with Alibaba's record-setting IPO completed late yesterday, which is expected raise up to $25 billion for the e-commerce company and its early backers.
ALSO READ:  Alibaba expected to rise more than 30% in trading debut
Alibaba's shares will begin trading for the first time on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Yahoo is in line to make anywhere from $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion from the initial public offering, depending on whether investment bankers exercise their right to buy additional stock in the deal.
The payoff supplements the $7.6 billion jackpot that Yahoo collected two years ago after selling another chunk of its Alibaba holdings and reworked a licensing agreement with the Chinese company.
Even if Yahoo ends up selling its maximum allotment of 140 million shares in the IPO, the Sunnyvale, California, company will still retain a roughly 16 percent stake in Alibaba Group Ltd.
Worth another $26 billion to $27 billion. Not a bad return, considering Yahoo acquired its Alibaba stake for $1 billion in 2005 in a deal engineered by company co-founder Jerry Yang and former CEO Terry Semel.
The Alibaba investment has helped ease the pain of Yahoo's struggles in Internet advertising, the heart of its business. Yahoo's annual revenue has slipped from a peak of $7.2 billion to projected $4.5 billion this year, a decline of nearly 40 per cent.

Exxon winds down Russian Arctic drillingExxon winds down Russian Arctic drilling campaign
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8910fe7c-401f-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ExxonMobil profits surge as output fallsExxonMobil profits surge as output falls
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27ea675e-18b1-11e4-933e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ExxonMobil to pump$1bnintoEuropeExxonMobil to pump $1bn into Europe
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3733cf5a-0134-11e4-a938-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

To rival Maruti & Hyundai  VW planning to drive in SEATE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oculus unveils new virtual reality prototype...Facebook's Oculus unveils new virtual reality prototype device
By Reuters | 21 Sep, 2014, 03.16AM IST
Facebook Inc's Oculus VR unit announced an upgraded prototype of its virtual reality headset that has higher resolution and built-in audio, but the company said it is not ready to sell a device to consumers.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LOS ANGELES: Facebook Inc's Oculus VR unit announced an upgraded prototype of its virtual reality headset that has higher resolution and built-in audio, but the company said it is not ready to sell a device to consumers.
The new Crescent Bay device also is lighter than the most recent prototype of the Oculus Rift headset the company has made available to developers, Chief Executive Brendan Iribe said on Saturday at an Oculus developers conference in Hollywood.
"This is not the consumer product," Iribe said. But he added that "it is much, much closer."
Facebook, the world's largest social network, acquired two-year-old Oculus in July for $2 billion, making a bet that the untested technology will emerge as a new social and communications platform.
The Oculus Rift goggles create a 360-degree view that immerses players in fantasy settings. Users mount the device on their heads with a strap.

IAF AN-32 aircraft makes a  hard landing   9...AN-32 aircraft
(In IAF AN-32 transport aircraft…)
CHANDIGARH: In IAF AN-32 transport aircraft was involved in a "hard landing" tonight at the Chandigarh airfield here sparking a minor fire and leaving nine people on board including the four-member crew with minor injuries.
The Russian-built AN-32 was on a flight from Bhatinda when the incident occurred at around 9.30 pm, an IAF spokesperson said.
The spokesperson said the aircraft has been damaged. A Court of Inquiry has been ordered into the incident.
The nine people on board the AN-aircraft comprised a four-member crew besides five passengers, who were all IAF personnel, the spokesman said.
The aicraft after landing veered off the runaway, the spokesman added.
Further details are awaited.

Maharashtra polls to decide fate of some key playersMaharashtra polls to decide fate of some key players
Most wanted: Maoists beat terrorists in bounty stakesComments
Dawood Ibrahim is no longer India’s most wanted man. That title now belongs to top Maoist leader Ganapathy, whose Red army is spread across 10 states and is a virtual government unto itself in several large swathes.
The difference between them: The CPI (Maoist) general secretary carries a Rs. 2.52-crore bounty on his head that is 10 times and above the Rs. 15 lakh offered for the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts accused.
The distinction doesn’t end with the two. Maoists, considered India’s biggest internal security threat, are miles ahead of gangsters like Dawood and even wanted terrorists when it comes to bounty.
CPI (Maoist) politburo members Namabala Kesava Rao and Kishan Da alias Prashant Bose are worth Rs. 1.57 crore and Rs. 1.47 crore, respectively, while their colleague Deo Kumar Singh alias Arvindji, who holds sway in the Jharkhand-Bhihar region, is worth Rs. 1.32 crore.
On the other hand, the Indian Mujahideen’s fugitive founder Riyaz Bhatkal — whose group carries out deadly attacks with alarming alacrity across the country — carries a prize of Rs. 25 lakh.
Ramchandra Kalasangra and Sandeep Dange, most wanted accused in ‘Hindu terror cases’, carry rewards of Rs. 20 lakh each offered by the CBI and National Investigation Agency.
“Not everyone was enthusiastic when the idea to increase the bounty for top Maoists was mooted by a CRPF officer at a meeting of states affected by Left-wing extremism, after the NDA government took charge.
But home secretary Anil Goswami backed it and asked the states to work on it since the police are a state subject,” said a home ministry official.
Acting on this, Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh were the first to announce Rs. 1-crore bounties on Ganapathy (the cumulative now stands at Rs. 2.52 crore).
 They also enhanced the offer for politburo members from Rs. 7 -10 lakh to Rs. 50-60 lakh while information leading to the arrest of a central committee member would now fetch Rs. 40-50 Lakh.
The decision to hike bounties was in part inspired by the Andhra Pradesh experience.
“Because Andhra had the maximum reward money, many Maoists there surrendered as they got to keep the money to start life afresh. They also turned valuable sources of information on Maoist movements,” said a home ministry official.
He added that if the new reward policy worked, the government would end up spending far less on resources deployed to catch the rebels.
States continually review Maoist bounties. “They are announced according to ranks and stature and are subject to change following reviews of activities and threat perception,” Odisha director general of police Sanjiv Marik told HT.
For instance, Sabyasachi Panda, now arrested, was worth Rs. 20 lakh when he headed the CPI (Maoist) Odisha organising committee that looted police armouries in Nayagarh and abducted two Italian tourists. But the offer was reduced to Rs. 5 lakh following his dismissal by the rebel group.
In contrast, the prize on Dawood has stayed almost constant.
A former CBI official told HT they received several inputs about his movements outside Pakistan but lack of international support killed any attempts at action. “Even now, we keep getting information but almost everytime it turns out be wrong. But we check everything,” the official said.
There is no ‘process’ for making ‘wanted’ lists in India. There is no centralised data on rewards announced by state police on top criminals and terror suspects.
With the formation in 2009 of the NIA, a federal agency to probe terror cases, the situation has improved. The NIA has announced substantially higher rewards (R10-15 lakh) and the information is now available on its website.
(Inputs from Priya Ranjan Sahu in Bhubaneswar, Ejaz Kaiser in Raipur, B Vijay Murthy in Ranchi, Prasad Nichenametla in Hyderabad, Avinash Kumar in Patna.)

In-form Rai leads India to team bronze in 10m Air PistolIn-form Rai leads India to team bronze in 10m Air Pistol
G20 finance chiefs confident growth goals achievableG20 finance chiefs confident growth goals achievable
IT innovation: We have seen a lot  but havent really seen anythingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rs 1 000cr apple crop lost in J&K: AssochamRs 1 000cr apple crop lost in J&K: Assocham
Bankers expect 15% credit growth in FY15Bankers expect 15% credit growth in FY15
BS Reporter | Kolkata Sep 20, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Bankers are confident that loan demand will revive in the second half of this financial year, allowing lenders to register credit growth at 15 per cent in 2014-15.
“We are hopeful of a pick-up in credit demand with the festival season beginning. While no fresh projects are coming in, we are seeing good demand from retail, SME and farm sectors. I think it is possible for the industry to grow credit at 14-15 per cent in the current financial year,” Arun Kaul, CMD said at a conference organised by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here on Friday.
A similar view was echoed by RK Dubey, chairman and managing director of Canara Bank. “Our priority sector loans have grown by 30 per cent, MSME by 30 per cent and retail by 40 per cent. We expect retail loan demand to pick-up further,” he said.
Bankers, however, admitted that corporates continue to shy away from availing bank credit.
“There is no pick-up in investment demand. We will lend (to the corporate sector) provided we get good proposals. We have surplus liquidity now. But we won’t like to add to our non-performing assets,” Dubey said.
For the fortnight ended September 5, annual credit growth in the banking system fell to 9.68 per cent, data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed. This was the first time since October 2009 (9.01 per cent) that growth in bank credit fell below 10 per cent.

Weekly: Markets retain winning streak on Fed outcomeWeekly: Markets retain winning streak on Fed outcome
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 10:07 PM IST
Benchmark indices eked out marginal gains for the week, as the markets heaved a sigh of relief on the US Federal Reserve decision to continue with its low-interest rate regime for a ‘considerable time’.
Also, Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom, spurning independence in a historic referendum that worried both the allies and investors, helped the investor sentiment.
The major dampners for the week were sluggish July domestic industrial growth and weaker-than-expected economic data from China raising concerns over slowdown among the world's largest economies.
In the week to September 19, the 30-share Sensex ended up 0.1 per cent or 29 points at 27,090 and the 50-share Nifty added 0.2 per cent or 16 points to close at 8,121.
The weakness in the broader markets was prominent where a sell-off in the initial part of the week nearly wiped off the gains in the last two days of trade. The Midcap Index was down over one per cent while the Smallcap Index inched higher by 0.2 per cent.
Sectors and stocks
Defensives were the clear favourites this week as volatility made a comeback. IT and health care indices ended as the top sectoral gainers up 2.3 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively. Realty and auto indices up 0.9 per cent were the only other sectors that ended positive.
IT shares gained on hopes that they were better placed to weather any Fed-related volatility. IT heavyweights like TCS, Infosys, HCL Technologies, Tech Mahindra and Wipro added 1-4 per cent.
The movers in the pharma space were Dr Reddy’s, Lupin and Cipla up 2-9 per cent. Real estate investment trusts (REITs) kept the realty scrips afloat as scrips like Unitech, Indiabulls Real Estate and Phoenix Mill gained 4-10 per cent.
Auto counters gained as Hero MotoCorp and Maruti Suzuki drove higher on reaction to counter specific news.
Hero MotoCorp gained seven per cent after the company said it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh. Maruti Suzuki ended up four per cent after the company announced that its Manesar facility has crossed the 2.5-million production milestone this month. Baja Auto and Tata Motors up 2.7 per cent and 0.5 per cent were the other gainers in the auto space.
Meanwhile, Oil & Gas, Metal, PSU, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices down 1-3 per cent were the top sectoral losers.
Oil & Gas scrips dropped almost in tandem with the drop in crude oil prices. IOC, ONGC, Oil India, GAIL and RIL were down 2-7 per cent and were among the top losers among Nifty stocks.
Some of the other prominent losers for the week were Coal India, L&T, HUL, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite, Axis Bank and SBI which declined by 2-4 per cent.
The week ahead
Markets are likely to remain volatile early next week as roll-over positions to the October series will be closely watched. The September derivative contracts will expire on Thursday, September 25, 2014.
Market participants will also keep track of foreign fund inflows, On the international front, ECB President Mario Draghi's speech on European economy and US’s annualised Q2 GDP (gross domestic product) data will help shape the global cues.

Pvt banks likely to perform well next week: AshwaniApollo Tyres
("Private banks are looking…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral .com, shares his views on the markets as well as some sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What will we do early next week because in Friday's session, the oil and gas stocks definitely took a bit of a pause or probably even a tick down?
Ashwani Gujral: The uptrend should continue. Sometimes the second day is a bit choppy. Still we held on to the gains of yesterday. So my sense is that the up move will be slow till the oil stocks start participating again, but the market is still showing enough momentum to make it to new highs and once oil starts participating, you will suddenly have a 100-120-point type day. So the idea should be to stay in. Meanwhile in terms of swing trades, private banks seem to have corrected enough. Four days back, IT was looking good. Right now private banks are looking extremely good. That helps not only the Bank Nifty , but indirectly the Nifty too. So the chances next week could belong to the private banks.
ET Now: I want to get your highlights on some of TCS, HCL Technologies , Wipro , Polaris, and Hexaware. All of them have been big gainers. Anything that do you like for a trade next week?
Ashwani Gujral: They were all slammed for wrong reasons. Alibaba is getting listed and after a five to six-day type of correction, particularly on trending stocks, it is literally a no-brainer that they will move at some point. Some stocks like Tata Elxsi still have more upside because they have consolidated for the last six months. Midcap stocks are also picking up steam. MindTree is another one that looks extremely good. So chances are that you should do 1400 on that.
ET Now: Rs 313-314 for Zee. How much do you think can it do next week?
Ashwani Gujral: Zee at 310 has always tried to stop the price. Now even yesterday, the price crossed 310 momentarily and then came down. Often, the second attempt to cross significant highs tends to succeed. So chances are that Zee is beginning a fresh move which could be almost 50 bucks from here. So 360-365 is possible on Zee. You should now hold that with a 300 type of stop.
ET Now: I want to pick up NBCC with you. We have discussed this time and again this week. But what is the prospect after a bit of profit taking coming in on Friday?
Ashwani Gujral: The prospects are that it should again move sideways given that from 460, it has been a big rally and the problem can be that sometimes, people just get in on top of a rally and then for the next three months, the stock does nothing. So the idea should be that whoever was a short-term player has made his money. He should get out, but fresh buying should happen only once a stock at least gets into a consolidation or starts moving down. If you buy at these levels, you can be down 100 bucks in a jiffy on any sort of bad news. This is the way Tata Elxsi used to move and then for six months, it did nothing. So it is a bad idea to buy stocks which are moving up so sharply. So for the moment, expect sideways consolidation, and only then enter.
ET Now: Do you have a view on any of the tyre names -- JK or Ceat for that matter?
Ashwani Gujral: Tyre stocks basically are showing extremely strong trends and now the move is happening in the midcap space more than the large cap tyre stocks. So chances are they will make several new highs. Possibly, Ceat is now getting ready for the levels of 1000. The rallies may become a bit more slower in MRF or Apollo Tyres basically because you have the ability to go short there. But tyre is definitely one of the stronger auto ancillary spaces.
ET Now: What is on your trading list?
Ashwani Gujral: India Cement is a buy with a stop of 117, target of 131. As I said, private banks could do well. So Kotak Mahindra is a buy with a stop of 1050, target of 1120, and Cipla again can be bought with a stop around 620, and target of 656.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top ten stocks which can give up to 16% return in next 4-5 days360 Degree Feedback
(The outlook for the Indian…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart rally towards the end of the week to record sixth straight week of rise. However, US Fed uncertainty capped gains and both Sensex and Nifty registered marginal gains for the week ended September 19.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed 0.1 per cent higher, while Nifty ended 0.2 per cent up. The Midcap index closed 1.4 per cent higher while the BSE Small-cap index ended 0.2 per cent up.
Benchmark indices got some boost towards the end of the week's trading after the US Federal Reserve at the end of a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, 17 September 2014, maintained a commitment to keep US interest rates near zero for a considerable time.
The outlook for the Indian markets during the week remains volatile, although buyers are expected to emerge on corrections.
The market may remain volatile as traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series on Thursday, 25 September.
"Trend in investment by FPIs, trend in global markets, movement of rupee against the dollar & crude oil price movement will dictate near trend on the domestic bourses," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
We have collated list of ten stocks to watch in this coming week which can give up to 16 per cent return in next 4-5 days:
Analyst: Puneet Kinra,AVP Research (Equity Technical), Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Aditya Birla Nuvo: BUY (1696-1666), AVG BUY PRICE (1681), TARGET 1760 AND 1800, STOPLOSS 1625 (Daily closing basis) Time 4-5 days.
On Friday, AB Nuvo Breakout above its resistance level of 1660 with higher volumes. Bulls are having control at the moment. Investors can buy 50 per cent at 1696 and the rest 50 per cent on decline at 1660 levels. We may witness buying interest till 1800 levels in next few days.
Tata Elxsi: BUY (669-649), AVG BUY PRICE (659), TARGET 730 and 775, STOPLOSS 615 (Daily closing basis) Time 4-5 day
On Friday, stock breakout above major resistance at 635 levels with higher volumes and made all time high at 688.80 levels. Buying momentum till 775 levels may be continue in the next 4-5 days.
Dishman Pharmaceuticals: BUY (189-183), AVG BUY PRICE (186), TGT 200 AND 210 STOPLOSS: 174 (Daily closing basis) Time: 4-5 days
On Friday, Dishman breakout above resistance at 178 levels with higher volumes and made 52-week high at 193.90. Upside target of 210 may be seen in next few days.
ITC: BUY (359-355), AVG BUY PRICE (357), TGT 365 AND 372 STOPLOSS: 350 (Daily closing basis) Time: 4-5 days
On Friday, ITC showed strength for 4th consecutive day. The stock is making higher bottoms and is expected to break 360 resistance on upside and rally till 372 may be seen in next few days.
Finolex Industries: BUY (335-325), AVG BUY PRICE (330), TGT 350 AND 360 STOPLOSS: 318 (Daily closing basis) Time: 4-5 days
On Friday, Finolex made all time high at 338 levels on the NSE and also breakout above resistance at 325 levels with higher volumes. The stock may rally till 360 levels in next few days.
Analyst: Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
ACC: Target 1549-1576 Stop Loss 1495
The overall trend of the stock is bullish. The stock is showing correction since few trading sessions and has bounced from its major support recently. Currently, it is sustaining below the falling trend line and facing resistance mark of 1522.
The stock is sustaining above 50 and 200 days moving averages with the RSI of 50, which indicates further buying opportunities for traders in the stock. Traders can get targets of 1549 and 1576, where they can put strict stop loss of 1495.
JustDial: TGT 1840-1900 SL 1660
After registering all time high of 1894.40, stock is showing correction since past few sessions. The stock is trading sideways on the daily charts and accumulating below the resistance mark of 1750 with positive sentiments.
The stock is sustaining above 50 and 200 days moving averages with the RSI of 54. Traders can initiate long position above its resistance mark and expect targets of 1840 and 1900 in the stock. It takes support of 1660 which acts as technical stop loss for the stock.
IndusInd Bank: TGT 664-690 SL 612
The primary trend of the stock is bullish. The stock is trading near 52-weeks high and consolidating at the same since past few sessions. The stock is trading below the resistance mark of 638 with the RSI of 68, which indicates further upside movement in the stock in upcoming sessions. Traders can expect targets of 664 and 690 in the stock, where they can put strict stop loss of 612.
Hindalco Industries: TGT177-187 SL 159
The stock is showing correction since past few session and it has bounced from its major support recently. The stock is forming reversal pattern on the short term charts and sustaining below the resistance mark of 166.50 with the RSI of 48.
It is likely to show upside movement in upcoming sessions above its resistance mark and show the levels of 177 and 187. The stock takes support at 159 which acts as technical stop loss for the stock.
Kolte- Patil Developers: TGT208-214 SL 188
The major trend of the stock is bullish. Stock is trading at the higher level accumulating near to the major resistance of 196 since past few sessions. Stock is sustaining above 50 and 200 days moving averages with the RSI of 55, which indicates further buying opportunities in the stock.
The stock may continue its bullish trend in upcoming session and show the level of 208 and 214 in the stock, while the technical stop loss is at 188 which acts as technical stop loss for the stock.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Its difficult to be on the right side of every trade: Devang MehtaAnalyst
("Factors like revival of…)
At 16x times forward PE, market valuations are somewhere near fair value. However, earnings growth along with PE rerating going forward can lead the markets to new highs, says Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, AnandRathi Financial Services, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) With the Fed uncertainty at bay, does it mean that a new bull run has started for the Indian markets? Even if the Fed does raise rates in 2015, will it have a major impact on the Indian markets?
Devang Mehta: With a major global hangover in the form of Fed interest rate decision out of the way, the stock markets have bounced back with a renewed vigor. The actions taken by the government as well as the RBI will in fact make India better equipped in case of a Fed rate hike.
We think that the five factors, namely revival of the capex cycle, softening of inflation/rates, introduction of GST, greater financial savings and greater productivity, will make India one of the most attractive destinations for investment.
Q) Despite infusion of liquidity by the government, the worst is still not over for China. On the other hand, India has managed to revive growth and manufacturing output. However, CLSA in its recent report said that the Chinese economy will be as big ($21 trillion) as the US economy by 2020. Do you agree?
Devang Mehta: Consumption has always been a strong point for India. The only worry was the capex cycle, which was not getting a boost. The signs of macroeconomic parameters bottoming out, faster clearances on the anvil and growing business confidence will put India on a fast growth trajectory for another 3 to 5 years. We feel that India is on a strong footing with manufacturing, infrastructure etc. again assuming greater importance.
Q) Everybody wants to 'sell high and buy low'. But does that always work for traders or investors? Is there a way of gauging the right time to buy or sell? If not, what should investors keep in mind while using this strategy?
Devang Mehta: Timing and not timing is the key to equity investing. One can't be on the right side of every trade. Construct a portfolio of fundamentally good stocks and diversify into different sectors.
If one doesn't have the time and resources to manage his own funds, let the professionals do it. Systematic investment plans of good mutual funds will go a long way in creating long-term wealth. One needs to have a goal in mind while investing, have patience, expect realistic returns, review your portfolio periodically & learn from your own mistakes.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients.
Devang Mehta: Time-frame: 12 months for all stocks -
L&T: Target 1745.
We like the stock and feel that it is a proxy play for India's infrastructure growth story. With the geographical and segmental diversification, execution strengths, balance sheet and order book size, it is one of the best stocks to own in the current changing scenario.
Tata Motors: Target 605
JLR is expected to report robust numbers going forward and keep its outperformance going. Tapping new markets, launch of new models and new variants will help gain traction for JLR. Also, the domestic sales recovery will ensure that sentiment locally for Tata Motors will improve, though it's a smaller portion of the overall pie.
At 6.5 times one year forward PE, it presents a very good valuation & price rerating.
 
Wipro: Target 650
Wipro has seen a fifth quarter of growth acceleration (measured on YoY basis) moving up from a low 3.2 per cent in 4QFY13 to 9.6 per cent (8.8% organic) in 1QFY15. Also, the deal momentum reassures us that Wipro could accelerate further in the next 12 months, adding to our positive view of the company. Stock weakness (perhaps due to guidance) can be used to take exposure.
REC: Target 375.
REC has managed to generate steady earnings CAGR of 20 per cent over FY09-14. RoE has increased from 21% to 24.5%. With stable government at the Centre and infrastructure bottlenecks likely to be eliminated, growth in these sectors should revive slowly.
REC Ltd with niche position and domain knowledge in the power sector should benefit from this and therefore we expect a 17 per cent CAGR loan book growth over a period of FY13-16E with sustainable margins of above 4 per cent.
Currently the stock trades at PB of 1.06x and 0.89x for its FY15 and FY16E BV. We assume current 1.26x PB multiple for FY16E BV, which brings us to the target of Rs. 375, which is an upside of almost 40% from the current price.
DCB Bank: Target 107
In the past five years, DCB Bank's management has sharpened its focus on secured loans and their diversity, while maintaining a huge share of retail deposits (80%). This strategy has conferred remarkable results—improved credit quality, expanded risk-adjusted NIMs, and raised profitability as well as capital adequacy.

Women s panel seeks ban on porn sitesWomen's panel seeks ban on porn sites
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 20:  
The committee set up to advice the Telangana Government on the issue of women safety has called for barring porn sites that are found to be abutting crimes against women.
In its report submitted to the Government on Saturday, the committee called for starting a three-digit emergency phone number to attend to the distress calls by women.
The committee includes senior IAS officers Poonam Malakondaiah, Smita Sabharwal, Shailaja Ramaiyer, Sunil Sharma; and IPS officers Soumya Mishra, Charu Sinha and Swati Lakra.
Set up by the Telangana Government, the committee has been asked to study the issue, hold the discussions with stakeholders and come out with measures that can strengthen the safety net.
After studying over 60 State and Central laws and provisions in the Indian Penal Code that were meant to safeguard the interests of women, the committee felt that the Government must ensure all the business and shopping establishments allow their women staffers to leave by 8 pm or provide them transport facility.
It felt that the State introduce a reservation of 33 per cent for women in the police force to increase their numbers in the police force. If need be, the State can consider relaxing the qualifications to attract the women into the police force.
The State should also start a '24-hour one-stop support centres’ to provide support and assistance to all women. This can be integrated with this Women Helpline.
Woman in distress due to dowry harassment, domestic violence, sexual assault or child victims or any other such atrocity can approach the centre.
These centres should have a counsellor, a lady advocate with ten years of practice and police personnel headed by a lady deputy superintendent of police.
In addition, each centre will have a mutli-disciplinary mobile team which would be linked with the helpline. This will ensure an organic link of these one stop support centres with the women help lines.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

We depend on domain knowledge  tech more than headcount: Keshav MurugeshWe depend on domain knowledge, tech more than headcount: Keshav Murugesh
Bibhu Ranjan Mishra |  Sep 20, 2014 09:39 PM IST
From Tuesday, Nasscom is set to hold a two-day business process management (BPM) summit. In an interview with Bibhu Ranjan Mishra, Keshav Murugesh, chief executive of NYSE-listed BPM company WNS and chairman of the Nasscom BPM council, says while the sector moved ahead in the value chain, more changes are expected due to the increasing adoption of technologies such as social, mobile and analytics (SMAC). Edited excerpts:
With information technology companies starting to record good numbers, how is demand panning out for the BPM sector?
For BPM, demand is very stable and healthy. The message from companies such as WNS has been received very well in the market. From the point of view of WNS, our new go-to-market strategy and verticalised approach has been received quite well by clients. This why the number of large deals we have won has risen significantly. For instance, this year, we are optimistic of winning at least six large deals, against four last year and three a year before that. For us, large deals typically provide an annual contract value of about $5 million.
How has your verticalised structure helped?
Traditionally, all business process outsourcing companies went to the market based on the wage-arbitrage model. This is why the sector started with call centre services, followed by services surrounding finance and accounting and subsequently, legal processes. In fact, a lot of our competitors go to the market with horizontal services. But three years ago, we (WNS) dramatically changed our model and created an end-to-end vertical structure, with an aim of aligning more with the clients’ way of thinking. This is helping us carve out deals at a time when there are no deals.
In the IT and BPM sectors, intellectual property (IP) creation seems to be the buzz word. How far has WNS been able to capitalise on that?
IP is one of the differentiations we have driven. The second is de-linking headcount from revenues by creating more automation tools and mini-platforms within the company. So, the dependence now is more on domain knowledge, technology and higher-level intelligence, not the number of people. If you look at last year, WNS’s revenue grew 9.5 per cent, while the headcount grew only five per cent.
So will voice offering be a thing of the past?
Today, about 25 per cent of our solutions have a voice component, but these aren’t the traditional call-centre operations anymore. The quality of the conversation, too, is completely changing. In the past, it was more like a contact centre — we were focused on the lower end of services.
The adoption of the SMAC (social, mobile, and analytics) suite of technologies seems to be gaining ground. How is WNS looking at this?
 
We have already created solutions involving technology platforms, horizontal services such as analytics and social media, which we believe will be compelling in the long term. The whole area of analytics offers tremendous potential for the sector, and that is something we are driving. This is because we are seeing a lot of decision-making from the chief-marketing-officer side, primarily due to changes in the buyer side. But remember, even today, traditional services that are capable of allowing customers to reduce costs, helping them become much more efficient and taking them into new areas, still account for the bulk of operations.
Traditionally, India isn’t a focus area for BPM players and the work done in the domestic market is primarily for companies in segments such as telecom and retail. With the government focusing on e-governance, do you think this segment could become a focus area?
I think what the government wants to do is make the quality of life much better for citizens, and that is a very noble aspiration. It will create so many allied businesses around it and trigger a big opportunity for players like us. In period, I see a model wherein BPM players will go to the government and say ‘in certain areas, we will create solutions and charge you for every transaction; we will make all the investment’. That is a potential model we will want to look at, once the government unveils its plans.

Di Bella Coffee brews second stint in IndiaDi Bella Coffee brews second stint in India
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 08:38 PM IST
A year after snapping ties with local partner Sachin Sabharwal, Di Bella Coffee, one of Australia’s leading cafe chains, has begun its second innings in India. Phillip Di Bella, founder of Di Bella Coffee, told Business Standard the company’s parent, Espresso Enterprises, had acquired five per cent stake in a company called AL Global Group, which was licensed to set up stores in India, West Asia, the UK, the EU and Africa. “This company has seven stores, four in Mumbai and three in Hyderabad, which were transferred from the erstwhile joint venture between Sachin Sabharwal and me,” Di Bella said. “We are launching a new store in Mumbai and re-launching two existing stores in the city. By the end of this year, we will add another seven stores, mostly in Mumbai.”
Last year, Di Bella had terminated the licence agreement with joint venture company Di Bella India, claiming Sabharwal had violated the deal by selling his stake (amounting to 70 per cent) to third-party members without notifying him or the parent company. Subsequently, the matter was settled out of court. The 39-year-old Di Bella, ranked among Australia’s youngest millionaires, didn’t indicate who his Indian partner was this time. He said he planned to set up 100-150 stores through the next three years, adding he aimed to expand into Delhi and Hyderabad, too.
“By the end of this year, our headquarters-cum-training-centre will be set up in Mumbai. We are also contemplating a roasting facility in the city by next year.”
To set up new stores and a corporate office this year, AL Global will initially invest Rs 24-25 crore. Further investment would depend on the need for capital, Di Bella said, declining to indicate when the company was likely to break-even.
The Queensland-headquartered Di Bella Coffee already has operations in New Zealand and China and is set to launch stores in Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines in the next few months.
India, Di Bella says, is a key market for his company, as there is a large population aged 20-40 here; this group, he says, frequents cafes and is willing to spend time and money at such locations. “What they want is a good coffee experience at a reasonable price. That is what we will strive to do here.”
Positioned as a premium brand, Di Bella will charge Rs 119 for a large cup of cappuccino and Rs 99 for a medium cup. The prices of rival Starbucks are similar.
“We are not in a race to set up a huge number of stores. Our game plan is to ensure our outlets are profitable, based on the location and ambience we provide,” Di Bella says.
Besides standalone stores, he is targeting outlets at large corporate campuses and foyers of buildings and educational institutes. The move is aimed at reducing real estate costs and ensuring a captive audience.
In recent months, companies such as Barista and Costa Coffee have seen some stress sue to high rentals and other costs.
While Barista recently saw a change in ownership, the UK-based Costa Coffee, whose franchise operations are managed by Devyani International in India, is said to be scouting for new partners.

Xi s India visit: How moves & countermoves dominate Sino-Indian relations(China's diplomacy is based…)
By: Sreeram Chaulia
Chinese president Xi Jinping's high-profile visit to India from September 17 to 19 was a diplomatic tour de force by raising tantalizing possibilities of the two most populous nations on Earth bonding to change Asia and the world.
Xi and his host, prime minister Narendra Modi, promised the moon and the stars of showering developmental dividends for their vast citizenry and transforming the international order through peaceful coexistence. At least in atmospherics and rhetoric, China and India reached a high-water mark via informal interactions between two powerful leaders who took walks along a river and chatted under the moonlight in luxury tents.
Yet, the public display of bonhomie belied a complex and fraught relationship that China and India share. Xi's comment that "our bilateral ties are today at a new starting point", and Modi's heralding of a "millennium of exceptional synergy", papered over disturbing patterns that fuel mutual suspicion and competition.
Moves and Countermoves
As the two leaders witnessed signing of a plethora of memoranda of understanding (MoUs), Chinese and Indian troops and civilians were engaged in tense stand-offs along the disputed Himalayan border. On the streets of Delhi, Tibetan refugees who fled Chinese human rights abuses and found a safe haven in India were demanding that Xi keep his "hands off " their homeland.
Apprehensions over China's intentions as an upper riparian state that constructs mega dams and controls the flows of the Yarlung Tsangpo river (known in India as the Brahmaputra), and Chinese expansionism in Asia, Africa and beyond were writ large in the scrutiny of Xi's sweet talk about civilizational brotherhood and absence of hegemonic ambitions.
Xi's giveaway phrase that particularly reminded Indians about the strategic challenge China poses was "South Asia". In a lecture to opinion and policymakers in New Delhi, he envisioned "three billion people" of China and South Asia (not India alone) breaking natural barriers through "boat and road" (references to China's revival of historic maritime and land Silk Routes for trade and commerce) and "becoming a new pole of economic growth in the world".
He added that China aims to increase trade with South Asia to $150 billion and raise its investment volume in South Asia to $30 billion over the next five years. The inference was that India must not grudge China's deeper penetration of the former's neighbouring countries.
Pakistan is not the only South Asian ace that Beijing holds. Prior to landing in India, Xi strutted like a colossus in Sri Lanka and the Maldives, announcing landmark infrastructure-building projects there, piquing India's insecurity of being hemmed in by what the US Department of Defense labelled as the "string of pearls" strategy.
From the Chinese perspective, Modi's full-on courting of Japan and the intensification of India's energy partnership with Vietnam are reverse containment manoeuvres that generate anxiety about New Delhi playing ball with Washington to check Beijing's ascent. Modi's initiative to launch a 'Project Mausam' that places India as the fulcrum of reincarnated medieval maritime trade routes in the Indian Ocean is a potential alternative to the Silk Routes which China wishes to steer. Such moves and counter-moves form the geostrategic backdrop to the way the two Asian giants eye each other.
  Economic Equals?
Even in the sphere of economic cooperation, where the 'Modi effect' on China was evident when he was seen wooing Xi's business delegation with consummate ease in Ahmedabad, the concrete takeaway from the summit was underwhelming. China's Consul General in Mumbai sent expectations soaring with a magic figure of $100 billion of FDI in India over the next half decade and suggesting it was "thrice the investments committed by Japan." Finally though, Xi was stingier and committed merely $20 billion of FDI, with corollary implications that the gaping bilateral trade deficit has no easy counterbalancing solution.
FDI-starved India will, of course, gratefully accept any amount of Chinese capital, but the sharply truncated numbers remind us that China is wary of spurring India's growth to a point where the power gap between the two neighbours narrows down. Having inched closer to the US in power through sustained vacuuming of American private capital in the form of inward FDI, China would not sincerely facilitate India's manufacturing growth to the point that the latter becomes its economic equal.
During his public address in New Delhi, Xi recounted Confucius' saying that a wise person "wishing to be established himself, seeks also to establish others; wishing to be enlarged himself, he seeks also to enlarge others." But China's contemporary diplomacy is based on nationalistic zerosum-game logic, wherein it is all set to overtake the US while preventing rivals in Asia from rising up to its level.
Whatever concrete cooperation Xi and Modi will oversee in the coming years will be limited by this underlying 'self-help' and 'deny-others' behaviour. Xi's clarion call for India and China to be "global partners for strategic coordination" has sound bite value, but it obfuscates the more realistic scenario that the two countries may just about manage their problems without fully overcoming them.
(The writer is a professor and dean at the Jindal School of International Affairs)
FEATURED ARTICLES

By-poll results reaffirm that BJP has to rely on PM Modi s charisma in futureYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
By-poll results reaffirm that BJP has to rely on PM Narendra Modi's charisma in future
ET Bureau Sep 21, 2014, 07.06AM IST
(Those who know Modi can vouch…)
BV Rao & Ajay Singh
In the age of sound bites and tweets, politics has often been summed up in smart sentences to make it easy to understand. Shorn of rigorous analysis, the tendency to oversimplify politics in media often leads to wrong conclusions.
Look at the manner in which analysts have been attributing the BJP's poor show in the assembly by-elections, especially in Uttar Pradesh, to its overdose of communal polarization. Isn't this a contradiction in terms after the NDA's victory in 73 of Uttar Pradesh's 80 Lok Sabha seats was attributed to the BJP's ability to create communal divide? It is a mystery that in three months what was strength for the BJP has been turned into its Achilles' heel.
Similarly, in Rajasthan where the BJP was badly mauled merely 100-odd days after it won nearly three-fourth seats in the assembly, the results are seen as a sign of Modi's honeymoon period getting over. Is that so? Then why does the Modi-led NDA still show greater popularity in opinion polls? In rushing to jump to hasty conclusions, it is ignored that people of the state did vote overwhelmingly for BJP when Modi was the face of the campaign — and they did not back BJP when he did not campaign.
Of course, there is little doubt that the BJP has serious reason to worry about the outcome of the by-elections. But it would be naive to ascribe the defeat to the loss of Modi magic. Far from it, the by-elections have once again reaffirmed the fact that the BJP has nothing but Modi's charisma to bank upon in future. And this is certainly not a healthy sign for a party which has acquired the principal role in Indian politics.
The Worry Lines
The result has exposed fault lines within the party's organizational structure which were papered over by Modi's powerful popular appeal during the Lok Sabha election campaign. In fact, Modi had captured people's imagination not only as an able administrator and decisive leader but also as an unconventional politician devoted totally to development and welfare of the country. In the post-Atal/Advani era of the BJP, he came across as a thinking politician capable of inventing new idioms cleverly camouflaged in development rhetoric with a concealed tinge of religiosity. In popular perception, he offered a hope to an India beset by political paralysis and timid leadership.
Contrast this image of Modi with the state leaders of UP, Rajasthan, Bihar and Gujarat. The leadership there is not only unimaginative and uninspiring but also faction-ridden. In Uttar Pradesh for instance, the idea to bring Yogi Adityanath to the forefront of the BJP's campaign was guided by the sole consideration of marginalizing Rajnath Singh. And the yogi who heads the prestigious Gorakhnath Peeth genuinely believes that incendiary speeches that stoke communal troubles are the best substitute for innovative politics.
By all indications, the BJP's state unit refused to grow beyond mandir-masjid politics of the 1990s though Modi's campaign in the Lok Sabha elections transcended well beyond this theme and touched a chord with the new generation. In the country's most populous state which is run by an ineffectual government headed by Akhilesh Yadav, the BJP offered no alternative but chaos. The result was obvious.
Those who voted for Modi to bring in a "change" refused to go along with the status quoist appeal. In Gujarat, it was the first test for Modi's successor, Anandiben Patel. His largerthan-life persona carried the day for BJP for 12 years and the moment he was out of scene, a thoroughly trounced Congress made a comeback. In other words, as Modi grew in strength over the years, the state party organization came to depend more and more on him, weakening itself in the process.
As a political party, the BJP needs to reflect on the collective failure of its leadership to be imaginative and innovative. In this context, Modi acquires the status of a leader who alone symbolizes the party. Bereft of him, the party would be a rudderless ship, drifting aimlessly in the turbulent Indian politics.
  Look at Bihar!
But this worry is quite small compared to a greater cause of concern that emanates from these by-elections, particularly from Bihar. This relates to consolidation of the index of opposition unity (IOU) against the BJP across the country, wherever two or more parties are fighting it. There is no doubt that the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh would have fared badly had Mayawati and the Congress also joined the fray and divided anti-BJP votes.
Similarly, in Bihar despite the incongruity of the Nitish Kumar, Lalu Prasad and the Congress alliance, the BJP was evidently numerically disadvantaged and substantially lost ground. Once again, the unity of social bases of the anti-BJP parties would hold an ominous portent for the Hindutva forces. If one looks at the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP has focussed its strategy to consolidate on Modi's appeal and keep its adversaries in divided camps.

TiEcon Delhi 2014 aims to attract happening ...(For those tracking entrepreneurial…)
By Jyoti Pande Lavakare
For those tracking entrepreneurial activity for years, the most natural places to network and get a pulse of the industry are the TiEcons — possibly the largest professional conferences for entrepreneurs in the world, organized as region-specific and sector-specific events, crowned by one annual general event in the larger cities.
However, over the years, the conferences organised by The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), a not-for-profit global network of entrepreneurs and professionals, had become a little boring — the same speakers, the same topics, the same poster boys, and mostly even the same locations. And really, how many times can one listen to yet another talk on funding, mentoring, pitching, revenue models and term sheets?
So when the emails for TiEcon Delhi 2014, an annual event scheduled this year for October 17-18 began popping into my inbox beginning last week, I glanced over them cursorily, expecting to see the same old names and similar-themed sessions. But to my pleasant surprise, not only were the speakers different — new, lesser-known names — but the themes were young and fresh. "The sessions are value-driven, not name-driven this time," said Upasana Sharma, director, TiE Delhi-NCR. Called "Abki Baar Disruption", the TiEcon Delhi is tagging some of the most happening entrepreneurial themes and startups.
Just one of the latter is an app called Handshake that entrepreneur Subinder Khurana will launch at TiEcon 2014, which promises to revolutionize the concept of networking.
App-solutely Brilliant
Once delegates register, they will get to download the free app that acts as a virtual handshake and will alert you to the immediate presence of people you're most likely to want to meet. This novel way of networking — using technology to advantage — will allow delegates to discover contacts present in their vicinity, within a radius of 100 metres, making networking more efficient and effective.
In addition to facilitating discovery, the app also provides a context to both parties. Says Khurana, who has a team of developers and business analysts working on implementing this: "Networking is the major reason for most people to attend events. The problem we are solving is: discover who is around, and get more context before you meet them." In addition, Handshake will seamlessly transfer business cards, without stripping them of their brand information. The app is almost ready and in the final stage of development and testing. It will be launched at the conference in a win-win formula where Khurana gets to test the beta version among an ideal audience and the entrepreneurs get to network in the most efficient manner possible.
"The app does not rely on GPS — though we will use GPS if available [global positioning system is a satellite-based navigation system]. Rather, it uses a proprietary discovery mechanism to find contacts currently present in the same building," says Khurana. It basically mines social networking sites like Linked-In, Facebook, Google Plus, aggregating data and adding location filters using a proprietary technique.
Once he is able to gauge the app's success, Khurana will spin off a new company under the same umbrella parent whose revenue model will be based on the app's in-app purchases. "Handshake will always be free to individual users. We will launch a premium (paid) version of it, with enhanced functionality later," Khurana says. Of course, the premium version will have higher functionality, such as enhanced branding support, analytics and reporting, and a corporate version, but then one has to pay for that. The possibilities of such an app are immense. Imagine you're at an airport, mandatorily ahead of time. The unproductive time between check in and take-off can now be productively utilized, if your app alerts you that the bored-looking gent sitting next to you waiting for his flight runs a venture capital fund or has the exact skills your company needs. And you don't need to approach him cold. The app will provide you with all the context publicly available on him before you even turn around and introduce yourself. If that isn't agile and innovative, (and a little spooky), then I don't know what is!
  Setting the Stage
Meantime, the event itself will resort to innovative plans — like that of a young founder getting a chance to be mentored on the move, literally. "Mentoring in Motion" gives young delegates the opportunity to pick up a charter member (i.e. a founding member) and accompany him to the TiEcon in a pre-booked cab, giving them the chance to make pitches and discuss ideas en route. By using unproductive commute time to the conference venue, this is mutually beneficial for both mentors and mentee.

Trespasser arrested in second White House incident: officialTrespasser arrested in second White House incident: official
GST implementation from April 2016GST implementation from April 2016
Vinod Kumar Binny booked for making false allegations against AAP leaderSep 21, 2014 at 08:32am IST
Vinod Kumar Binny booked for making false allegations against AAP leader
15
1
New Delhi: Delhi legislator Vinod Kumar Binny was on Saturday booked for allegedly levelling false charges at Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Alka Lamba. In her complaint, Lamba has alleged that Binny, the Lakshmi Nagar MLA, had falsely alleged on social media that she was running a sex racket at her house.
"Binny posted a comment on his social networking account that in a police raid at my house, two girls were arrested for sex trade," the AAP leader alleged. Lamba, who joined AAP in December last year, said that Binny was trying to defame her by making false allegations.
Based on her allegations, Cyber Cell has registered an FIR against Binny under Section 66A (sending offensive messages through communication service) of IT ACT and Sections 354D (stalking) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of IPC.
Binny had falsely alleged on social media that AAP leader Alka Lamba was running a sex racket at her house.
#aap #vinod kumar binny #alka lamba #delhi
In the FIR, 37 other persons have also been booked for the same offence. "I will fight for justice till my last breath. Binny and 37 persons, who belong to a particular party, were continuously making derogatory remarks against me (on social media)," Lamba said.
She last night lodged a written complaint against Binny and the others at Kotla Mubarkpur police station. "We are investigating the allegations and will soon interrogate Binny," said a senior police officer.
Binny, however, refuted the allegations and said somebody had created a fake account in his name with an intention to malign him. "Two months back, I reported the matter to the police commissioner, Crime Branch and local police. I have nothing to do with the case. I am being framed by Lamba," Binny said.
Binny was expelled in January this year by AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal for engaging in anti-party activity.
16

Maharashtra polls: NCP issues ultimatum to Congress over seat sharing issue26
0
Mumbai: The deadlock continues over the seat sharing between Congress and National Congress Party for Maharashtra Assembly elections as both parties have refused to blink over the issue. The NCP has issued an ultimatum to the Congress asking it to decide on the seats in 24 hours.
Both Congress and NCP have threatened to fight the elections alone. The Congress also said that they wanted NCP to respond to their offer in two days time.
The NCP has pitched for contesting 144 out of the 288 seats, but the Congress had offered its ally 124 seats. Senior NCP leader Praful Patel had rejected the offer saying that they had contested atleast 124 seats in the 2009 Assembly polls.
#maharashtra polls #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #ncp
The NCP has also stated that since the party won more seats than the Congress in the recent Lok Sabha polls, the old formula of 124 seats was not acceptable to them.
Patel said, "The NCP will wait for only one more day for Congress's decision on seat sharing. All options are open to us if the Congress does not respond."
The last date for filing nomination is September 27.PAGE_BREAK
10

Breaking a record: Alibaba raises $25 billion through IPOBreaking a record: Alibaba raises $25 billion through IPO
Bangladesh invites Indian companies to set up SEZBangladesh invites Indian companies to set up SEZ
J&K floods: UPSC shifts NDA  NA exam centre from Srinagar to Jammu19
0
New Delhi: All candidates who had opted for Srinagar centre to appear in the National Defence Academy (NDA) and Naval Academy (NA) examination will now have to take the test from Jammu, Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has said.
The NDA and NA Examination (II) is scheduled to be held on September 28.
"The candidates of NDA and NA Examination(II), 2014 who have opted for Srinagar as their examination centre are informed that the Government of Jammu and Kashmir has intimated that almost all the educational institutions in the city are submerged or marooned," UPSC said.
The NDA and NA Examination (II) is scheduled to be held on September 28.
#nda exam #na exam #army #navy
Based on the considered advice of the state government, the Commission has decided to cancel the Srinagar Centre and accommodate all the candidates at Jammu centre, it said.
Heavy rains has led to floods in Jammu and Kashmir which has so far claimed lives of at least 277 people and rendered thousands homeless.
The candidates who were allotted Government SP Higher Secondary School, Maulana Azad Road, Srinagar, are advised to reach Government MAM College, University Road, Jammu to appear in the NDA and NA (II) examination, it said.
The candidates, who have not been able to download their e-admit cards due to disruption in Internet facilities in Srinagar, may collect it from the venue supervisor preferably on September 27 from 10 AM to 5 PM or on September 28 during 8 AM to 9 AM to get entry into examination premises.
The candidates may also take note of the fact that the examination is scheduled from 10 AM to 12.30 PM (Paper I mathematics) and from 2 PM to 4.30 PM (Paper II General Ability Test) on September 28, UPSC said.
The NDA and NA exam is conducted to select officers for Army and Navy.
3

Former Nepal king Gyanendra suffers heart attackUpdated: September 21, 2014 10:50 IST
Former Nepal king Gyanendra suffers heart attack
DPA
Reuters Former Nepal king Gyanendra Shah
TOPICS
Nepal
Nepal’s former king has survived a heart attack, local media reported on Sunday.
Gyanendra Shah was being treated in a Kathmandu hospital, where he underwent angiography and angioplasty during the night, Image Channel Television said.
The former king was said to be in stable condition. The hospital has not commented.
King Shah became the kind of Nepal in 2001 after his brother, King Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev and his family were killed in a massacre at the Royal Palace.
He stepped down in 2008, when a popular revolt forced him to abdicate, and the monarchy was abolished.

Army report says Kashmir youth joining hands with militantsArmy report says Kashmir youth joining hands with militants
Asian Games: Jitu Rai leads India to team bronzeAsian Games: Jitu Rai leads India to team bronze
Xi s India visit: Moves & countermoves in relationsXi s India visit: Moves & countermoves in relations
Top 3 picks: NBCC  Capital First  Banco ProductsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s largest investor LIC takes bullish view of Narendra Modi s IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The  Stictly  Curse Strikes Again'Strictly Come Dancing' Curse Strikes As Ben Cohen Splits from Wife Of Eleven Years
The Huffington Post UK  | By Matt Bagwell
reddit
The ' Strictly ' curse has struck again after former rugby star Ben Cohen announced he has split from his wife.
Ben, who was paired with Kristina Rihanoff on last year's 'Strictly Come Dancing', is the latest celeb to split from their other half after appearing on the BBC dance show.
Ben Cohen has split from his wife Abby
'Good Morning Britain' host Susanna Reid and 'Countdown' star Rachel Riley , who both also appeared on last year's show, split from their long term partners shortly after taking to the 'Strictly' dancefloor.
A spokesman for Ben and his wife Abby said: “Ben and Abby Cohen have agreed to take time apart to deal with some marital issues but remain fully committed to the welfare of their children.
"There is no third party involved, and Ben and Abby now ask that their privacy and that of their family be respected at this difficult time.”
Ben and his 'Strictly' dance partner Kristina Rihanoff have remained close
Ben and Abby met in 1995 and got married in 2003. They have two daughters Harriette and Isabelle.
Earlier this week, Abby denied rumours her marriage was in trouble, telling The Sun: “Of course it’s rubbish. Of course it’s wrong. I’ve been with him since I was 16.”
Ben, 36, has remained close to Kristina since they danced together on 'Strictly'.
He was spotted out and about with the professional dancer earlier this year and the pair have carried on working together on Ben’s anti-bullying charity, The Ben Cohen StandUp Foundation.
Last year, Kristina revealed she had invited Ben's wife to watch them dance as she didn't want her to feel 'threatened'.
“I invited her along to rehearsal," Kristina explained. "I told her ‘You’re more than welcome to come at any time, with the kids.’
“I don’t want her to feel threatened by me, I want to make sure she is there for the both of us.”
Ben also revealed that Abby struggled to watch him dancing with another woman at times.
“Partners have to be very understanding," he said. "I had a moment in training when Abby walked in.
“I was doing [gyrating] to the back end of Kristina. It was a bit awkward and my wife said: ‘I think I’ll come back in a minute’.
“It can be a bit challenging sometimes but she is a good girl and understands the spirit of the show.”
Close
Ben Cohen's StandUp Foundation Line
of

RBI asks banks to stay vigilant against smurfing  money mulingRBI asks banks to stay vigilant against smurfing, money muling
BS Reporter | Kolkata Sep 20, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s Executive Director P Vijaya Bhaskar on Friday asked banks to stay vigilant against smurfing and money muling.
Smurfing is a practice by which cash is broken into smaller deposits of money to defeat suspicion of money laundering and avoid anti-money laundering reporting requirements. Money muling, on the other hand, occurs when money launderers use someone else's bank account to deposit and transfer money.
Bhaskar was speaking at a conference organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry(CII) in Kolkata.
He added that lenders should have a single information-sharing system that will allow them to scrutinise customers' information and prevent money launderers from opening multiple accounts with different banks using different identity documents.
He declined to offer any comments on monetary policy actions. “There was one point in the introduction, which said I should also speak about monetary policy. That is the last thing I will do because September 30 is the day (when RBI will announce its next bi-monthly monetary policy)...So on that I will keep a meaningful silence,” he said.

15 Utterly Stunning Tattoo Ideas From Artists On InstagramIntroducing The 15 Most Incredibly Talented Tattoo Artists On Instagram
The Huffington Post UK
reddit
If you're thinking of getting a tattoo (or just like musing over pictures of incredible body art), one of the best places to go for inspiration is Instagram.
But with so many #Tattoo pictures out there, navigating your way past the "Magaluf2014" drunken snaps to the seriously impressive accounts can be pretty tricky.
And so, to make life a little easier, we bring you 15 of our favourite tattoo-themed Instagram accounts.
Enjoy....
1. Kim Saigh
Where: Memoir Tattoo, Los Angeles, California
Why: From peacocks to cobras to human skulls, Saigh depicts wildly ornate imagery reveal you can be fancy and strong at once.
2. Chaim Machlev
Where: Berlin, Germany
Why: Machlev's tripped out geometric designs weave dots and lines together in ways you never dreamed possible.
3. Sasha Unisex
Where: St. Petersburg, Russia
Why: Sasha's color-blocked depictions of the animal kingdom are sleek, playful and adorable all at once.
4. Amanda Wachob
Why: Wachob's marbled, watercolor-esque designs show just how much the tattoo medium verges on art.
5. Roxx
Where: 2 Spirit Tattoo, San Francisco, California
Why: Roxx's black-and-white, architecturally-inspired designs resemble optical illusions written on the flesh.
6. Dr. Woo
Where: Shamrock Social Club, Los Angeles, California
Why: Dr. Woo is the kind of delicate lines, sharp angles and ink that seems to float right above the flesh.
7. SupaKitch
Where: Brooklyn, New York
Why: "Listen to my picture," SupaKitch's Instagram profile reads, and indeed his flowing imagery has a rhythm all its own.
8. Dan Smith
Where: Captured Tattoo, Old Town Tustin, California
Why: He's the man for modern takes on tattoo classics, with what we suspect is a soft spot for felines.
9. Thomas Hooper
Where: Rock of Ages Tattoo, Austin, Texas
Why: Stare too long at one of Hooper's geometric designs and you may find yourself hypnotized.
10. Eva Huber
Where: Long Street Collective, Columbus, Ohio
Why: Huber's sharp imagery combines folksy Americana with a mystical edge.
11. Bang Bang
Where: New York City, New York
Why: The go-to guy for Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Cara Delevingne, he's the tattoo artist to the stars for a reason.
12. Mike Rubendall
Where: King's Avenue, New York
Why: Rubendall is known for his insanely detailed remixes of traditional Japanese imagery.
13. Pietro Sedda
Where: The Saint Mariner, Milan, Italy
Why: Sedda's surrealist faces are the perfect combination of modernism and mathematics.
14. Kenji Alucky
Where: Sapporo, Japan
Why: Alucky's mesmerizing monochrome geometry seems to operate on its own logic, each minute detail gloriously fitting into place.
15. Emily Rose Murray

Short-But-Sweet Video Of The Day: How Sheep Cross Cattle GridsRevealed: How A Sheep Crosses A Cattle Grid
The Huffington Post UK
reddit
And your short-but-sweet video of the day is... this one!
Yes, if you've ever wondered how sheep manage to cross cattle grids - and who hasn't? - then wonder no more.
Turns out, sheep have their own kind of logic. But hey - whatever works, nature!
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
Facebook
The Huffington Post UK is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2014 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HuffPost Comedy
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Why Britain Is Facing  One Of The Most Worrying Periods Of Right-Wing ExtremismISIS And Rotherham Fuelling 'One Of The Most Worrying Periods Of Right-Wing Extremism'
Posted:
Updated:
18/09/2014 15:59 BST
English Defence League (EDL) leader Tommy Robinson, during a press conference at the Montague Hotel, central London, as he announces that he is to stand down from the EDL under the guidance of the Quilliam Foundation. |
reddit
The threat from far-right extremism is growing in the UK, a senior Home Office adviser warned today, with Islamophobia escalating in the wake of Islamic State terrorism and crimes involving Muslims in Britain.
The recent findings of an inquiry into child sex abuse in Rotherham and the crisis in Iraq and Syria are fuelling increased hate crime towards Muslims, the government adviser on right-wing extremism said.
"This is one of the most worrying periods in right-wing extremism, given the growth in right-wing groups and the recent news events which are making them more angry," the anonymous expert claimed.
The adviser, who works with the the Home Office's Prevent strategy, warned that the government is wrongly putting an emphasis on the "global jihadist agenda," while possibly ignoring the growth of the far-right at home.
— CinOvation (@CinOvation) September 13, 2014
Britain First, known for its mosque invasions and money-making merchandise, is the most active far-right group to emerge from the collapse of the BNP and EDL over the past year.
The founder of the group stood down last month, saying the group's provocative mosque invasions are "a bit rude" and attracting "racists and extremists" to the party.
Jim Dowson formed the Christian pseudo-militia after leaving the BNP, but has distanced himself from their habit of storming into mosques to provoke and goad imams, saying these were "counter-productive".
Former English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson told The Huffington Post UK he "wasn't surprised at all" by the details of the child abuse report - or the far-right reaction to it - saying "we were trying to tell you all along."
He sensationally quit the EDL last year saying he could no longer control the extremist elements within the organisation . The 31-year-old said the Rotherham scandal was not just corporate dysfunction at a wider level but "political correctness gone mad".
Robinson, who was recently released from prison for mortgage fraud, said that "when I was sat in jail, everything we were ridiculed over, everything we were told was promoting hate and creating division, all of it is now public knowledge."
During the various demonstrations at Rotherham, spats reportedly broke out between the EDL, National Front and Britain First, with insults of "Nazis" being hurled around by the various groups.
Rotherham high street is closed due to EDL protests. Metal barriers everywhere. pic.twitter.com/EYSW1GjFsY
— Heidi Tomlinson (@HeidiLTomlinson) September 13, 2014
Scenes from EDL rally in Rotherham pic.twitter.com/Tn11GAEMt0
— Claire Lewis (@newsgirl25) September 13, 2014
Robinson, whose real name is Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, said the report should start a "political earthquake" in the UK, and - referring to the recent actions of Boko Haram and Islamic State - said a public enquiry should be carried out to examine links between Islamic ideology and sexual abuse.
But speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, the government adviser warned about the prospect of a violent attack being carried out by the far-right in Britain after talking to extremists.
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I have been working with people from the far-right for about 27 years now, I can see increases in some of these groups and membership in some of these groups based on things that are happening nationally here and internationally.
"A lot of the emphasis is put on the global jihadist agenda, which is fine, and it needs to be, but I really feel that this agenda, the repercussions of some of that in terms of the far-right can't be ignored.
"I wouldn't want to get to the point where something happens and we look back and think actually we should have addressed that as well."
EDL Supporters in Rotherham demanding the Burka is banned pic.twitter.com/7dzhmSh013
— Lord Skip VC (@LordSkipVC) September 13, 2014
The expert said he had met someone who wanted to put everyone who was not white British into Nazi-style death camps.
He told the programme: "I had one person who said he would like to implement death camps here in the UK and when I asked who he would like to put in the death camps, he just listed everyone that he didn't see as white British.
"So that was every Asian person, every black person."
Labour former communities secretary Hazel Blears said the Government needs to better support the Muslim majority who condemn Islamist extremism.
She called on ministers to beef up the anti-extremism Prevent programme and bring different communities together.
Efforts should be made to work with more young Muslims and encourage people from the community to become school governors and magistrates, she added.
Ms Blears said: "I honestly do not think that the Government is doing enough in the whole Prevent programme to bring people together and to support the Muslim majority who are absolutely horrified at what's been happening."
More:

Kiribati Leader Visits Arctic on Climate MissionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Chandrababu Naidu to meet Chhattisgarh CM to resolve inter-State concernsChandrababu Naidu to meet Chhattisgarh CM to resolve inter-State concerns
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 20:  
The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu will visit Chhattisgarh on Monday to meet with his counterpart to resolve inter-State concerns of Polavaram multi-purpose project.
The main concerns are with regard to submergence due to the project construction and rehabilitation of people displaced.
After meeting his counterpart Raman Singh he will take a tour of Naya Raipur, the new capital area developed after Chhattisgarh State was created.
With AP deciding to develop new capital around Vijayawada it is looking at some of the models adopted in developing new infrastructure.
Earlier a State delegation visited Naya Raipur to see the new infrastructure developed and its Development Authority.
The AP Chief Minister will meet his Chhattisgarh counterpart to discuss and solve the inter-State submergence issues.
He will also discuss about the rehabilitation and compensation for tribals.
The Naidu Government hopes to complete this national irrigation project within three years which seeks to link the Krishna and Godavari rivers.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

TN should set up wind energy forecasting mechanismTN should set up wind energy forecasting mechanism
PTI
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 20:  
Tamil Nadu should set up a state-level wind energy forecasting mechanism and wind energy integration facility to avoid ‘evacuation loss’ of power produced in wind mills, a top official of Indian Wind Power Association said today.
The evacuation loss has been a major hurdle in meeting the gap between power requirement and availability. This loss in 2012 was 11.37 billion units and three billion in 2013, K Kasthurirangan, chairman of Indian Wind Power Association (IWPA), said addressing the Coimbatore Energy Summit, organised by FICCI here.
In April—September this year, the evacuation loss was 1.6 billion units, he said.
Such huge loss could have been avoided if WEIF was implemented in the power transmission mechanism, he said.
Kasturirangan said that in the last six months alone, the Tamil Nadu State Electricity Board has incurred a loss of Rs 2,000 crore due to evacuation issues, of which loss from wind energy was Rs 1,000 crore.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Did not wish Modi on B day due to Xis visit: RajapaksaDid not wish Modi on B’ day due to Xi’s visit: Rajapaksa
PTI
Tweet
Colombo, Sept 20:  
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa today told two visiting BJP leaders that he deliberately refrained from wishing Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his birthday because he did not want to disturb the Premier with Chinese President Xi Jinping visiting Gujarat.
The BJP national secretary P Muralidhar Rao and the party’s global convenor of overseas affairs Vijay Jolly held a 45-minute meeting with Rajapaksa at the Presidential Palace here.
Rajapaksa politely told the visiting BJP leaders that he deliberately did not wish Prime Minister Modi on his birthday on September 17 because he did not want to disturb him during Xi’s visit, a BJP statement said.
It said that the Sri Lankan President, however, said he shall wish belated happy birthday to the Indian Prime Minister at the United Nations soon.
The statement said the role and stance of Prime Minister Modi on the concept of “Sabka Sath-Sabka Vikas” was repeatedly stressed by the BJP leaders in their friendly advice to the Sri Lankan government on the vexed Tamil question.
The two leaders discussed a wide range of issues, particularly relating to ethnic Tamils of Sri Lanka in the meeting with Rajapaksa.
They are in Colombo, participating in the Asian Political Parties conference attended by 41 Nations and 360 Political Parties of Asia.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Tata Technologies: Acquisitions key for $1-bn revenue targetTata Technologies: Acquisitions key for $1-bn revenue target
Shivani Shinde Nadhe | Pune Sep 20, 2014 09:40 PM IST
Warren Harris, who took over the reins of Tata Technologies earlier this month after Patrick McGoldrick stepped down, believes the one big challenge for him will be to maintain growth momentum to reach its target of $1 billion annual revenue by 2017.
Though acquisitions will be a crucial part of this aim, organic growth is important. The company foresees doing two to three acquisitions over the next two to three years. It is comfortable with taking over firms with revenue with annual revenue of $30-60 million.
“I have been part of Tata Technologies and working along with Patrick. In terms of priorities, I think it will be a challenge in maintaining the business plan to reach our target of $1 billion. Organically, we have been doing a great job on the growth front but we will also have inorganic play. It is an important part of our plan,” said Harris.
Three years earlier, the company had chalked out an ambitious plan to be a $1-billion revenue company. In 2013-14, this grew 17 per cent to touch Rs 2,395 crore ($400 million). Cash balances were Rs 968 crore.
“We are comfortable to do an acquisition of the size of Cambric last year. Our focus will be to acquire for capabilities or to get access to marquee customers,” said Harris. The company acquired Cambric in 2013, getting a foothold in Eastern Europe (the latter has an engineering centre in Romania) and access to domain expertise and presence in the industrial equipment sector. Asked if Tata Technologies had been able to work with any original equipment maker for its electric mobility vehicle, eMO, which the company showcased at the  North American International Automotive Show in Detriot, he said that was more to showcase their capabilities. “eMO and eMO-C both have received well in the auto sector. We were able to demonstrate a business model in this segment. We also used this as a window to showcase Tata Technologies' capabilities of an end-to-end service provider. Many of the concepts we showcased in eMO have found their way in several of the projects we are working on,” added Harris.
Tata Technologies has a big focus on Asia, Europe and the US. “India is a big focus area for us. It contributes 75 per cent of our Asia-Pacific revenue. India as a market has been a growth story for us. Though the domestic market has been slow, we have seen customers using India as a manufacturing hub for other regions across globe,” he said.
For FY14, the India contribution to revenue was Rs 691 crore. America contributed Rs  735 crore and Europe, largest segment for the company, Rs 951 crore.
When asked how the company intends to leverage the group, especially with Chairman Cyrus Mistry asking group firms to work together, Harris said that the company is already working in the aerospace segment with some of the group firms. “There is already a group initiative. If you take the aerospace sector for instance, and you look at the work done for organisations like Sikorsky and Lockheed with the plans being commissioned in Hyderabad. There’s already been a consolidated approach to those opportunities,” he added.
He also elaborated that the group Chairman has talked about industry clusters and approaching it collectively from the centre. “After which the companies are aligned around and I certainly think you will see more of that in the future," he aded.
Harris also further added that in terms of boundary management, there are something’s that the group can do in the future that will allow group firms to get their collective preposition in a much unified way. “They are very much in thoughts with what the group chairman is trying to do in terms of position and capabilities inside of the group that are complimentary and mitigate some of the overlap that confused some of the outside markets in the past,” he added.

Proud papa Tendulkar tweets about son s centuryArjun Tendulkar smashes 118 in 42 in school game
Proud papa Sachin tweets approvingly about son's blazing innings.
By Vivek Krishnan | Sportskeeda –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014 1:30 PM IST
Tweet
0
Arjun Tendulkar, son of Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar, smashed 118 off just 42 balls for his team Dhirubhai Ambani International School to take them into the semi-finals of the Smaaash Master Blaster School Cricket Championship in the Under-16 boys category earlier this week.
The championship, which follows a knock-out format, had as many as 102 schools in Mumbai partipating, with the finals of the tournament taking place on September 20 (today). The top performers will be handed out awards by the senior Tendulkar at the final ceremony.
Sachin tweeted on his official Twitter account, saying Arjun smashed the ball during his knock:
Arjun did smash the ball during his knock at the Smaash Master Blaster Tournament pic.twitter.com/JJ750LtHPq
— sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) September 20, 2014
Arjun’s latest knock would have, no doubt, increased the spotlight on him, but Sachin would hope that his request last year of allowing his son to enjoy the game without having to face too much pressure will be respected.
“When I started playing cricket, though my father was a professor and in the literary field, at no stage did I have this pressure from anyone to follow my father’s footsteps. At no stage of my life, there were comparisons. My son has just started his career and it’s a humble request to let him live his life like a normal 14-year-old, without thinking about anything else but falling in love with the sport.”, he had said .
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Policy allowed FIPB to clear Maxis deal: Ashok JhaPolicy allowed FIPB to clear Maxis deal: Ashok Jha
Nivedita Mookerji & Sahil Makkar | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 11:40 PM IST
The 2006 approval of the Aircel-Maxis deal by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), which is under the scanner of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), was based on a policy that later changed in January 2010, said an official who was in the finance ministry at that point.
Till 2010, the FIPB could clear investments up to Rs 600 crore, which was later raised to Rs 1,200 crore, beyond which proposals are vetted by the CCEA. But the earlier policy allowed the FIPB to consider investments pegged on the face value of a company share proposed to be acquired, rather than on the actual foreign investment inflow, said the official. Finance ministry officials of the time also argued that there were more than 20 cases involving foreign investment of over Rs 600 crore , apart from the Aircel-Maxis deal, during the pre-2010 period that were approved through the FIPB route without going to the Cabinet. The controversy around the Aircel-Maxis deal is whether FIPB could approve the $800 million (Rs 4,800 crore as per current dollar value) proposal on its own, or should it have gone to the Cabinet Committee On Economic Affairs (CCEA).  
But, FIPB archives show that CCEA approvals were procured in some cases involving lower foreign investment than Aircel-Maxis even for the pre-2010 proposals. Fiat’s additional flow of foreign direct investment (FDI) of Rs 2,000 crore at the end of 2006 was one such example. In what could seem like a surprise, the eight-year-old Aircel-Maxis proposal does not show $800 million FDI, but rather it shows “no FDI inflow”. A 2006 FIPB statement says the total FDI inflow was nil against a proposal of Global Communication Services Holdings Mauritius (representing Malaysian conglomerate Maxis) to invest in Indian telecom service provider Aircel. This came up at an FIPB meeting on October 3, 2006.
Ashok Jha, the Department of Economic Affairs (DEA) secretary who chaired the FIPB meeting during the Aircel-Maxis deal, told Business Standard, “There is no impropriety whatsoever in granting FIPB clearance. Everything was done strictly in accordance with existing rules.”
Former finance minister P Chidambaram had already clarified that investment of such nature did not require any approval of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), Jha said. “This was not a single case, there were many such proposals which were cleared by (just) the FIPB,” he added.
The CBI is investigating how the FIPB under Chidambaram cleared the proposal of Global Communication Services Holding Mauritius to invest $800 million in India through a 74 per cent stake purchase in Indian telecom service provider Aircel. The CBI recently filed a chargesheet naming former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and his industrialist brother Kalanithi Maran in a 2G spectrum allocation case linked to Aircel-Maxis. The CBI told a special court that Maxis had paid a bribe for telecom licences in the garb of investment in a company run by Kalanithi Maran.
The licences were granted during Dayanidhi Maran’s term as telecom minister (2004-2007).
A press statement issued by the FIPB, after the October 3, 2006 meeting, said the Global Communication (Maxis) proposal was meant to “issue specific approval in the name of Aircel Cellular to accord conformity approval to the indirect foreign investment of 73.99 per cent in ACL (Aircel).” No foreign investment inflow was shown against the Maxis-Aircel proposal.
When asked about any violation in the Aircel-Maxis case, an official said, “Assuming the proposal had to go to the CCEA and it did not go, there is no criminality involved.”
However, questions are being raised over procedural irregularity, in case there was any. There is no evidence of any quid pro quo yet in the case dealing with the FIPB approval without going to the Cabinet. “It took eight years to come out in the open,” said an analyst.
Reacting to a portion of the CBI chargesheet in the Aircel-Maxis case, Chidambaram in a statement had said on Friday, “The FIPB is chaired by the Secretary, department of economic affairs. It recommends proposals for the approval of the finance minister and, where required under the rules, the approval of the CCEA.’’
He added that in the Aircel-Maxis case, the FIPB sought the approval of the finance minister in accordance with the rules. “The case was submitted through the additional secretary and secretary, department of economic affairs (DEA). Both of them recommended the case for approval. Approval was granted by me, as finance minister, in the normal course.’’
According to Chidambaram, the files will bear out “the correctness of this position’’. Jha was the DEA secretary and Ashok Chawla, now chairman of the Competition Commission of India (CCI), was the additional secretary at that point.
While Jha said he had not been contacted by the CBI in the last one year on the matter, the agency said it was probing the Aircel-Maxis FIPB case but had not registered a separate preliminary enquiry into it. The aspect of the irregularity in grant of FIPB approval to the Mauritius based company Global Communications and the role of the Indian partner company of Chennai (Aircel) was being further investigated, the CBI had said in a statement soon after filing the chargesheet in the court of Special CBI judge OP Saini. The agency is yet to take a call on whether to question Chidambaram.
As for other proposals with investment of over Rs 600 crore being approved by FIPB, in 2006 itself, there were quite a few. These included proposals for investments in Idea Cellular, ICICI Venture Funds, Essar Infrastructure Holdings, Teletech Investments, and Hilton Hotels. Some of them had an additional layer of “government approval”, based on FIPB recommendation.
In a case related to Rs 2,000 crore FDI by Fiat (Italy) in November 2006, the proposal got the nod of the CCEA, according to an FIPB statement at that time.
FOREIGN INVESTMENT ROUTE
A pre-2010 policy allowed FIPB to consider investments pegged on the face value of a company share proposed to be acquired, rather than on the actual foreign investment inflow
 
The then finance ministry officials argued there were over 20 cases involving foreign investment of over Rs 600 crore, during the pre-2010 period that were approved through the FIPB route
 
The controversy around the Aircel-Maxis deal is whether FIPB could approve the $800 million proposal on its own, or should it have gone to the Cabinet Committee On Economic Affairs
 
Former finance minister P Chidambaram had clarified that investment of such nature did not require any approval of CCEA

E-com: Constitute an informed empowered co...The government should create a legal and financial framework to manage e-commerce rather than let the absence of laws hurt the fast-growing sector
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Arvind Singhal
Prime minister Narendra Modi recently remarked in Japan that India now speaks in trillions rather than in billions. There is at least one $1 trillion matter that he must direct his party and his bureaucrats to apply their minds too (and keep rhetoric and dogma aside while they do so).
India's current consumer spending on merchandise (and hence the size of India's retail market) is about $550 billion. By 2020, it will touch or exceed $1 trillion. There are many drivers for this strong growth that go beyond the overall economic growth of the nation. A young population, convergence in lifestyle aspirations across urban and rural India, rise of dual (or multiple) income households especially in urban India are some of the more wellknown growth drivers. However, there is also a new growth driver and one that could completely transform what India will buy, from where it will buy, and how it will buy. And that new growth driver is e-commerce and for merchandise, it is e-tail.
A Ticking Bomb
What started no more than 10 years ago as a new and more efficient platform to sell books and music has now gone way beyond the traditional merchandise categories that are sold online. There are now housing launches (Tata), new car launches (Mahindra), jewellery including expensive solitaires, and healthcare (DNA testing), to list a few creative experiments. With rapid increase in penetration of smartphones and the new government's renewed thrust on making broadband reach far and wide through its "Digital India" project, e-networks are expected to be the new bank branches, schools and colleges, and shopping and entertainment centres.
In this backdrop, taxation jurisdiction and taxation applicability issues such as the one that is currently vexing both the Karnataka tax authorities and Amazon are poised to flare up in just about every state in India, and create frequent obstacles not only for private businesses such as Amazon and Flipkart and many others but also the government's own initiatives that endeavour a digital platform aided delivery of goods and services. To be fair to the tax authorities both at the state and the Centre, the spectacular rise of e-commerce in India has taken just about everyone by surprise (other than the diehard e-business evangelists/entrepreneurs and the Indian consumer). Unlike the traditional supply chains of distributing goods and services from producers to the consumers, the e-business models and e-biz supply chains can be very different.
The so-called market place model is perhaps no different in concept than the classified advertisement listings in print media and Yellow Pages earlier, and the managed inventory models make some of the e-tail businesses look more like warehousing and delivery businesses rather than classical retail businesses. With this blurring of lines about ownership of merchandise, the location of physical stocking, the place where actual transaction takes place, and the actual point of delivery can rightfully be any tax administration's nightmare; and especially in a federal structure such as the one that we have in India where sharing of tax revenues on each taxable activity between states and the central governments has always been a vexing matter in the best of circumstances.
Page 1 of 2

Secret Service boosts security outside White HouseSecret Service boosts security outside White House
Soon order food of your choice via SMS onboa...You are here: Home > Collections > Food
Soon order food of your choice through SMS onboard train
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 09.46AM IST
Tags:
e-catering service
(Plagued with complaints,…)
NEW DELHI: Soon you can order meals of your taste through SMS while travelling on a train as Railways is launching a mobile phone-based service in a move to offer multiple catering options to passengers.
The SMS-based service, part of the e-catering service , will be launched on September 25 in a few selected trains on on a pilot basis, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
IRCTC , which is coordinating the e-catering service, is finalising a new designated number to be used for SMS service for ordering food on a train.
Plagued with complaints, Railways has stepped up efforts to improve catering services on trains.
"Our aim is to provide multiple choices to passengers. While the existing service of getting food from pantry cars will continue, the SMS-based service is also being offered to passengers," the official said.
According to the plan, a passenger will get response from a dedicated team after sending the SMS mentioning his PNR number.
"The passenger will get call after the due online verification of the PNR status and berth position in the particular train seeking details of food order. Payments will be made after the delivery," he said.
While SMS-based service is being launched, Railways is also finalising a plan to start online order system where a passenger can also book his food online.
Arrangements have been made with some reputed food chains and eating joints for providing food through SMS-based orders on trains, the official said, adding "the online order system will also be launched shortly".
Recently, Railways had started providing ready-to-eat packaged food in certain trains on a trial basis offering variety of choices to passengers.
The ready-to-eat food service got a good response and now we are planning to formulate a policy on it by roping in more players, the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s Make in India campaign to echo around the globePM Modi s Make in India campaign to echo around the globe
G20 to set up global infrastructure hub to boost growthG20 to set up global infrastructure hub to boost growth
G20 plans to help banks apply similar capital rulesG20 plans to help banks apply similar capital rules
US Senate wants Modi visit called US-India Partnership DayUS Senate wants Modi visit called US-India Partnership Day
Maxx MSD 7 Smarty review: It is a MSD Maxximum!Print
Daily tasks like messaging, sending mail and browsing the Internet run smoothly.
Written by Leela Prasad | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:28 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:40 pm
When Mahendra Singh Dhoni finished off the match with a towering six over long-on in the World Cup final against Sri Lanka he, perhaps, had played his best ODI innings ever.
Three years later, when Maxx launched the AXD 21 MSD 7 Smarty it almost felt like a repeat of that single, glorious moment that won India the World Cup after 22 years.
All the products that celebrities endorse may not be an outward extension of themselves, but the AXD 21 is the closest that can come to complementing our captain cool. It may not have cut down every test we put it to with a helicopter shot but it is something you might consider before investing in a budget smartphone.
Key Specs
Display – 4 inch, resolution – 480×800 pixels, storage – 4 GB, processor – 1GHz, RAM – 512 MB, rear camera – 3.2 MP, front camera – 0.3 MP, OS – Android 4.4.2, battery – 1450 mAh
Design
The front has thick bezels with three symbols etched in silver at the bottom that act as capacitive buttons. The edges of the screen are painted in standard black, which we see in most phones. Flip the phone and you’ll find that the rear cover is like a Persian carpet. It is bright, ruby-red in colour with the maker’s name stenciled in yellow, block letters. It is also available in white and black.
There is nothing radical or pioneering about its design. It is easy on the eye and blessed aesthetically with simpleness.
Software
Daily tasks like messaging, sending mail and browsing the Internet run smoothly. It barely breaks into a sweat performing tasks that are heavy on its 1 GHz processor and 512 MB memory.
Of course, the AXD 21 cannot lift weights and do 500 bench-presses on its 512 MB RAM, but it can easily juggle memory between apps and multiple browser tabs.
It runs on Kitkat and comes with preloaded Maxx apps.
Camera
Despite a plethora of options like HDR, timelapse they lose their lustre because of the 3.5 MP rear camera. Outdoor shots in bright lighting may not giveaway its shortcomings but pictures clicked indoors will let the cat out of the bag.
The 0.3 MP front camera can at best mimic the effects of the 1999 horror film The Blair Witch Project; perfect for Halloween selfies, but best avoided on a night out with friends.
Battery
The 1450 mAh battery might easily power a feature phone, but will it endure a dual-sim smartphone with 3G that will squeeze every drop of juice from it like a thirsty Hummer sipping through a gas pump nozzle?
We took out the AXD 21 for a spin as a backup device to live tweet from an event and it lasted a little less than four hours after continuous use of 3G.
Verdict
For a grand sum of Rs 4,020, I would say that the AXd 21 is akin to a pub serving single-malt scotch in happy hours, and throw in a free 16 GB micro SD, it is like extending the hours till late night. If you ignore the minor flaws like its headphones which remixes treble and bass to produce a completely, different genre altogether then this comes highly recommended to those who religiously live, breathe the dharma of paisa vasool.

It Could Soon Be Impossible To Get U.S. Netflix In CanadaU.S. Netflix In Canada Could Be History If Copyright Holders Have Their Way
The Huffington Post Canada
reddit
Major media companies are beginning to lobby governments to prevent Netflix users from using geo-unlocking services to access content available in other countries.
Major media companies are beginning to lobby Netflix and other streaming services to prevent users from accessing content available in other countries.
Currently, about a third of Canadians who have Netflix access its U.S. service , but that could all end if these lobbying efforts prove succesful.
Simon Bush, the head of Australian media lobby group AHEDA, told Cnet news that discussions to lock Australians out of U.S. Netflix services “are happening now.”
AHEDA represents major media companies such as Warner Bros., Universal and Sony Pictures.
Netflix hasn’t officially launched in Australia yet, but some 200,000 Australian households already access the U.S. version of Netflix.
Some streaming services are already beginning to put such restrictions in place. U.S.-based Hulu has been blocking users who access its service through virtual private networks (VPNs) and proxy servers for the past several months, Torrentfreak reports .
VPNs mask the real location of a computer user by making that computer part of a larger, private network located elsewhere. Proxy servers reroute a user’s traffic through a server to make it look like the user is located elsewhere. Hulu’s ban evidently applies to both.
In Canada, Netflix is also facing calls from the media industry to be regulated like a Canadian broadcaster , and to be required to pay into the CanCon media fund.
Netflix representatives are scheduled to testify before the CRTC on Friday, where they are expected to reiterate their opposition to what they are calling a “ Netflix tax .”
Also on HuffPost:

The Heroes That Calgary Needs Right NowBatman World Record Reached In Calgary By Nexen Employees (TWEETS)
The Huffington Post Alberta
reddit
What's the Dark Knight doing in Cowtown during the light of day?
Hundreds of Nexen Energy employees dressed as Batman gathered in downtown Calgary as they set a Guinness World Record for most people masquerading as the Caped Crusader on Thursday, said a news release.
Nexen carried out the effort as a way to kick off its 2014 United Way campaign, which has the theme, "From Suits to Superheroes."
Record broken! 542 @nexenenergy staff came together to break the World Record for most people dressed as batmen! pic.twitter.com/VELOsQ0HKh
— Calgary United Way (@UnitedWayCgy) September 18, 2014
The stunt lit up social networks in Calgary on Thursday, with several people posting photos of the Batmen/women dancing at Century Park.
Holy Batmen, Batman! MT @yyccowguy : It's a party at the @nexenenergy @UnitedWayCgy kickoff event in #yyc . pic.twitter.com/36FJPB4QNY
— John Smiley (@MisterYYC) September 18, 2014
@nexenenergy staff #stepup in support of @UnitedWayCgy . From Suits to Super heros is this year's campaign theme. pic.twitter.com/nM1Hhkz3qV
— Dave Ware (@Brickwares) September 18, 2014
Century Park Downtown. Literally hundreds of people all dressed as Batman, dancing... Because Calgary. #batman pic.twitter.com/YPDGmt1yy4
— Robert Vance (@ARobertVance) September 18, 2014
There are hundreds of dancing Batmen in downtown Calgary right now. pic.twitter.com/YuDEAKD3qK
— Matthew Hayles (@mathayles) September 18, 2014
Nexen bids for Batman world record to support United Way pic.twitter.com/EmS5kAbgVh /rather than give costume $ to United Way?
— Jason Markusoff (@markusoff) September 18, 2014
It isn't the first time that Nexen has set a Guinness World Record .
In 2011, employees with the oil and gas company set the record for biggest gathering of people dressed as Superman with 437 people in attendance.
Nor is it the first time that Calgary has been associated with Gotham. Two years ago, Mayor Naheed Nenshi opened himself up to questions on Twitter, and one user asked what he would do if he were mayor of Batman's city.
The mayor tweeted out the following photo in the midst of questions about whether he would arrest Batman or condone the hero's vigilante activities.
Thursday was, perhaps, a rare time when Batman's activities were actively encouraged.

PPP to get entire Kashmir from India: Bilawal Bhutto ZardariE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Watch Mars Orbiter Mission in your room with  Smartur Mangalyaan  appSep 20, 2014 at  02:25pm IST
Watch Mars Orbiter Mission in your room with 'Smartur Mangalyaan' app
22
0
Hyderabad: As India's historical Mars Orbiter Mission will enter the last lap on September 24, Hyderabad based Neeraj Jewalkar has created a 3D application called 'Smartur Mangalyaan'. The application is created to spread awareness about the mission and it offers a three dimensional view of the spacecraft and rocket launcher. This is created using the technology called augmented reality.
Jewalkar, CEO of Smartur.com, said, "This application will bring mission into your room. You can see Mangalyaan, its path and various equipment it is carrying.
Within a week of its launch more than 1,200 people have downloaded this application. The Mangalyaan application is fast becoming popular among students as well. It allows users to click a selfie with the Mangalyaan in the background.
One of the students said, "This app is unique and very interesting.
Another student said, "We learnt so many new things.
The app is available for download for free on all Android phones.
96

Nifty may touch 8500 by year-end: Sandeep WagleCEO
("By the year-end, we will…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth , shares his views on the markets as well as some sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is your reading of how the trade set up is looking? We have managed to latch on to 8100, but it is expiry as well in the next week. Do you think we will be able to build on to gains?
Sandeep Wagle: Yes , I think so. In fact, I do not see 8050 being broken on the downside. Any move towards that should be an opportunity to buy and after such a big day on Thursday, what happened on Friday was expected. Maybe you can have one or two of sideways days, but sooner than later, we will test 8200 levels and probably break it now. Whether it happens before expiry or after expiry, that cannot be said, but my sight is now set on the 8400-8450 levels.
This is not a view for the next few days, but for the next few weeks or months, a couple of months. By the year-end, we will be somewhere around 8400-8450 levels or even near 8500. That is what some of the chart patterns are suggesting. So I would be a buyer on every bit of correction and I do not think we will break 8000. So 8000-8200 is the range for the short term. If you ask about a little longer term, a month or two, we will be somewhere near 8400-8450 levels.
ET Now: Which stocks do you like in the healthcare space now?
Sandeep Wagle: Well, stocks like Lupin, Sun Pharma have moved up quite a bit. In that sense, I am not very comfortable. Not to say that they are weak, they should be long-term bias on every bit of a correction that comes in, but as a trade over the next few days or next few sessions, I would single out Biocon. In fact, I am finding good traction and at the current level of 510, I see 520-525 being tested in the next two or three trading sessions. Probably it may go all the way to 540-545. So any move towards 505 and 500, that range is very comfortable buying with a stop loss of 490 and play for a 525 short-term target, a target of 550 over the next few weeks or probably a month or so.
ET Now: Is the consolidation over for some of those Tata names like Tata Elxsi and Tata Sponge, which had a massive move on Friday?
Sandeep Wagle: No, I would not be in a hurry to buy any of these stocks. I do not see that kind of momentum. Tata Sponge specifically is not breaking those 845-840 support zones. But I do not see that momentum which will take the stock up. Volumes are also very-very thin. So in that sense, it is not very clear. I would wait for clearer signals.
ET Now: In an otherwise fairly okay market, JSPL has not had the best of performances. Would you have a trading call on JSPL?
Sandeep Wagle: See some more downside probably to 175, which is a very strong support. I would not be in a hurry to sell it also. Let it break 175. Then we will think of shorting it further for a fresh new move. But I would wait for clearer signals to emerge. So in that sense, you cannot buy it, you cannot sell it. We are in that scenario.
ET Now: What are your trading ideas?
Sandeep Wagle: A buy in Grasim with a stop loss of 3665, target of 3740; a buy in TCS on a correction - with a stop loss of 2695, target of 2760 and a buy in Asian Paints - with a stop loss of 660, target of 690.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Leafs Named Worst Sports Franchise In North AmericaToronto Maple Leafs Worst Sports Franchise In North America: ESPN
The Huffington Post Canada
Updated:
09/19/2014 12:59 pm EDT
onathan Bernier prepares to take the ice for a television spot Thursday morning, Sept. 18, 2014, in Toronto. Bad news, Leafs Nation: You’ve got the worst pro sports franchise on the continent. | Lucas Oleniuk via Getty Images
reddit
Bad news, Leafs Nation: You’ve got the worst pro sports franchise on the continent.
That’s according to ESPN's Ultimate Standings for 2014 , which ranked 122 teams in the U.S. and Canada on such criteria as affordability, fan relations, stadium experience and “bang for the buck” — the number of wins per fan dollars spent.
The Toronto Maple Leafs scored near or at the bottom on all those rankings, including affordability. Simply put, no one pays as much to watch a team suck so bad as Leafs fans. (Sorry guys.)
But then, no Canadian team performed all that well. The top-ranking team, the Habs (bad news again, Leafs Nation) only managed to rank in 55th place.
The top-ranking teams, according to ESPN? Those would be the San Antonio Spurs, in first, and the Anaheim Ducks, in second.
One bright spot for Canada: The Ottawa Senators ranked a respectable 25th when it comes to bang for the buck, making Ottawa hockey fans the likeliest in Canada to see their team score, per dollar spent.
On affordability, Canadian teams all rank in the bottom fifth, with the Calgary Flames taking the best spot among Canadian teams — at 96th. That may have to do with the relatively strong Canadian dollar in recent years.
Conclusion: Canadians pay a lot of money to watch a lot of mediocre pro sports. Check out the rankings of Canadian teams below.
Close

Kashmir comment: Bilawal Bhutto daydreaming  says CongressKashmir comment: Bilawal Bhutto ‘daydreaming’, says Congress
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 20:  
The Congress today chastised Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) leader Bilawal Bhutto Zardari for his remark that he will “take back all of Kashmir” and said he was “day dreaming”.
The official Congress Twitter account put up a picture of its former leader and ex-Prime Minister Indira Gandhi with the quote, “Pakistan has surrendered... Dhaka is now a free capital of a free country”. She had said those words on December 16, 1971 after the conclusion of the Indo-Pak War.
Asking Bilawal to learn from history, the picture also highlighted in red ‘1948, 1965, 1971, 1999’ — the years when Pakistan lost wars with India.
AICC Secretary Sanjay Nirupam also tweeted on the issue saying, “What 3 generations of Bhutto family couldn’t achieve Shah Nawaz, Zulfikar Ali & Benazir Daydreaming @BBhuttoZardari promised (sic)!”
Asking Bilawal to “shut up”, he further tweeted, “India defeated Pakistan 4 times, in 48, 65, 71 & 99. Will make it 5/5, hope they remember this forever! #ShutUpBhutto”.
Bilawal, considered the ‘Gen-Next’ politician of Pakistan, had yesterday told his party’s workers in Multan in Pakistan’s Punjab that PPP would get Kashmir back from India.
“I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan,” the scion of the highly influential Bhutto family had said.
Former Pakistan prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf were present at his side when Bilawal made those comments.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Govt plans to bring more clarity to related-party dealsGovt plans to bring more clarity to related-party deals
Deepak Patel | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 10:52 PM IST
The ministry of corporate affairs (MCA) is planning to give a clarification in a few months to bring coherence between accounting standards and the new companies law regarding related-party transactions. Companies are apprehensive that unless this is done, these will have to keep separate records for the Companies Act and the accounting standard concerned.
"We have asked the Institute of Chartered Accountants (ICAI) for some guidelines. We will ensure a clarification comes in a few months," said a government official.
Accounting Standard (AS) 18 governs reporting of transactions with related parties in the financial statements of companies which are circulated to the shareholders and statutory authorities like the registrar of companies, income tax department, etc. It does not prescribe any restriction or prohibit companies from entering such transactions.
On the other hand, the Companies Act, 2013, provides that companies would have to seek their board of directors' approval, as well as the recommendation of the audit committee for certain related-party transactions. In some cases, which cross a prescribed threshold, approval of shareholders is also needed.
Therefore, while the accounting standards are more concerned with the disclosure of transactions after execution, the Companies Act, 2013, has given its attention to various approvals by the board, audit committee and shareholders before the transaction.
However, there are some differences between the way related parties are defined in AS-18 and the Act, bothering companies. The definition under the new companies law is wider than that in accounting standards. If two independent companies have family relatives and these companies enter into transactions, these are related-party deals, according to the Act, but not in terms of AS-18, say to experts.
"The coverage of relatives (under the Act) is solely based on relationship, without giving any consideration to financial dependence or influencing power," said Pankaj Chadha, partner in a member firm of EY Global
Also, even if a director is common in two independent companies, these will be taken as related parties if they enter into transactions. However, the AS-18 still considers them independent and not related parties, experts said.
"While the accounting standard restricts the definition of 'related party' to a relationship in which one party controls the other and to transactions between companies under common control, the definition under the Companies Act is far wider and covers relatives and their interest in firms and companies as well," said S Sriram, principal associate-direct tax, Lakshmikumaran & Sridharan attorneys.
Besides, the Act has made it binding on the companies to seek approvals at the stage of memorandum of understanding (MoU) itself, while the accounting standard is only bothered about transactions.
While the companies enter into a business with the help of an MoU, the actual transaction cost is decided on the basis of the purchase agreement.
"The MoU is only an umbrella agreement. The Act requires companies to take shareholders' approval even at that level, while the accounting standards are concerned only with the purchase agreement," said Manoj Kumar, managing partner, Hammurabi & Solomon.
With such differences, many companies are concerned that they have to maintain separate records - for new the companies law and accounting standards, creating unnecessary work overload.
Ultimately, "the report sent to the registrar of companies and circulated to shareholders will contain different sets of related-party transactions, creating confusion and doubt on the correctness of reporting," said Sriram.
More, under the Act, the definition of 'related parties' includes companies whose directors are 'accustomed to act' according to the 'advice, direction, instruction' of a director of another company. These terms can be interpreted differently. "The meaning of 'accustomed to act', 'advice, direction, instruction' is very subjective. No guidance has been prescribed to identify such transactions. This might lead to litigation," said Sriram.
What is a related-party transaction?
A business deal or arrangement between two parties who are joined by a special relationship prior to the deal. For example, a business transaction between a major shareholder and the corporation would be deemed a related-party transaction

NDP Forces Surprise Debate On Tories Over Murdered  Missing WomenMurdered, Missing Aboriginal Women Debate Catches Tories By Surprise
CP  | By                                                                Lee-Anne Goodman, The Canadian Press
Posted:
reddit
OTTAWA - An aboriginal MP delivered a powerful plea Friday for a national inquiry into murdered and missing indigenous women, recalling his own brother's death as a five-year-old in a residential school 60 years ago.
Romeo Saganash, an NDP member from northern Quebec's Nunavik region, implored the Conservative government to call an inquiry after the New Democrats successfully moved a motion allowing them to raise the issue in the House of Commons.
"The violence that is perpetrated against indigenous women is the violence against the environment today, and the same violence that assaulted parents and grandparents in residential schools," Saganash told the chamber.
During the debate, Conservative MP Susan Truppe defended the government's record on murdered and missing aboriginal women. So too did Environment Minister Leona Aglukkaq, a Nunavut MP.
"I'm an aboriginal woman who went to a residential school," she said. "I came to this House to help aboriginal women."
But Saganash's memories of his mother's decades of grief over his brother, Jonish, provided the most poignant moments of the unexpected debate.
"He was five years old. He never came back. Apparently, he died the first year he arrived at the residential school," Saganash said.
Their mother never knew where her son had been buried, Saganash added. Forty years later, his sister learned of the burial spot, filmed it and showed Saganash's mother the footage.
"The day she saw that video — I had never seen her cry that way. That was closure. That is what we call closure .... This is what indigenous families in this country need. That is what they want. That is why they are calling for this national inquiry."
The NDP billed Friday's debate as a victory over a government that was "asleep at the switch," saying they took advantage of scant Tory attendance after the daily question period to take control of the House agenda.
Conservative MPs who were in the House, such as Bob Zimmer and Ryan Leef, opted to vote with the opposition, later using their Twitter feeds to say they supported the motion that triggered the debate.
"The government is unable to stop us because of our numbers," NDP House leader Peter Julian said afterward.
"When they realized that we had the majority in the House, they backed off and changed their vote, but you could see the panic on their faces as they ran into the House trying to block the NDP's attempt to put forward this debate today."
The Conservatives, however, dismissed the NDP's version of events.
"The vote had no impact on whether the debate happened," government House leader Peter Van Loan said in a statement.
"We had no reason to block debate. You will note that Conservative members, including the minister of the environment and the parliamentary secretary for the status of women, actively participated."
In remarks that earned a rousing standing ovation from his NDP colleagues, Saganash pointed out that aboriginal women are much more likely to fall victim to violence than non-native women. He said an inquiry needs to examine the root causes at play.
"Where is the Canada we used to know, Mr. Speaker, the one that has the history of upholding high standards of human rights and social democratic values in this country?" he said.
"It is no longer here."
Calls are growing ever louder for a public inquiry into Canada's hundreds of murdered and missing native women.
An RCMP report released in May found aboriginal women have been much more prone to violent deaths than non-native women in Canada.
The latest federal budget committed $25 million over five years to address crimes against aboriginal women and girls. But the opposition NDP and Liberals have been demanding a sweeping national inquiry.
Follow Lee-Anne Goodman on Twitter at @leeanne25
More:

Proactive govt: Start-ups  big cos bet on renewable energy spaceAnil Ambani
(Fuelled by a supportive…)
In mid-2014, Banmali Agrawala, president and CEO of GE South Asia, journeyed from the steel and chrome of his office building in Gurgaon to a village in Maharashtra's Satara district, some seven hours south of Mumbai. This wasn't an opportunity for the $146-billion GE to scout for some new business in the hinterland; instead, Agrawala, a former Tata Power executive, was visiting the wind farms of Greenko, a renewable energy developer.
Since October 2011, when GE made a $50-million investment in Greenko, its wind energy capacity has increased from 65 MW to over 600 MW in 2014. Investors had flocked to the firm too, most recently in July this year when it raised $550 million in an overseas bond sale (the largest debt sale by a firm with low or sub-investment grade ratings). Greenko's order book is valued at over $1.4 billion.
Agrawala sees a spring in the step of renewable energy developers. "I think things have changed," he says. "Traditional energy sources have faced serious challenges for the past three or four years and this has pushed developers towards renewable energy." He contends that while
the earlier phase was driven by tax breaks, this round will be more focused on building long-term businesses. "Now, we have a more serious set of players...their emphasis is not on that one-off tax break, but on building power projects that will run for a long time and operate efficiently and profitably," he adds.
Rush of Players
GE and Greenko are hardly the only two firms eyeing the renewable energy opportunity. Across the country, a raft of companies ranging from global conglomerates such as GE to Indian giants such as the Tatas, Aditya Birla Group, Adani Group, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) and Mahindra Group are all rushing to make investments and expand their renewable energy pipeline.
While some conglomerates are vocal about their ambitions, two of them are flying under the radar. Mukesh Ambani, India's richest person and promoter of RIL, has only made occasional statements of his interest in renewable energy. "We will transit from [a] hydrocarbon presence which is coal, oil and natural gas into a fully renewable, sustainable future over the next many decades and solar really will be at the heart of it," Ambani said in a TV interview last year. RIL's Reliance Solar has been quietly working on building both upstream clean energy products such as home lighting systems and solar lanterns as well as products used in building renewable energy plants.
Another ambitious billionaire, Gautam Adani, who plans to build over 20,000 MW capacity in power by 2020, is also considering expanding in this space. After unveiling his first solar project in 2012, as the economy has picked up and renewable energy norms improved, Adani is interested in renewable projects across the country, a spokesperson said without providing further details.
Joining these conglomerates is a clutch of start-up renewable energy firms such as Greenko, ReNew Power and Azure Power that have announced plans to expand. Investors too are jumping into the fray, with marquee names such as IFC (a World Bank company), KKR and speciality investors such as Berkeley Energy willing to provide financing. Add to this power gear makers frantically looking to keep pace — one wind energy equipment manufacturer was swamped with over a hundred enquiries in August — and this is an industry with a new sense of purpose. The rush for renewables is perhaps most evident with the deluge of orders power gear companies like ABB, Bhel and Alstom are racing to fulfil. ABB is seeing a strong rise in demand for power electronics for wind turbine manufacturers and plant engineering solutions and substations for wind farms that connect the facility to the main grid. In May this year, the state-owned Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (Bhel) opened a Rs 3,000-crore solar fab unit in Maharashtra and in September commenced work on a 20-MW solar power plant in Odisha. French giant Alstom is a top provider of equipment for hydroelectric projects and is now looking to expand its presence.
  Supply Issues
There is little doubt that India needs the power generated by renewable energy projects. The country has a peak power deficit of some 5% and the conventional power units expected to fill the breach are months, if not years, behind schedule. Renewable power project developers don't have to worry about issues such as fuel linkages and price escalations and their projects take a few months to get operational. Add to this falling power prices (wind power is today cheaper or comparable, per unit, to the power spluttered out by diesel gensets, for example). With the government making a firm push to promote renewable power — tax rebates, focused schemes, and possibly fixed tariffs instead of competitive bidding for solar power — the excitement in the sector is only expected to grow.

Express 5: Foreign secy  NSA meet Pak envoy; ISROs Mars Orbiter to enter RedplanetWe recommend that you go through these five stories before starting your Sunday.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 9:10 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 9:16 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories before starting your Sunday.
1. Foreign Secretary, NSA meet Pakistan envoy
Modi, Sharif met in May and are soon headed to New York.
Days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi goes to New York to attend the UN General Assembly, India and Pakistan have held two quiet meetings over the last one week.
 
2. Sports
Just eight years ago, a teenaged Jitu Rai was growing paddy, potatoes and corn on his family farm in a tiny village in eastern Nepal. And on Saturday he was standing on top of the podium, receiving India’s first gold medal of the 2014 Asian Games.
 
3. Express Impact 
Weeks after The Sunday Express reported on how 125 students from 16 villages in Sankheda taluka of Gujarat’s Chhota Udepur district swam across the Hiran river to reach their school, two US NRIs brought an inflatable boat for the children.
 
4. Opinion
Three words that should worry the Prime Minister more than the bad by-election results are: nothing has changed.
 
5. Sunday Story
A spacecraft launched by ISRO on November 5, 2013, and another launched by NASA on November 18, 2013, are set to enter the orbit of planet Mars within 48 hours of each other.

Replacement of Planning Commission still under considerationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kurdish fighters head to Syria to facemilitantsTurkish soldiers stand as Syrian refugees amass at the border in Suruc, Turkey, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 21, 2014 10:10 am
Hundreds of Kurdish fighters raced from Turkey and Iraq into neighboring Syria on Saturday to defend a Kurdish area under attack by Islamic State militants. As the fighting raged, more than 60,000 mostly Kurdish refugees streamed across the dusty and barren border into Turkey, some hobbling on crutches as others lugged bulging sacks of belongings on their backs.
The large-scale displacement of so many and the movement of the Kurdish fighters into Syria reflected the ferocity of the fighting in the northern Kobani area, which borders Turkey. Militants of the extremist Islamic State group have been barreling through the area for the past three days, prompting Kurdish leaders to plead for international help.
Civilians seeking safety began massing on the Turkish border on Thursday. Turkey did not let them in at first, saying it would provide them with aid on the Syrian side of the border instead. By Friday, it had changed its mind and started to let in several thousand.
The numbers grew quickly as more entry points opened, and by late Saturday afternoon, more than 60,000 had poured across the frontier, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said.
Even by the standards of Syria’s bitter war, it was unusual for so many refugees to flee in such a short time. Their numbers add to the 2.8 million Syrians who have become refugees in the past three years, and another 6.4 million who have been displaced within their own country — nearly half of Syria’s pre-war population of 23 million.
Many of those who came across Saturday cradled young children or carried them on their shoulders. Kurtulmus said some refugees were staying with relatives, while others took shelter in schools or tents.
“Kobani is facing the fiercest and most barbaric attack in its history,” said official Mohammed Saleh Muslim, head of Syria’s powerful Kurdish Democratic Union. The groups’ members dominate the Syrian Kurdish group known as the YPK, which is fighting the Islamic State militants.
“Kobani calls on all those who defend humane and democratic values … to stand by Kobani and support it immediately. The coming hours are decisive,” he said.
On Friday, the president of Iraq’s largely autonomous Kurdish region, Masoud Barzani, warned that the militant group’s attacks on the Kobani area “threaten the whole entirety of the Kurdish nation.”
The battle over Kobani is part of a long-running fight between the Islamic State group and Syria’s Kurds that has raged across a band of Syrian territory stretching along the Turkish border from the north to the far northeast, where large numbers of Kurds live. The clashes are one aspect of Syria’s broader civil war — a multilayered conflict that the U.N. says has killed more than 190,000,
The YPK is viewed with suspicion by many Syrian rebels and continued…

Cong  NCP join fight club after BJP-Sena tussle  disagree over seatsThe ruling Congress-NCP combine in Maharashtra displaced the Sena-BJP alliance from the media centre stage on Saturday exposing a divided house much like the opposition ahead of the October 15 state election.
Advertisement
The Congress offered Sharad Pawar’s party 124 seats to contest but the NCP rejected the proposal, demanding half of the assembly’s 288 constituencies.
“The election process has already begun and time is running out. At best, we can wait another day for the Congress to respond,” said NCP’s Praful Patel, hinting that otherwise his party may go it alone.
His remarks came as the process of candidates filing nominations kicked off after the issuance of the election notification with September 27 as the deadline.
Read: BJP turns down Shiv Sena's new offer
During the 2009 Maharashtra assembly elections, the Congress contested 174 seats and the NCP 114.
But equations have changed, said NCP leaders, after the Congress suffered a crushing defeat in this year’s Lok Sabha polls at the hands of the BJP, failing to muster enough numbers to even get the primary opposition party’s role.
The coalition – in power for 15 years in Maharashtra – was decimated in the state by the BJP-Shiv Sena-led Mahayuti or grand alliance, as the Congress got just two parliamentary seats and the NCP four.
The Congress remained firm as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state party chief Manikrao Thakre and general secretary in-charge Mohan Prakash told party president Sonia Gandhi there should be no softening on the seat- sharing issue.
“There’s no need for change in the 2009 formula. We have almost finalised our candidates for 174 seats and if need be candidates for the remaining 114 seats will also be decided,” Thakre said.
Some senior leaders from both sides, however, said back-channel talks were on and there was room for bargaining.
“Our performance over the years has improved and it has been much better than that of the Congress in 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Negotiations are possible only if the Congress resumes talks,” Patel said.

Soon order food of your choice through SMS onboard trainSep 21, 2014 at 09:59am IST
Soon order food of your choice through SMS onboard train
42
0
New Delhi: Soon you can order meals of your taste through SMS while travelling on a train as Railways is launching a mobile phone-based service in a move to offer multiple catering options to passengers.
The SMS-based service, part of the e-catering service, will be launched on September 25 in a few selected trains on a pilot basis, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
IRCTC, which is coordinating the e-catering service, is finalising a new designated number to be used for SMS service for ordering food on a train.
IRCTC, which is coordinating the e-catering service, is finalising a new designated number to be used for SMS service for ordering food on a train.
#railways #food #train #sms service
Plagued with complaints, Railways has stepped up efforts to improve catering services on trains.
"Our aim is to provide multiple choices to passengers. While the existing service of getting food from pantry cars will continue, the SMS-based service is also being offered to passengers," the official said.
According to the plan, a passenger will get response from a dedicated team after sending the SMS mentioning his PNR number.
"The passenger will get call after the due online verification of the PNR status and berth position in the particular train seeking details of food order. Payments will be made after the delivery," he said.
While SMS-based service is being launched, Railways is also finalising a plan to start online order system where a passenger can also book his food online.
Arrangements have been made with some reputed food chains and eating joints for providing food through SMS-based orders on trains, the official said, adding "the online order system will also be launched shortly".
Recently, Railways had started providing ready-to-eat packaged food in certain trains on a trial basis offering variety of choices to passengers.
The ready-to-eat food service got a good response and now we are planning to formulate a policy on it by roping in more players, the official said.
13

Top four Sensex cos lose Rs 39k cr in market valuationTop four Sensex cos lose Rs 39k cr in market valuation
Eight Indians in Fortune list of powerful Asia-Pacific womenEight Indians in Fortune list of powerful Asia-Pacific women
Press Trust of India | New York Sep 21, 2014 11:05 AM IST
As many as eight Indian women, led by ICICI Bank chief Chanda Kochhar, have made it to the Fortune list of 25 most powerful women "shaping the new world order" in the Asia-Pacific region.
Kochhar, ranked highest among Indian women, has been ranked second across the region, while three others -- SBI's Arundhati Bhattacharya (4th), HPCL's Nishi Vasudeva (5th) and Axis Bank's Shikha Sharma (10th) -- have also made it to the top-10.
The list is topped by Australian banking major Westpac's chief Gail Kelly.
Other Indians on the top-25 list include Biocon chief Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (19th), National Stock Exchange CEO Chitra Ramkrishna (22nd), HSBC's Naina Lal Kidwai (23rd) and TAFE Chairman and CEO Mallika Srinivasan (25th).
Releasing the latest rankings, the Fortune magazine said that women around the world are continuing to win the top jobs, so much so that more than a third of the women on this Asia-Pacific list are making their debut in the coveted list, including two from India.
The two Indian new entrants are Bhattacharya and Vasudeva.
"More and more businesswomen are taking tougher jobs and helming bigger firms. More than a third of the women on our Asia-Pacific list are making their MPW (most powerful women) debut," Fortune said.
Among Indians, Bhattacharya is ranked second after Kochhar and is the first woman to hold the three-year post at SBI, who oversees a 208-year-old institution with USD 400 billion in assets and 218,000 employees dispersed among 16,000 bank branches across India.
On the other hand, Vasudeva, 58, became the first woman to head an Indian oil company and is "and one of only four women to helm a Global Fortune 500 firm in the Asia-Pacific region".
NSE's Ramakrishna is the only woman on the list heading a stock exchange.
Meanwhile, PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third among world's most powerful business woman by Fortune in its worldwide list. Nooyi is only Indian-origin woman on this year's global list, which has been topped by IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.

Iran seeks give and take on militants  nuke ...Iran seeks give and take on militants, nuclear program
By Reuters | 21 Sep, 2014, 11.28AM IST
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said recently that he vetoed a U.S. overture to the Islamic Republic to work together on defeating IS, but U.S. officials said there was no such offer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
UNITED NATIONS: Iran is ready to work with the United States and its allies to stop Islamic State militants, but would like to see more flexibility on Iran's uranium enrichment program, senior Iranian officials told Reuters.
The comments from the officials, who asked not to be named, highlight how difficult it may be for the Western powers to keep the nuclear negotiations separate from other regional conflicts. Iran wields influence in the Syrian civil war and on the Iraqi government, which is fighting the advance of Islamic State fighters.
Iran has sent mixed signals about its willingness to cooperate on defeating Islamic State (IS), a hardline Sunni Islamist group that has seized large swaths of territory across Syria and Iraq and is blamed for a wave of sectarian violence, beheadings and massacres of civilians.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said recently that he vetoed a U.S. overture to the Islamic Republic to work together on defeating IS, but U.S. officials said there was no such offer. In public, both Washington and Tehran have ruled out cooperating militarily in tackling the IS threat.
But in private, Iranian officials have voiced a willingness to work with the United States on IS, though not necessarily on the battlefield. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday that Iran has a role to play in defeating Islamic State, indicating the U.S. position may also be shifting.
"Iran is a very influential country in the region and can help in the fight against the ISIL (IS) terrorists ... but it is a two-way street. You give something, you take something," said a senior Iranian official on condition of anonymity.
"ISIL is a threat to world security, not our (nuclear) program, which is a peaceful program," the official added.
Tehran rejects Western allegations that it is amassing the capability to produce atomic weapons under cover of a civilian nuclear energy program.
Another Iranian official echoed the remarks. Both officials said they would like the United States and its Western allies to show flexibility on the number of atomic centrifuges Tehran could keep under any long-term deal that would lift sanctions in exchange for curbs on Tehran's nuclear program.
"Both sides can show flexibility that will lead to an acceptable number for everyone," another Iranian official said.
West Wants To Keep Atomic Talks Separate
Western officials told Reuters that Iran has not raised this idea in nuclear negotiations with the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China that resumed in New York on Friday. Diplomats close to the talks say they are unlikely to settle in New York on a long-term accord that would lift sanctions in exchange for curbs on Iranian nuclear work.
The Western officials said it would be difficult for them to even discuss the point in the atomic negotiations as the United States and its allies are determined to keep the nuclear negotiations focused exclusively on atomic issues as the Nov. 24 deadline for a deal nears.
"We are seeing as we get closer to the end of the talks that the Iranians are tempted to bring other dossiers to the table," a senior Western diplomat said.
"They sometimes indicate that if there were to not be a (nuclear) deal, the other dossiers in region would be more complicated," he added. "The six are determined not to bring the other subjects to the nuclear negotiations table."
The New York talks among senior foreign ministry officials from the six powers and Iran are taking place on the sidelines of this week's annual gathering of world leaders at the U.N. General Assembly.
The number of nuclear centrifuges has emerged as the principal sticking point in negotiations, which are expected to continue in New York until at least Sept. 26.
Centrifuges are machines that spin at supersonic speed to increase the ratio of the fissile isotope in uranium. Low-enriched uranium is used to fuel nuclear power plants, Iran's stated goal, but can also provide material for bombs if refined much further, which the West fears may be Iran's latent goal.
Iran currently has over 19,000 centrifuges, though only around 10,000 of those are operational. The six powers want Iran to reduce the number of operational centrifuges to the low thousands, to ensure it cannot quickly produce enough bomb-grade uranium for a weapon, should it choose to do so.
Iranians are keen to keep as many of their centrifuges as possible, and have also suggested that they could keep all 19,000 installed while maintaining a much smaller number in an operational state. Western officials say they dislike that idea.
U.S. officials have made clear for months that the number of centrifuges they are willing to tolerate operating in Iran over the medium term would be in the low thousands to ensure that Tehran's ability to produce a usable amount of bomb-grade uranium, should it go down that road, is severely limited.
Iran says such draconian limitations would be a violation of its right to enrich. Supreme Leader Khamenei has called that issue a "red line" for Tehran.
Centrifuges are not the only sticking point in the talks. Others include the duration of any nuclear deal, the timetable for ending the sanctions, and the fate of a research reactor that could yield significant quantities of bomb-grade plutonium.
Under a November 2013 interim deal, Iran froze some parts of its atomic program in exchange for limited sanctions relief. That agreement was intended to buy time for negotiations on a comprehensive deal that end the decade-long standoff with Iran and remove the risk of yet another war in the Middle East.

G-20 says close to goal of $2 trillion in gr...G-20 says close to goal of $2 trillion in growth
By AP | 21 Sep, 2014, 11.18AM IST
0
Share More
G-20 warned that while economic conditions improved in key economies, global growth remained uneven & below pace to generate critically needed jobs.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SYDNEY: Finance chiefs from the 20 largest economies said on Sunday they are close to reaching their goal of boosting world GDP by more than $2 trillion over the next five years, and will focus on infrastructure investment to help reach the target.
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey, who hosted the Group of 20 meeting in the northern Australian city of Cairns, said the G-20 finance ministers and central bankers had agreed to more than 900 policy initiatives to meet the goal they set in February during a gathering in Sydney.
The G-20, which represents about 85 percent of the global economy, said an analysis of those initiatives show they should boost the combined gross domestic product of member countries by 1.8 percent above levels expected for the next five years, just short of the group's target of 2 percent.
In July, the International Monetary Fund downgraded its economic forecast, estimating the world economy would expand 3.4 percent this year, rather than the 3.7 percent it had previously predicted, due to weaker growth in the US, Russia and developing economies.
Last week, the lending organization amped up pressure on the G-20 to take action on its global growth commitment, calling for decisive structural reforms. On Sunday, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said the G-20 would need to concentrate on labor market measures and infrastructure in order to reach its 2 percent growth goal by 2018.
"They are almost done, but need to do a bit more," Lagarde told reporters after the meeting.
Hockey said the group had agreed to shift its focus from government-led growth to private sector-led growth, particular from additional investment in infrastructure. In a communique issued after the meeting, the G-20 outlined a Global Infrastructure Initiative, which would include the development of a database to help match potential investors with projects.
The group also warned that while economic conditions had improved in some key economies, global growth remained uneven and below the pace necessary to generate critically needed jobs.
Hockey said the group would deliver "concrete outcomes" by the time the main G-20 summit is held in November in the Australian city of Brisbane.
"We will now redouble efforts and hold each other to account on meeting this target as we go forward," he said.
The G-20 represents the world's major industrialized and developing countries. Its members are Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Britain, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, the US and the European Union.

Bachelor Canada  Premiere Recap: A Comedy Of Errors (SPOILERS)Current Slide
But then again -- it's only night #1. And night #1 is all about the ladies.
Once we finished with Tim's intro and had enough time to firmly establish the "Is he or isn't he" question in reference to his sexuality that will likely linger all season long, we're greeted by good ol' Tyler Harcott, who quite possibly has the friendliest face on TV. When I think of Tyler, ensconced in that tacky purple up-lighting that I can only assume is an homage to the American "Bachelor" mansion (also known as California's biggest eyesore), I think of Christmas sweaters and uncles playing piano in the living room. Is that weird?
But Tyler welcomes us with open arms, waiting to introduce us to our nation's most eligible Bachelorettes , beaming like a proud papa as he ushers Tim into the house. Let me just say, generally speaking, I'm sorry -- but most of these girls are just not hot. Yes, there are a few strikingly beautiful ones in the group (fine, maybe two), and a few further still who are sort of pretty if you squint, but really? I work from home and on a good day I see at least 25 women that are better-looking than this bunch. And most of us have had at least two kids!
It was pretty easy to spot right off the bat where most of the girls stood in the ranks of how far they'll progress. If you don't want the season ruined for you by spoilers, I suggest changing the channel every time music starts playing. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and guess that April Brockman (pretty-ish girl, raised by her grand-parents, red sequin dress) is the last one standing because every time the girl went anywhere near a camera, I felt like I was warming myself by a campfire and getting ready to harmonize an Indigo Girls tune.
As the girls revealed themselves one by one, I started to get a bit uneasy. Some of them are so familiar-looking I feel like they're going to reveal that they were my campers at sleepover camp at any second and then I'm going to feel like a total asshole. But until that moment ... here goes nothing, right? (Between the brief intros, a whole lotta boob tape and the ladies' official, verrrry sparkly entrances into Tim's life, some left memorable impressions, and sadly, some won't make it past my PVR.
So Natalie. She's the naughty French teacher, who is hands-down the hottest one there. Thank god she only teaches Grade 1 or she'd have to have a basket of tube socks available for her students right next to the hall passes. The thing about Natalie is that I assumed looking like that she'd be the mean girl of the house or at the very least, after that whole "Whip your hair down and shake it out you bad teacher you" moment, that she'd at least have an edge. Instead, we get a girl who actually speaks full-time in her teacher voice -- even to the Bachelor. Really?
Then we head over to Cougartown, where Sonia the lingerie model is pretending that the turquoise necklace she's wearing with the black-and-cream lace bra and panty set (hanging my head in shame for using the word "panty") actually go together.Yes, I realize that 42 isn't old in real life -- 40 is the new 30, right (says the 36-year-old writer)? But in "Bachelor" years? Cougartown. He's 28, honey. Really?
Then we meet Rileigh, the LCBO spokesperson who might as well be wearing a (wet) T-shirt that says "I'm not here for the right reasons." Despite this, I sorta like her. Because who doesn't like a party girl?
Then there's Rene-Anne, the ER doctor from Quebec. Despite her personality leaving nary a mark, I'm gonna go ahead and recommend she prescribe herself a stylist immediately. Her dress looked like she went a bit too crazy with a Bedazzler and a whole mess of plastic six-pack rings. But looking on the bright side, think how many birds she saved in the wearing of that dress! Pamela Anderson would be proud.
April Brockman (or should we just call you Tim's fiancée?) ... not sure if I actually like her, or if I've been seduced into liking her by her musical accompaniment. I mean, I guess she's OK, but like Tim, I haven't figured her out yet. I have figured out who stole Dorothy's shoes, though.
Other April. Wow. I don't know what to make of you either. The fact that you're a Vagician and a burlesque dancer are actually the least alarming things about you. I'm more concerned with the way you float through life surrounded by pixie dust, and use words like "lovely" and talk like a Disney princess. Did you actually expect Tim to have a proper response to "How amazing is gold confetti?!"  I'm ... just ... what?  Total bonus points for quoting "Bring It On," though. Seriously.
Jennifer Selinger. You came, you conquered and you were gone. If you want to talk about making every moment count, this is your girl. Within the span of two hours, she went from grating on my nerves to me wondering if it would be weird for her to ask her to babysit (me, not my kids) and braid my hair. I know Canadian girls are polite and all, and in general I felt that this group were a little too supportive of each other (wishing each other luck in the limo, having high fives and group hugs all around) but never has a bachelorette spent so much time consoling others, motivating and in many cases talking these crazy crays off the ledge. Hard to believe I'm saying this, but I'll miss you.
And speaking of cray crays -- let's not forget the unstable brunette that we all get to watch unravel over the next few weeks. Kaylynn entered our world sporting a Day-5-and-desperately-needs-a-wash ponytail and a whole lot of, well, feelings. The slit in her dress that practically revealed her labia momentarily distracted us, but despite her successful intro to Tim, she fell apart as soon as she entered the house. Why, Kaylynn? Why you gotta be like that? I literally thought she was going to pass out or die during the rose ceremony until he called her name.
While we're on the subject of chills, did anyone else find Dominique's entrance positively chilling? It's like she studied Whitney's first entrance from last season for weeks to figure out how to epically fail "alluring" and "sexy" with a side order of deep rage. Maybe it's the missing teeth that made both those girls so angry. I'd be pissed too. Not a fan.
I was also confused by Jenny. I actually really like her personality ... but ... can someone just clarify for me? Is that not a British accent? I consider myself to be pretty well-travelled and I'm almost positive that's not Hong Kong. Was she trying to confuse him?  Is that her "thing"?
If it is, I have to say, I still like it better than watching a girl dribble a basketball in heels, or attempt to dance, or use your pie to get a man, or not one but two girls speaking Spanish and then literally not being able to recognize their own language when it's spoken back to them, or handing out a store-bought seashell (only minor demerit points because I liked Sachelle), or wearing a pageant sash that seriously looked like it was hiding a baby bump (is Miss Universe Canada even a thing? How does that even make sense?), and I most certainly like it better than wrapping oneself in a velvet curtain and awkwardly serenading the Bachelor with an original song. AN ORIGINAL SONG. Sigh. When will they learn?
So, two unequivocal facts from the episode. One: Lisa's a bitch, guys. She's got "the night is dark and full of terrors" all over her (and if you don't get that reference, you'll need to start watching "Game of Thrones" STAT. Like now. Go.) Clearly she's "not here to make friends," but I'm excited to see the level of evil she'll rise to this season.
Two: Tim is like, super terrible at making speeches. He's really gonna have to work on that. If you're going to gather all the girls into the room just to hand out the First Impression Rose, instead of doing it on the DL like all Bachelors past, you should probably come up with something a little better than "So, there's a rose, and uh ... I'm going to give it out."
Roses this week went to Christine, Natalie, Sechelle, Kaylynn, Jenny, Dominique (insert long alluring glance), Martha, Rileigh, Burlesque April, Lisa, Rene-Anne, Campfire April, Alison, Sonya and Trisha (who almost had a full aneurysm waiting for him to call her name).
We also bid adieu to Andrea, Jacqueline, Jennifer, Jewel, Kelsey, Martha, Raelee (Canada's Pick? Really? Why, Canada, why?), Rebecca, Riti, Sarah, and Sharan. Um, bye.
There's a small part of me hoping next week, there will be a knock on the door and 10 actual good-looking women will walk in and be like, "We're here! You didn't think we'd let this group represent our country, did you?" But sadly, I don't think that's happening.
So for now, I'll have to hope that they, like Tim, will improve over time and by the end, I'll be sobbing like a Mother of the Bride.
"The Bachelor Canada" Season 2 airs on Thursdays at 8 p.m. ET on City.
More:

WATCH: Dozens Of B.C. Whales Leave Boaters GaspingHumpback Whales In Prince Rupert Leave Boaters Gasping (VIDEO)
The Huffington Post Canada
reddit
Whale encounters aren't rare in British Columbia, but it's not often that you see so many, so close.
A lucky group of whale watchers in Prince Rupert got a completely unexpected encounter when several humpback whales swam right up to a boat owned by Prince Rupert Adventure Tours earlier this month.
A video uploaded to YouTube on Monday shows the whales swimming and breaching slowly as stunned passengers look on.
Boat captain Doug Davis told The Province newspaper that as many as 30 surrounded the boat at one point.
"It was quite the experience," he said.
This is hardly the first time that such a stunning video of sea mammals has been captured in the province.
Earlier this year, video surfaced of a humpback whale swimming right next to a fishing boat in Prince Rupert.
Last year, BC Ferries passengers saw a massive pod of Pacific White-sided dolphins as a vessel travelled between Galiano Island and Tsawwassen.

Avis India plans to invest Rs 200 cr to expand fleetAvis India plans to invest Rs 200 cr to expand fleet
LIC to invest Rs 3 trillion in markets this year: Chairman SK RoyLIC to invest Rs 3 trillion in markets this year: Chairman SK Roy
ICICI Bank s Chanda Kochhar  others in Fortune list of powerful Asia-Pacific womenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

La palme du cool revient  cette musiciennePrevious Story
Next Story
VIDÉO. Un papillon vient se poser sur le visage de cette flûtiste en pleine compétition mais impertubable
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
INSOLITE - Oubliez Fonzie, la nouvelle idole du cool se nomme Yukie Ota. D'origine japonaise, cette flûtiste basée à Chicago a fait le voyage jusqu'au Danemark, pour se qualifier pour le deuxième tour du très sélectif concours international de musique Carl Nielsen . Un rêve presque anéanti par...un papillon.
Alors que la musicienne interprétait une sonate de Pierre Sancan , l'insecte est venu se poser sur son front, avant de descendre jusqu'à son nez. Les plus chatouilleux se tortillent déjà sur leurs chaises, mais Yukie est restée imperturbable. Seul un bref coup d’œil vers le haut au moment de l'apparition du papillon semble trahir le fait que la jeune femme a bien conscience de ce qui est en train de se passer.
La radio américaine NPR a interrogé un spécialiste pour savoir ce qui avait bien pu attirer l'insecte. Est-ce la douce mélodie qui s'échappe de la flute de Yukie ? La réponse est bien moins poétique. Le docteur Bob Robbins, conservateur au musée Smithsonian d'histoire naturelle de Whashington, souligne "si vous regardez attentivement la vidéo vous pouvez voir que ce qui correspond à la langue du papillon est sortie". L'insecte cherchait simplement à se désaltérer avec quelques gouttes de transpiration. Une musicienne sous les projecteurs, à une compétition de haut niveau? Pas de doute, le papillon était venu à la bonne adresse…
Mais tous les efforts de Yukie Ota n'auront pas été vains, puisque la musicienne s'est bien qualifiée pour le deuxième tour de la compétition. Résultats le 20 septembre.
Lire aussi:

"Happy" en Iran: les auteurs du clip condamns  91 coups de fouet"Happy" en Iran: prison et coups de fouet (avec sursis) pour les auteurs du clip
Le HuffPost avec AFP
E-mail
Commenter
INTERNATIONAL – Le verdict est tombé pour les six jeunes Iraniens arrêtés en mai dernier pour avoir dansé sur la chanson de Pharrell Williams "Happy" dans une vidéo mise en ligne sur YouTube. Ils ont écopé de six mois de prison et 91 coups de fouet tandis que le réalisateur du clip est condamné à un an d'emprisonnement et 91 coups de fouet également. Ces condamnations sont toutefois assorties d'un sursis de trois ans.
La vidéo filmée sur les toits de Téhéran avait provoqué la colère des milieux conservateurs, estimant que les Iraniens, en particulier les jeunes, délaissent les valeurs islamiques pour se tourner vers un mode de vie plus occidental.
Lire aussi : En Iran, des hommes portent le voile "juste pour rire"
L'annonce de l'arrestation des six jeunes, libérés sous caution quelques jours plus tard, avait inondé les réseaux sociaux, de nombreux Iraniens se disant choqués et certains observateurs se demandant si "être heureux en Iran est un crime".
Les auteurs de la vidéo avaient été arrêtés pour "vulgarité" et pour avoir "heurté la chasteté du public". Circonstances aggravantes, les femmes étaient non voilées. 
Lire aussi :

Retail investors rush to buy Alibaba IPORetail investors rush to buy Alibaba IPO
By Reuters | 20 Sep, 2014, 01.25AM IST
As of Monday, 88 per cent of American consumers had not even heard of Alibaba, according to an Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
The biggest initial public offering of all time appears to have finally gotten US retail investors' attention.
Two weeks ago, brokerage firms and financial advisers were hearing practically nothing from clients about Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which went public Friday.
But today, investors at TD Ameritrade and Fidelity Investments rushed to place orders for shares of the Chinese e-commerce provider, which is a juggernaut in China and has higher sales figures than both Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc combined.
Pre-market investor orders at TD Ameritrade Holding Corp for shares of Alibaba Holding Corp surpassed the number of orders placed before the Facebook initial public offering, according to the firm.
Similarly, at Fidelity Investments' brokerage arm, orders for Alibaba were running 10 per cent higher than they had for Facebook, according to a source familiar with the situation, who wished to remain anonymous because he was not permitted to speak to the media on the matter.
Meanwhile, financial advisers, many of whom just weeks ago were saying they were surprised at the lack of interest in Alibaba, have been flooded with calls from clients interested in buying shares of the company in the past 48 hours.
"I think as the chatter has increased and the date of the IPO got closer, investors are deciding to get in," said Alan Haft, a Newport California-based financial adviser, who has seen the number of clients who want to buy shares almost double in the past few days. "The common thread I hear is 'this is the Amazon of China.'"
As of Monday, 88 per cent of American consumers had not even heard of Alibaba, according to an Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters.
The surge in orders for Alibaba at TD Ameritrade took the brokerage's executives by surprise, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at the firm. Just two weeks ago the number of client inquiries about the Alibaba IPO at TD Ameritrade was around a quarter of what it was for Facebook and about half of what it was for Twitter Inc.
Many investors have become more comfortable with the idea of investing in Alibaba given all of the media coverage around the company in the past couple of hours. "They realize it is not a fly by night company," Kinahan said.
As of mid-day, Alibaba accounted for about 15 per cent of all retail client trades at TD Ameritrade, according to the company.
In the past two days, James Gambaccini, a Fairfax, Virginia-based independent financial adviser, said he had received at least 75 e-mails and calls from clients interested in buying shares.
"It's all they have been hearing about on the news over the last day so they want to know what it's all about," he said.
Retail investors generally get only 10 per cent to 20 per cent of shares in big IPOs.
The offer, which was distributed at $68 per share in the IPO, began trading at $92.70 at 11:53 a.m. EDT (1553 GMT) on the New York Stock Exchange.

Indians miss Alibaba IPO due to lack of investment facilitiesIndians could not invest in Alibaba IPO due to lack of overseas investment facilities
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 11.02AM IST
(RBI allows Indian investors…)
MUMBAI: As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba lists on the US bourses on Friday after raising $21.8 billion through the biggest-ever initial public offering (IPO), various affluent investors in India are rueing a missed opportunity. Many of them have been unable to apply to the muchhyped Alibaba IPO as most domestic brokerage houses are not keen on offering facilities for investing in stock markets overseas as they are unviable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allows Indian investors to invest up to $1,25,000 (about Rs 75 lakhs) overseas every financial year under the liberalised remittance scheme.
When the Indian central bank had liberalised overseas investment limits during the previous decade, many brokerages had jumped on the bandwagon and tied up with foreign firms to offer international broking services to their rich clients. But they did not find much interest for the services among Indian investors.
"Barring select IPOs, there is not much interest among investors. It is not possible for us to actively research or advise on overseas stocks. Hence, we do not register new clients for overseas trading," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking, Kotak Securities.
To invest in overseas equities directly or in an initial public offer (IPO), investors need to open a separate trading account with an overseas broker. This can be done if the local broker has a tieup with an overseas broker. Alternatively, a trading account can also be opened directly with international brokers like Interactive Brokers, which have a physical presence in Mumbai. But, only a few are aware of it or they are not comfortable starting another relationship.
Brokers cite tough regulations in overseas markets as the reason for not offering overseas trading accounts. For example, to offer trading on the US stock exchanges, a broker will have to comply with the US SEC norms. If there is any dispute, the court of jurisdiction will be in the US. "The regulatory environment is fluid and the risks associated are too high," said Jyotheesh Kumar, vice-president, HDFC Securities.
From an investor's viewpoint, opening a trading account and maintaining it could be tough. Besides higher documentation, many brokerage houses insist on maintaining margins of more than $10,000 (about Rs 6 lakh) in the broking account.
Unlike Indian brokerages, which charge a percentage of the trade value, many US brokers charge a minimum fee of at least 5-6 % per trade, making transactions in low-value trades costlier. Also, there are fees to be paid to the bank for remitting funds overseas.
"If a client does not trade or is inactive for a year, many international brokerages may even terminate the account," said Jyotheesh Kumar. This upsets the client, who may not understand the need for strict compliance and may hold the domestic brokerage house responsible, thereby disturbing the local relationship.
There are also restrictions on the domestic broker on communication with clients. As per regulations, a domestic broker cannot call the client, send emails or SMSes or solicit business. Going against any of these rules could mean a violation. Brokerage officials said there is not much in terms of revenue that the local firm stands to earn in the arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat should become mass movement: ModiMinistry of Rural Development
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of the launch of the Mission Swachh Bharat on October 2, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the mission should become the agenda of the entire country in the form of a mass movement.
Chairing a high-level meeting for reviewing preparations for the launch of the mission Modi said "the mission should become the agenda of the entire country in the form of a mass movement to be launched on October 2, with the aim of creating a clean India by 2019."
The activities on October 2 should not be limited to the Prime Minister`s functions in the national capital, he said.
Activities related to cleanliness should be undertaken in every village across the country, the Prime Minister said while highlighting the need for working together with state governments to make this mission a success.
"Gandhiji should be our inspiration for Swachh Bharat", he added.
Modi also highlighted the need for creating a legal architecture that would institutionalize the mission at all levels upto the village.
He asked the Ministry of Rural Development to explore the possibility of incentivizing best-performing villages and called for standards of cleanliness to be established for government offices.
The Prime Minister underlined the importance of creating specific roles for various public representatives, including MPs , MLAs , Sarpanches etc.
Union Ministers of Urban Development, Rural Development, Human Resource Development and Information & Broadcasting presented their concepts on the mission.
Towns along the bank of Ganga and its tributaries will be accorded top priority in mission Swachh Bharat, a release added.
Meanwhile, in his tweet today, Modi said "Compose a song that captures the essence of Mission Swachh Bharat & inspires others to join the movement".
It comes in the backdrop of the Prime Minister seeking people's views about Mission Swachh Bharat in an effort to reaching out to the people for his ambitious project for a clean India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC tells CBI: Dont file fresh closure reports in coal block casesYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
CBI won't file any coal scam chargesheet, says Supreme Court
IANS Sep 19, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Tags:
CBI
(The apex court bench of Chief…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday restrained the CBI from filing any chargesheet or closure report in coal scam cases till it decides whether the investigating agency deputed director Ranjit Sinha to deal with the probe and prosecution for coal block allocation scam .
The apex court bench of Chief Justice R.M. Lodha , Justice Madan B. Lokur and Justice Kurian Joseph initially directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to not file any closure report till it decides on an application by NGO Common Cause.
The bench subsequently restrained the CBI from filing the chargesheet in any case as it ordered status quo.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Border dispute halts Indo-China businessArunachal Pradesh
(?The lacklustre joint…)
NEW DELHI: High hopes of a historical new beginning gave way to legacy differences over geography as Chinese President Xi Jinping returned home after a 3-day trip that saw New Delhi and Beijing refusing to yield even an inch over the status quo that puts politics ahead of business co-operation.
The lacklustre joint statement — a wrap-up of the discussions and outcomes at the big meeting — issued on Friday was reflective of the fact that the visit did not go as per expectations. The statement, said foreign policy experts, was less comprehensive than the recent ones India had signed with Australia or Japan after the Narendra Modi government came to power.
"It was impractical to keep boundary dispute separate from the overall relationship. While China made territorial dispute with Japan and Vietnam as core of their ties, they tried to keep boundary dispute separate from other aspects of relations vis-a-vis India. That was not feasible," former foreign secretary Kanwal Sibal told ET.
There was no forward movement on the visa issue with China refusing to stop the practice of issuing stapled visas to those from Arunachal Pradesh - that Beijing claims is disputed territory. Accordingly, India did not agree to sign visa liberalisation agreement that would have smoothened the visit of Chinese professionals here. But the bigger disappointment was on the economic front.
There were reports earlier, fuelled by a Chinese diplomat's statement, that Beijing will offer a $100-billion investment with a focus on infrastructure. What finally translated was $20 billion worth of investments. ET has learnt that the two countries failed to agree on core issues in the run-up to the visit, including visa liberalisation, and this probably shaped Beijing's commitment to reduce the value of proposed investments across variety of sectors, primarily infrastructure.
There was no commitment on 'One China Policy' either before the trip or in the joint statement. While no Sino-Indian joint statement since 2010 refers to 'One China Policy' (reference to Taiwan as a part of mainland China), the Chinese expected that a new government in Delhi would make an exception, official sources said.
Days ahead Xi's arrival, Liu Youfa, China's consul-general in Mumbai, had told reporters that Beijing will commit investments of over $100 billion or thrice the investments committed by Japan during the President's visit next. However, what was put on paper was just $20 billion, which ET has learnt is a consequence of India's unrelenting position on various regional issues.
There are speculations as to what prompted the Chinese diplomat to commit that figure and whether he could have done it without consent from Beijing, given the way the tightly controlled Chinese system works.
  Besides, the Chinese were understandably upset over protests by Tibetans in close proximity of the venue of Xi-Modi talks, Dalai Lama's TV interaction in Mumbai and a conclave on Buddhist artefacts in Tibet in Delhi, according to informed sources. Delhi also did not commit to Beijing's grand strategy to revive Maritime Silk Route due to its security implications in the Indian Ocean Region. Also, it was made clear that peace and stability is necessity for BCIM corridor. These, noncommittal, postures, also did not go down well in Beijing, according to well-informed sources.
Another key area of discord was India's decision to invest in oil wealth in South China Sea region. The joint statement, which devoted considerable portion on developing economic linkages, also talked about resolving boundary dispute as a "strategic objective". "Peace and tranquility on the India-China border areas was recognised as an important guarantor for the development and continued growth of bilateral relations," read the statement. On Friday, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Congress President Sonia Gandhi and former PM Manmohan Singh called on the Chinese President.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi seeks report from ministriesNarendra Modi seeks Action Taken Report from ministries on work done in first 100 days
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 07.26AM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
(The review of the achievements…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who begins review of the work done by ministries in the first 100 days, has called a meeting with them on Saturday next week. A missive sent to the ministries has also sought an 'Action Taken Report' from them by Saturday this week. "An action taken report has been sought on the work done in the first 100 days of the government.
We have also been called for a meeting on Saturday next week by the Prime Minister's Office (PMO)," said an official in the know. The review of the achievements in the first 100 days has come after the ministries announced the same to the public through media conferences.
The civil aviation ministry, in its report card, has announced that it will continue to focus on increasing connectivity in under-serviced areas of the country and the Airports Authority of India will develop five no-frills airports - one each in Arunachal Pradesh , Odisha and Rajasthan, and two in Karnataka - during the current financial year. The airports, which have been shortlisted from 50 cities and towns in remote areas across the country, will be built in Teju in Arunachal Pradesh, Jharsuguda in Odisha, Krishna Nagar in Rajasthan and Hubli and Belgaum in Karnataka.
The civil aviation ministry has also made efforts to get back Category I status from the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA), which has agreed to audit India again. Another audit is likely to fetch Category I tag for India, as the US regulator is satisfied with the work done by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation to regain the status.
During the first 100 days, the ministry has reviewed as many as 12,977 files; 3,839 have been recorded while 9,146 files have been weeded out. The ministry has also launched 'know-yourrights portal' that will provide information on the rights of passengers in cases of delays, cancellation and denied boarding, lost, delayed, misplaced and damaged baggage; and on matters related to booking, airfare components and refund of air tickets.
While other ministries have announced work done by them in the first 100 days, the Opposition isn't pleased. The Congress has said the story till now "is only of slogans and more slogans. The nation is worried at what lies in store for India for the remaining tenure of this government", the party said in a booklet reviewing Modi government's 100 days in office.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC to begin oil production from KG block in 2019E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China to Give Foreign Banks Easier Market AccessYou are here: Home Global Economy
China to Give Foreign Banks Easier Market Access
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 20, 2014 18:12 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Beijing: In a major bid to liberalise its banking sector, China has announced that it will lift a ban on foreign banks from opening more than one branch in a Chinese city, a move which could lead to Indian banks setting up more branches in the country.
"Foreign banks with sound risk controls and operation should be allowed to open more new branches in one city to enhance their capability to bolster the real economy," the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) was quoted as saying by the state-run Xinhua news agency.
As one of the moves to make the market access conditions for Chinese and foreign banks "more uniform," the CBRC also decided to abolish the "minimum operating capital" for setting up a branch bank.
Instead, a branch bank can be established so long as the applicant has the "disbursement capabilities for operating capital" and "operating funding is in place when the new branch is set up."
Putting them on an equal footing with Chinese banks, once operationalised the step will allow foreign banks to introduce e-banking and debit card services without requiring any approval from authorities, the report said.
The new regulations leave registration capital requirements for wholly foreign-owned banks unchanged.
They still must have a minimum registration capital of one billion yuan (about $162.8 million) to set up financial institutions in China.
The new move could lead Indian banks speed up their efforts to open more branches in China. Currently SBI has opened two branches in China -- one in Shanghai and another in port city of Tianjin.
About seven Indian banks have representative offices in different cities in China while four including SBI have opened their branches mainly to take advantage of the burgeoning India-China bilateral trade.
Though the balance of trade is tilted heavily in favour of China, averaging about $35 billion a year, Indian banks which mostly cash-in on Line of Credit and financing of export-import businesses show interest in opening branches as they seek to leverage business from both Indian and Chinese firms.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 18:11 (IST)

Govt to roll out MSMEs policy soonGovt to roll out MSMEs policy soon
Abhishek Law
Kalraj Mishra,
Kolkata, Sept 20:  
The Centre is likely to bring in a new micro small and medium enterprise (MSMEs) policy over the next three to four months. Work on it has already begun.
According to Kalraj Mishra, Union MSME Minister, the policy would not just look at clearing the grey areas in the definition of the MSMEs, but clearances for setting up small businesses would also be accorded online.
“We are hopeful of the rolling out the MSME policy in place over the next 3 to 4 months. Work on it has begun,” he said on the sidelines of a seminar organised by the MCC Chamber of Commerce and Industry here on Saturday.
According to Mishra, the ministry is working on setting up of Credit Guarantee Trust Fund to extend liberal packages to MSME. State governments have been urged to contribute to the scheme and help promote the MSME sector.
“If you provide Rs 100 crore for this, a collateral free loan of Rs 1,000 crore would be offered for promotion of MSME under the Credit Guarantee Fund Scheme,” he said explaining the working of the scheme.
Bank financing and marketing of products are also being looked into, the Minister pointed out.
The general procedures as well as procurement procedures would be vastly simplified in the new policy.
Steps would also be taken to ensure registration of MSMEs and simplify processes relating to the same.
The focus of the new policy, he said, would also be to push entrepreneurship, encourage start-ups and bring-in more women entrepreneurs into the MSME sector.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

A round of questions with Subhash KhotUpdated: September 21, 2014 03:51 IST
A round of questions with Subhash Khot
Shubashree Desikan
celebrity
Interview with the Rolf Nevanlinna Prize winner
This year, the International Mathematical Union awarded the Rolf Nevanlinna prize to Subhash Khot, Professor of computer science at New York University. The Indian-American computer scientist is known for having defined the Unique Games Conjecture. His work has achieved breakthroughs in algorithm design, approximation hardness and more.
The Rolf Nevanlinna prize is awarded once every four years for outstanding contribution in mathematical aspects of information sciences. It is given to mathematicians under forty years.
You grew up in Ichalkaranji – which may not have had the best facilities, such as libraries. How did you work around this to study advanced mathematics?
Ichalkaranji is a large town with about 250,000 people. However, there was zero awareness of math and science research and zero facilities. Almost no one had heard of the IITs or the Math Olympiad. The only things people knew about were the board exams.
How did you get to know about these?
It was a stroke of luck. The students in my town would prepare for the Class X and XII exams and a few competitive exams including the National Talent Search exam. They prepare quite well, but what it lacked was awareness of what lies beyond the Tenth grade, of higher math or research. Everyone focussed on the State board exams so that they could go to a good college.
As luck would have it, my high school teacher Mr Gogate paid a lot of attention to what students were studying. He gave us books and so on, but he wasn’t familiar with higher maths. One day Prof Katre, who was a professor at University of Pune was visiting Mr Gogate (he grew up in Ichalkaranji and his family used to be tenants of my school teacher) and I happened to meet him. He suggested that I appear for the Mathematics Olympiad [and told me]what books I should read. He also suggested a school in Pune – Bhaskaracharya Prathisthan – where I could study and develop my mathematics.
Once I entered into the Math Olympiad stream, things happened automatically. I had to study on my own, but when I went to Bhaskaracharya Prathisthan, I met students from other cities, and heard about the IIT exam. But I had to prepare on my own – which was a good thing because when you learn everything the hard way, you learn better.
What books did you read then?
I read many science books when I was in high school – Russian science books published by Mir Publishers which were translated into Marathi. This was remarkable. The headmaster also had some NCERT textbooks which were very good.
You topped the IIT entrance exam, how did it feel then?
I wasn’t surprised to be in the top ten or twenty ranks. This was because I studied using the material from Brilliant Tutorials. They used to conduct onsite exams every six months. These would be attended by students from all over the country, and they would give you a rank. I always used to be among the top five or ten students, so I knew I would do well. But standing first was like winning a lottery, involving lots of luck.
When you topped IIT JEE you chose to pursue Computer Science at IIT Bombay. What guided this choice?
I had never seen a computer before I reached IIT Bombay, but I had studied a fair amount of mathematics. I knew that many of my senior students in the Math Olympiad programme were also top rankers in IIT-JEE and had chosen to pursue Computer Science. Also, my cousin was in IIT Bombay (3 years older than me). He told me that the study the mathematical aspects of computer science was essentially mathematics. This was useful information to have.
Both your parents were doctors, how did you get interested in mathematics?
I was attracted to physics, chemistry and mathematics when I was young. But it occurred to me that underlying all this is mathematics. In order to understand the sciences, one has to understand mathematics. Then came the Math Olympiad. When I started solving challenging problems, it became a natural choice for me.
How was the environment at IIT-Bombay?
Moving from a small town to Bombay was a bit difficult in the beginning. Also, I was not so comfortable with English. But it was not so bad, as it was within the same State as my hometown, so I knew the local language, Marathi. I also had a cousin there. He was there for a year after I joined and helped me get into the system.
But the real tragedy struck when within a month of joining, my father died. I had to cope with that. On the academic front I was very strong and well prepared so I could take it.
A major difference was that the teachers were real experts. For the first time (apart from the teachers I met in the Math Olympiad programme) I was meeting people who could answer my questions. My friends and classmates were also good at the subjects and there was a serious but healthy competition. There was no negative side to it.
Can you tell us about how you formulate the questions you work on?
As it happens in many areas, in mathematics also, there are open questions – those which are universally recognised as important questions. Typically, I chose some of these important problems. In some cases, I was able to solve them. In some other cases, in the process of attempting to solve them, I came up with new questions or even new approaches to answer them. There was a class of questions that researchers were stuck with and I came up with the Unique Games Conjecture which is an approach to these problems.
What is the motivation to do theoretical computer science? Can you talk about your work?
The main motivation behind theoretical computer science is to solve computational problems fast.
We know and use a computer because we want to run applications. For instance, we use Google maps to find the direction, say, from Bangalore to Delhi. It gives the solution within a fraction of a second and makes sure it is optimum. What is being done? The computer is running an algorithm to find the best or optimal direction. Different apps require different algorithms. Theoretical computer scientists design these algorithms. These algorithms have to run fast. Designing and implementing algorithms are different things.
If you investigate this further to discover for which computational problem you can design fast algorithms, you will see that there is a mathematical reason why you cannot design a better algorithm for some problems.
Take this problem. Start at one city and you visit all the major cities in India and come back. You have to find the route which takes the minimum time to do this. Is it possible to find such a route? Computer scientists believe that it cannot be done. There is no fast algorithm to solve the tour problem, but perhaps we can find the solution that will take nearly (approximately) the minimum time? Indeed, it is possible to find an algorithm with nearly the minimum time.
This idea of finding approximate solutions, that’s more or less what I work on.
When did you get to hear about being selected for the Nevanlinna prize? How do you feel about it?
I was told in the first week of March. I had to keep it a secret from all except my closest family upto August. These members of my family accompanied me to the congress in Seoul. It was a bit difficult to keep the secret, especially from my school teacher, who would have been so happy.
It was nice, but not super surprising. Because this prize is given to mathematicians under forty and there are not that many candidates in a given year. I knew I was among the 5-10 candidates who may be given the prize. Still, when it happens it is a surprise.
The theoretical computer scientists already know about my work. This prize has brought it to the knowledge of people outside this group. But as far as my future research is concerned, the prize does not change anything much.

Adam Driver  hros ou mchant de Star Wars VII On a un indice...Star Wars 7: une photo volée aurait-elle révélé le véritable rôle de Adam Driver?
Le HuffPost
Commenter
Adam Driver, le supposé méchant de Star Wars épisode VII, jouerait-il en réalité un héros?
CINÉMA - Une photo de Adam Driver  postée originellement sur Facebook pourrait bien avoir révélé son rôle dans le futur Star Wars, et ça change tout. Malgré le mystère qui entoure le premier volet à venir de la nouvelle trilogie de J.J. Abrams, de nombreux internautes semblaient persuadés que l'ancien acteur de Girls jouerait un Sith , ennemi juré des Jedi. En Février, Variety annonçait même qu'il jouerait sans doute un personnage "dans la veine de Dark Vador". Pas vraiment un enfant de choeur, donc.
Grave erreur, au vu de la dernière photo du tournage qui a fuitée. Adam Driver y apparaît vêtu d'une combinaison orange typique de la flotte aérienne des Rebelles , qui veulent rétablir la paix dans la galaxie. De fait, on sait que les emblématiques vaisseaux X-Wing seront de la partie pour ce septième épisode, mais sans qu'on sache jusqu'à présent qui serait aux commandes.
Hey @ReillyAround @SchmoesKnow looks like adam driver is gonna be a good guy in episode 7 pic.twitter.com/W8bRLspvXQ
— Henrick Urena (@henricku75) 15 Septembre 2014
Prudence toutefois, mettent en garde nos confrères du HuffPost US. D'une part la photo reste relativement floue. Autre possibilité: que le personnage ait en réalité mal tourné, à la manière d'un Anakin qui finira par passer du côté obscur de la force. Dernière possibilité: la fameuse flotte se battrait-elle désormais pour des causes moins nobles? On n"ose y croire. Autant de questions qui ne trouveront de réponses qu'en décembre 2015, lors de la sortie officielle du film.
Lire aussi:

Alize dvoile son tatouage de couplePHOTOS. Alizée et Grégoire Lyonnet : leur tatouage de couple dévoilé sur Instagram
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
TATOUAGES - On connaissait les tatouages de l'amour de Jade et Arnaud Lagardère, voici ceux d'Alizée et de Grégoire Lyonnet, le danseur qui partage sa vie depuis "Danse avec les stars".
Alizée a dévoilé le tatouage commun du couple sur son compte Instagram mercredi 17 septembre. Grégoire Lyonnet porte l'inscription "One Life" (une vie) sur son avant bras, et la chanteuse "One Love" (un amour) sur le sien.
Une preuve d'amour indélébile pour ce couple formé lors des répétitions de l'émission "Danse avec les stars" en 2013. Les deux tourtereaux (qui ont aussi la même montre) n'hésitent pas à afficher leur bonheur sur le réseau social, y compris en posant avec la fille d'Alizée, Annilly , 9 ans.
LIRE AUSSI

Students  protest continue in KolkataStudents' protest continue in Kolkata
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Students of Jadavpur University hold a sit-in demonstration demanding resignation of the VC, pro-VC and registrar of the University on Saturday. - Ashoke Chakrabarty
PTI Students of Jadavpur University take part in a rally 'March to Governor House' in Kolkata on Saturday to protest against the police excesses over their agitation against molestation of the university girl.
Kolkata, Sept 20:  
In the beginning it was merely a students’ protest against Jadavpur University (JU) authorities. A brutal police action inside the university campus made it headline news. Instead of dousing the fire, the entire state administration backed the police action.
The result: on Saturday, the city witnessed a huge apolitical rally of students, perhaps the first one of such scale, ever since the Mamata Banerjee government came to power in 2011. To the concern of the Banerjee-led government, the rally was joined by thousands of commoners.
Braving the odds, thousands took to the streets demanding a probe into alleged police action on students; and resignation of the varsity’s vice-chancellor, Abhijit Chakrabarti, and other senior officials.
The protest march brought traffic across central and parts of south Kolkata to a stand-still.
While the students have called-off their demonstration following the intervention of the Governor, KN Tripathi; a meeting of all students have been called on Monday, September 22.
“Our movement has got in-principle support from the Governor and we are withdrawing the sit-in demonstration. All students will assemble at the Jadavpur University premises on Monday. We have not withdrawn our agitation and demand for justice,” a student representative who met the Governor said.
The Governor is also the Chancellor of the University.
The Stand-Off
Initially, the protest was restricted within the campus. However, demanding justice, the students gheraoed the varsity’s Vice Chancellor (VC) and two other officials that include the Pro-VC and Registrar on September 16.
The police was then called in to break the gherao on the wee hours of September 17 leading to alleged lathi-charge. The VC said he had feared his life and hence sought help from the police. This triggered a wave of protest within the campus; which subsequently spread across through social media and through chat-apps.
Fanning the fire, the State Education Minister,Partha Chatterjee, justified police action and stood by the VC. Similarly, the city police commissioner also denied allegations of lathi-charge.
Mass Protest
On Saturday, protestors began the rally from Nandan, the cultural hub of the city. Protestors were scheduled to meet the Governor, KN Tripathi. The rally was however, stopped near Mayo Road by the police.
Initially, protestors threatened go on an indefinite sit-in demonstration if their demands were not met.
Eight students, representing the protestors, met the Governor. And after a one-and-a-half hour meeting they temporarily withdrew the sit-in demonstration.
“We will decide on the next course of our agitation on Monday,” the student representative said.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Marsh s sixes take Scorchers to victoryMarsh does a 'Double Miandad' to win thriller for Perth
CLT20, GAME 4 — Dolphins concede two sixes off last two balls to lose by six wickets.
By Karthik Krishnaswamy | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014 7:25 PM IST
Tweet
0
Perth Scorchers 165 for 4 (Simmons 48, Whiteman 45, Marsh 40*) beat Dolphins 164 for 7 (Zondo 63*, Behrendorff 3-46) by six wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
On February 7, in the final of the Big Bash League, Mitchell Marsh smashed a 12-ball 37 to take Perth Scorchers from 144 for 3 in the end of the 17th over to a 20-over total of 191 for 4. Scorchers won the match by 39 runs. Two days later in the final of the Ram Slam T20 Challenge, Robbie Frylinck defended 14 runs off the last over to win the match for Dolphins.
Marsh exults after winning the game.
For the first four balls, Frylinck's length was un-hittable. Scorchers scored only four runs, and lost Ashton Agar, who simply couldn't get any elevation on his attempted lap over short fine leg. Fifth ball, the pressure told on the bowler. Marsh came down the track, and out came a waist-high full-toss that disappeared over the leg-side boundary. It could have been called a no-ball, but the umpires - S Ravi and Rod Tucker - let it go.
Six from one, then. Frylinck searched for the yorker, and bowled a low full-toss. Marsh got under it and struck it so cleanly that he was running back to his team's dugout, bat aloft, even before the ball had cleared the boundary. With a combination of tight bowling from Frylinck and Kyle Abbott and a lack of fluency with the bat, Scorchers had come close to losing the match despite losing only four wickets in a chase of 165. Thanks to Marsh, they had squeaked over the line in an exciting finish that made up for some fairly tedious cricket till that point.
Craig Simmons, opening for Scorchers, had struggled to time his leg-side heaves, but had managed to keep the chase going at a decent run-rate with a 36-ball 48. Sam Whiteman had been a little more fluent on his way to a 32-ball 45, lap-sweeping and driving inside-out through cover. They put on 55 for the second wicket at close to nine-and-a-half an over, but the partnership had begun with Scorchers on the back foot, having scored only 14 in their first four overs for the loss of Adam Voges.
Scorchers were still behind the required rate when Whiteman holed out in the 16th over, and Marsh - on 12 off 14 at that point - and new man Ashton Agar were left needing to score 47 from 25 balls. With a mixture of decent placement down the ground and luck - Agar was dropped in the covers in the 18th over, and he found the third-man boundary via the outside edge off Abbott - they kept Scorchers in the hunt, but it still required a couple of nervy full-tosses and nerveless hits to take them over the line.
Batting first, Dolphins were three down inside two overs, with Morne van Wyk , Cody Chetty and Cameron Delport discovering the pitfalls of slogging across the line against the left-arm swing of Joel Paris and Jason Behrendorff. But they continued to go after the bowling. Khaya Zondo played himself in at one end, while Keshav Maharaj and Daryn Smit played their shots.
The run-rate, as a result, kept them in the hunt for a biggish total, but they kept losing wickets. Dolphins were 46 for 4 at the end of the Powerplay overs, and 77 for 5 after 10. They lost two more wickets by the 15th over, but by then Zondo had clicked into gear, taking guard outside leg stump or outside off to throw the bowlers off their lines, and pulling with authority whenever they dropped short. With Andile Phehlukwayo and Frylinck demonstrating Dolphins' much-talked-about batting depth, 46 came off the last four overs, and Dolphins looked to have put their poor start behind them.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

G-20 says close to goal of $2 trillion in growthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Five global chains set to spark off burger w...Five global chains set to spark off burger war in India
By John Sarkar, TNN | 21 Sep, 2014, 10.46AM IST
0
Share More
Over the last few months, five of top burger chains, including Burger King, Fatburger, Johnny Rockets & Wendy's, have announced their entry in India.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
It's a fast food favourite that got off to a slow start, but India is finally flipping on burgers. Over the last few months, five of the top burger chains in the world, including Burger King , Fatburger, Johnny Rockets and Wendy's, have announced their entry into the country.
"This is just the beginning," says Samir Chopra, group chairman of Cybiz Corp which is bringing American burger restaurant chain Carl's Jr to India. He attributes the growing popularity of burgers in the country to the fact that unlike pizza, a burger is a more convenient form of fast food. "When it comes to pizzas, a slice is finger food. But in most cases, you have to order a whole pizza. A burger can be quickly ordered and had on the go," he says, revealing that Carl's Jr will start operations this year with 100 outlets across Delhi, Gurgaon, Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Mumbai, Pune and Ahmedabad, with plans to scale up to around 1,000 restaurants.
Wendy's, the third largest hamburger chain in the US, plans to make its India debut in the first quarter of 2015. Johnny Rockets — which positions itself as a 'better burger' chain with prices of approx Rs 300 a burger — has already opened in Delhi, and next up is Mumbai. Burger King, which created a stir in Japan last week with an all-black burger, comes to Mumbai and Delhi by the end of this year, and plans to open outlets in Ahmedabad, Mumbai and Surat by January 2015.
According to market research firm Crisil , the Indian fast food market is set to double in size from Rs 3,500 crore in 2012 to Rs 7,000 crore over the next two years. The total size of India's burger market is estimated to be around Rs 1,000 crore. The unorganized sector accounts for 40 per cent of sales while McDonald's controls 75 per cent of the market share in the organized sector. "There is room for everyone to grow," says Dhruv Kaul , chief marketing officer with KFC India , which introduced a paneer Zinger burger this year.
Interestingly, nearly 75 per cent of all burgers sold in the country are vegetarian. "Most Indians prefer vegetarian burgers and love spicy flavours. We have many more in the pipeline," says Kaul. Carl's Jr took three years to re-engineer their menu for India. "Sixty percent of the menu will be vegetarian," says Chopra. Fatburger, which launched in Gurgaon's Cyber Hub, is also focusing on veg options and Indian flavours such as Amritsari onion rings.
Page 1 of 2

1L  and counting: TCS is now top employer of...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: In a landmark for India Inc, the number of female employees at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has crossed the one-lakh mark, making it the country's biggest employer of women in the private sector. Women now comprise one-third of the IT major's 3.06 lakh workforce. This makes TCS, also the most valued company in India, one of the top employers of women in the technology sector globally. The top slot is held by IBM , which has an estimated 1.3 lakh women out of a workforce of 4.31 lakh.
In terms of market cap, the next two players in the domestic IT market are Infosys (54,537 women employees) and Wipro (45,276) but the female workforce of TCS is more than the two combined. The IT and BPO sector collectively employs about 3.1 million, of which nearly one million are women, according to industry body Nasscom .
The Mumbai-headquartered IT giant's achievement has also given a boost to the $103-billion Tata Group's female employee strength, which now stands at more than 1.4 lakh. "We have a lot of female talent in India, especially in the technology space. It's great to see that the company has been able to attract them. From 10,000 to 1,00,000, that is a growth of about 10x in 10 years," N Chandrasekaran , CEO and MD, TCS, told TOI.
In India, across companies and sectors, the gender ratio is undeniably skewed towards male employees. However, India Inc has been stepping up efforts to bridge the gap by implementing progressive policies and creating innovative solutions to hire, retain and encourage women talent. "Diversity challenges homogeneity in thinking, which is a good thing. There is no doubt that we want to be a rich and diverse organization," said the TCS boss. There have been several research reports which indicate that women think differently than men, and bring more empathy and intuition to leadership.
Within TCS, a major chunk —over 40 per cent — of its women employees are either new recruits or at junior levels, while about 11 per cent are in the senior management.
Though the tech giant has improved its gender diversity, it sees significant attrition after women rise to the mid-management level. To check this trend, the company has introduced steps like extended maternity leave options, flexi-work hours and onsite child-care facilities. It also has re-orientation courses that help women integrate seamlessly into the workforce on their return from a career break. Besides, it has mentoring programmes to groom women candidates with high potential for leadership roles.
"While the one lakh figure may sound good, it is important for me to create a mechanism that ensures women continue to pursue careers. Because women diversity comes down as you go higher," said Chandrasekaran. Women are scarce at the company's leadership rank and non-existent at the board level. The government mandates at least one woman director in listed companies like TCS by March 31, 2015.
Besides attrition, women's safety is another matter of concern. "We are creating emergency technology applications. We have also informed our employees to not leave alone in case they are working till late as a precautionary measure,'' said Chandrasekaran, who has set an internal target of zero incident. TCS has launched a safety app which automatically sends distress messages along with location details to a set of pre-designated contacts and also calls up one of them.

Top 4 Sensex companies lose Rs 39 391 cr in market valuationTop 4 Sensex companies lose Rs 39,391 cr in market valuation
PTI
The m-cap of ONGC declined by Rs 20,661.51 crore to Rs 3,46,497.35 crore during the week, while that of Coal India tumbled Rs 7,642.8 crore to Rs 2,18,451.46 crore.
New Delhi, Sep 21:  
Four of the top-10 Sensex firms suffered a combined loss of Rs 39,391.49 crore from their market valuation last week, with State-run ONGC taking the steepest hit.
While ONGC, RIL, CIL and SBI suffered losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), TCS, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma together added Rs 26,758.27 crore in valuation.
The m-cap of ONGC declined by Rs 20,661.51 crore to Rs 3,46,497.35 crore, while that of Coal India tumbled Rs 7,642.8 crore to Rs 2,18,451.46 crore.
RIL’s value fell by Rs 6,824.25 crore to Rs 3,21,677.70 crore and SBI lost Rs 4,262.93 crore to Rs 1,91,757.30 crore.
In contrast, TCS added Rs 20,018.2 crore to Rs 5,30,433.33 crore in its market valuation, while the m-cap of ITC rose by Rs 3,116.42 crore to Rs 2,86,634.60 crore.
Infosys’ value surged Rs 1,671.03 crore to Rs 2,12,550.65 crore, HDFC Bank (Rs 1,110.32 crore to Rs 2,07,568.71 crore), ICICI Bank (Rs 645.55 crore to Rs 1,81,714.77 crore) and Sun Pharma (Rs 196.75 crore to Rs 1,67,107.03 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number one position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 29.38 points to 27,090.42.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Replacement of Planning Commission still under considerationReplacement of Planning Commission ‘still under consideration’
PTI
In his Independence Day speech, the Prime Minister had announced that a new institution with a new soul would replace the Planning Commission.
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
The proposal to replace the Planning Commission with a new body, as announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is “still under consideration” of the Central Government.
In reply to an RTI query, the Planning Commission said the final decision, as and when it is taken, on its replacement will be put in the public domain.
The Planning Commission was asked to provide detail of its meetings with officials of the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) in this regard, copy of minutes of such meetings, and the name, structure, address and mandate of the proposed body.
“The proposal (to replace the Planning Commission with a new body) is still under consideration with the Government... As and when the final decision is taken by the Government of India, the same will be placed in the public domain,” the Plan panel said in its reply to the RTI application filed by PTI.
The Prime Minister is the Chairman of the Planning Commission, which works under the overall guidance of the National Development Council, according to its present mandate. The Deputy Chairman and the full-time members of the Commission, as a composite body, provide advice and guidance for the formulation of Five Year Plans, annual plans, State plans and monitoring plan programmes among others.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had announced that a new institution with a new soul will replace the Planning Commission.
The new body will lead the country based on creative thinking, public-private partnership, optimum utilisation of resources, utilisation of youth power of the nation, to promote the aspirations of State Governments seeking development, to empower the State Governments and to empower the federal structure, he had said.
“Very shortly, we are about to move in a direction when this institute would be functioning in place of the Planning Commission,” Modi had said.
The Congress had opposed the Government’s move, terming it a “knee-jerk and half-baked decision” and favoured a “restructuring instead of dismantling” of the panel.
Later on his Twitter posts, Modi had invited suggestions from people on the proposed body to replace the Plan panel.
“Inviting you to share your ideas on what shape the new institution to replace the Planning Commission can take,” he had tweeted.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Hope to be first Asian nation to reach Mars...ISRO
(Mars Orbiter Mission will…)
India's 50-year-old space odyssey will start a new chapter this week when an indigenously built spacecraft — affectionately called MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission) — attempts to enter the orbit around the Red Planet after a 680-million-km journey. The orbiting mission will take pictures and collect scientific data for about six months. The most nail-biting phase will begin early Wednesday when it executes the crucial Mars orbit insertion, a stage at which most missions have failed. Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan speaks about the challenge ahead.
With 72 hours left for the crucial Mars orbit insertion, how do you describe the level of anxiety among your colleagues?
There is no question of nervousness or tension. We have to stay cool and be prepared for any contingency.
How optimistic are you about the success of the mission?
We have done everything to make sure it succeeds. The spacecraft's propulsion system will play a major role during its entry to Mars. For this purpose we have tested the 440N liquid apogee motor for prolonged periods under a simulated environment and it performed flawlessly. But, then it has to restart in a real Martian environment on Wednesday. This will be a major challenge. To check on the state of this engine we will fire it for a mere four seconds at 2.30pm on Monday. If this is successful our team will have a high level of confidence about the orbit insertion. The spacecraft and its five payloads are in good health and checked regularly.
What happens if by chance the liquid apogee motor fails during Monday's small test?
Then we will be activating Plan B, which means firing only the eight thrusters of the spacecraft. For the Mars capture, the speed of the spacecraft has to come down from 22.1km per second to 4.4km per second in relation to Mars.
Your team has mixed feelings about Plan B because some believe that it could compromise the profile of the mission.
The implementation of Plan B will result in a new and larger orbit as the eight thrusters will fire for a longer period of time. I will not be disappointed because it is possible some new science may come out of it. Let's just wait and watch. Basically, our mission is to demonstrate that we have the capability to capture the Martian orbit and once this happens on Wednesday we can declare we have been successful. We will be the first Asian nation to have reached Mars in the first shot itself.
This is the cheapest mission at $71 million (Rs 450 crore). Even 'Gravity', the space film, cost $100 million. You also fast-tracked the project in a record 15 months. How did Isro accomplish this?
The rocket was already ready -the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle -so that saved both money and time. Also, some of the spacecraft's sub-systems were similar to those used by other spacecraft. These were some key factors that contributed to making it an inexpensive mission. Also, labour costs are low in India. As for the fast-tracking, all I can say is our team of young, dedicated scientists slogged almost 24x7 to achieve it.
  Two spacecraft will arrive at Mars almost simultaneously — Nasa's $671-million Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission on Monday and India's MOM two days later. Will there be any collaboration between the two?
There is a lot of contact between scientists of the two space agencies. Nasa's three ground stations at Goldstone in California, Madrid in Spain and Canberra in Australia have backed our mission and will monitor our orbit insertion. Since there will be complementary data from the two missions, scientists from both countries will collaborate to evaluate the information.
How will this Wednesday change how India looks at space research and science in general?
The entire nation has been with us on this mission and its success will make every Indian proud. It will also help inspire the younger generation take up science, technology, math and engineering.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Committed to take India-Japan relations to next levelCommitted to take India-Japan relations to next level
India s rising shooting star Jitu RaiIndia s rising shooting star Jitu Rai
FII inflows in debt market top Rs 1 lakh cr in 2014FII inflows in debt market top Rs 1 lakh cr in 2014
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian debt market since the beginning of the year primarily on account of the Government’s reform agenda.
According to the latest data, foreign investors have purchased debt securities worth Rs 2,82,194 crore in the year so far, while they offloaded bonds to the tune of Rs 1,64,820 crore during the same period, resulting in a net inflow of Rs 1,17,374 crore ($19.45 billion).
These huge inflows included a net investment of Rs 14,900 crore in this month so far.
According to market experts, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy, a decisive mandate to the BJP-led NDA at the Centre, various reform measures announced by the Government and a high interest rate have caught the fancy of overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and foreign portfolio investors).
The inflow is also significantly higher in debt compared to equities, which till date has attracted Rs 85,330 crore ($14.2 billion).
Interestingly, most of the inflow into Indian debt has gone into Government securities.
Since May 16, when the election results were announced, overseas investors have poured in close to Rs 86,000 crore in the Indian debt market, as the verdict met foreign investors’ expectations in the Lok Sabha polls.
In 2013, foreign investors had pulled out a net Rs 50,848 crore from the country’s bond market.
The strong inflows in recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors in the Indian debt market to Rs 2.22 lakh crore, while their investments in dollar terms is $44 billion.
This is based on data since November 1992 when overseas investors began investing in Indian markets.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related
FIIs infuse $1.5 bn so far this month
TOPICS

Alibaba founder Jack Ma: A bold and ambitious entrepreneurAlibaba founder Jack Ma: A bold and ambitious entrepreneur
Week Ahead: Markets likely to see wild swings ahead of F&O expiryWeek Ahead: Markets likely to see wild swings ahead of F&O expiry
ICICI chief Chanda Kochhar  others in Fortune list of powerful Asia-Pacific womenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

2G: Govt issues order for appointment of ED ...You are here: Home > Collections
Government issues order for permanent appointment of Enforcement Directorate officer in 2G scam
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 11.49AM IST
Tags:
2G scam
(The Finance Ministry, on…)
NEW DELHI: Acting on the directions of the Supreme Court , the government has issued fresh orders for permanent appointment of an Enforcement Directorate officer in the agency who has been tasked with the probe into the 2G spectrum allocation case.
The Finance Ministry, on September 13, issued orders for appointing Rajeshwar Singh as Deputy Director in the agency on "absorption basis with immediate effect".
The apex court had issued directions in this regard on September 8 after it was informed that Singh's appointment has not been made regular by the government despite an order from the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) which was issued in December last year.
Sources said Singh, who had proceeded on one-year sabbatical owing to lack of clarity over his continuance in the investigation agency, has taken over charge last week after the Finance Minister issued the orders.
Singh was appointed as an Investigating Officer (IO) in the ED's 2G spectrum probe team by the apex court.
While Additional Solicitor General (ASG) L Nageswara Rao, appearing for the Centre, had informed the top court during hearing that the money laundering probe in the 2G case and the Aircel-Maxis case was already over, the sources said, one remaining issue of breach of 74 per cent cap of FDI by the Maxis group in Aircel Ltd was still unfinished.
ED is also expected to file a separate charge sheet in the Aircel-Maxis deal after the CBI recently filed its investigation report in this case. The officer is set to take over these probes now.
The apex court, on May 1, had ordered that Singh not be taken away from the ongoing probe into 2G cases and directed that he would continue with the investigation till the completion of trial.
The order was passed after it was alleged that Singh was being transferred to his parent cadre in Uttar Pradesh Police where he was serving as a Deputy Superintendent of Police.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eight Indians in Fortune list of powerful womenArundhati Bhattacharya
(Other Indians on the list…)
NEW YORK: As many as eight Indian women, led by ICICI Bank chief Chanda Kochhar, have made it to the Fortune list of 25 most powerful women "shaping the new world order" in the Asia-Pacific region.
Kochhar, ranked highest among Indian women, has been ranked second across the region, while three others -- SBI's Arundhati Bhattacharya (4th), HPCL's Nishi Vasudeva (5th) and Axis Bank's Shikha Sharma (10th) -- have also made it to the top-10.
The list is topped by Australian banking major Westpac's chief Gail Kelly.
Other Indians on the top-25 list include Biocon chief Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (19th), National Stock Exchange CEO Chitra Ramkrishna (22nd), HSBC's Naina Lal Kidwai (23rd) and TAFE Chairman and CEO Mallika Srinivasan (25th).
Releasing the latest rankings, the Fortune magazine said that women around the world are continuing to win the top jobs, so much so that more than a third of the women on this Asia-Pacific list are making their debut in the coveted list, including two from India.
The two Indian new entrants are Bhattacharya and Vasudeva.
"More and more businesswomen are taking tougher jobs and helming bigger firms. More than a third of the women on our Asia-Pacific list are making their MPW (most powerful women) debut," Fortune said.
Among Indians, Bhattacharya is ranked second after Kochhar and is the first woman to hold the three-year post at SBI, who oversees a 208-year-old institution with $400 billion in assets and 218,000 employees dispersed among 16,000 bank branches across India.
On the other hand, Vasudeva, 58, became the first woman to head an Indian oil company and is "and one of only four women to helm a Global Fortune 500 firm in the Asia-Pacific region".
NSE's Ramakrishna is the only woman on the list heading a stock exchange.
Meanwhile, PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third among world's most powerful business woman by Fortune in its worldwide list. Nooyi is only Indian-origin woman on this year's global list, which has been topped by IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Miley Cyrus offusque le Mexique en se faisant fesser avec le drapeau nationalVIDÉO. Miley Cyrus offusque le Mexique en se faisant fesser avec le drapeau national
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
PEOPLE - Miley Cyrus risque 36 heures de détention ou une amende de 930 euros après son dernier concert au Mexique, à Monterrey. Qu'a fait notre apprentie délinquante? Aurait-elle saccagé sa chambre d'hôtel, ou insulté les douaniers? Rien de tout ça. L'État mexicain est très en colère car la chanteuse a twerké sur scène. Jusque là c'est la routine pour l'ancienne idole disney (et oui, on a tendance à l'oublier). Mais Miley, sans doute soucieuse de donner une touche folklorique à son concert, en a profité pour se faire fouetter les fesses par un de ses danseurs, avec un drapeau mexicain. Grave erreur, le pays ne plaisante pas avec ses emblèmes nationaux.
La pop star mexicaine Paulina Rubio l'a appris à ses dépends. La chanteuse a reçu une amende de plus de 3000 euros pour avoir posé nue sur la couverture d'un magazine espagnol, enroulée dans le drapeau mexicain. Dès lors, on n'ose imaginer ce que les mexicains ont pensé de la prestation de Miley. Francisco Trevino Cabello , du parti conservateur, a publiquement demandé des sanctions: "Ils l'ont frappée avec le drapeau, c'est un manque de respect" s'indigne-t-il. "Le ministre de l'intérieur se doit de sanctionner la chanteuse Miley Cyrus pour avoir désacralisé le drapeau".
Une demande qui pourrait bien être entendue, au vu de la loi mexicaine, qui détaille sur 35 pages les usages autorisés pour le drapeau mexicain. Rien sur les fessées, donc. Peut-être une porte de sortie pour la chanteuse, d'autant qu'elle portait en réalité une prothèse à ce moment précis. Voilà que ne devrait pas manquer de souligner son avocat, dans ce qui serait alors sans aucun doute une des plaidoiries les plus étranges de la justice mexicaine.
Lire aussi:

Une justicire  moto devient la star du WebVIDÉO. Une justicière à moto nettoie les rues de Moscou et crée le buzz
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
INSOLITE - Une motarde russe est devenue la coqueluche de YouTube ces derniers jours. Sa première vidéo a récolté près de 9,5 millions de vues en trois jours.
Visiblement révoltée par les automobilistes qui jettent leurs détritus dans la rue, cette anonyme a décidé de nettoyer les rues de Moscou... à sa façon. À moto, une caméra vissée sur son casque, cette justicière poursuit les automobilistes et leur rend les déchets qu'ils ont jetés sur la chaussée.
Des mégots de cigarettes, une bouteille de soda, le sac du fast-food à emporter... Celle que les internautes surnomment "Super Woman" ne laisse rien passer.
Alors que la vidéo rencontre une audience démesurée à l'international - elle est actuellement la vidéo la plus consultée chez les utilisateurs américains de YouTube - certains spectateurs pensent qu'il s'agit d'une opération promotionnelle pour une série russe nommée "Fizruk". Les fans de la série ont en effet reconnu la Jeep noire de l'acteur Dmitry Nagiev et la plaque d'immatriculation serait la même que dans la série.
LIRE AUSSI

J&K floods to have  minimal  impact on LIC  says its chairmanJ&K floods to have  minimal  impact on LIC  says its chairman
ONGC to commission Dahej petrochem plant by June 2015ONGC to commission Dahej petrochem plant by June 2015
Portable PF account number to be launched on October 16Portable PF account number to be launched on October 16
Cognizants TriZetto buy to give it strong purchase in US healthcare marketCognizant Technology Solutions’ all-cash acquisition of TriZetto for $2.7 billion will give it a cutting edge in the healthcare vertical. (Reuters)
Bangalore | Posted: September 16, 2014 5:35 am
Cognizant Technology Solutions’ all-cash acquisition of TriZetto for $2.7 billion will give it a cutting edge in the healthcare vertical, where it competes with global biggies like IBM and Accenture, at a time healthcare corporations are keen to cut costs. On Monday, the IT major walked away with the privately-held US healthcare IT firm in a buyout that will drive up revenues from the vertical to $3 billion and give it access to over 200 clients, including 16 of the top 20 US health plans.
The Nasdaq-listed Cognizant, which generates close to 26% of its revenues — $8.84 billion in 2013 — from the healthcare and life sciences, now has a stronger footprint in the US IT healthcare market, tipped to to touch $22.6 billion by 2017, driven by opportunities from Obamacare.
Click here for graph
That’s probably why analysts believe the valuation at four times 2013 revenues of an estimated $676 million may not be too steep. “Surprising but sensible” is how Jefferies Equity Research described the deal, highlighting that TriZetto’s annual revenue per employee of $182,703 was way higher than its acquirer’s $51,800. Last month the NewJersey-headquarterd firm announced a seven-year deal with Health Net, a California-based company with a total contract value of $2.7 billion.
Indian IT players TCS and Infosys have a smaller presence in the healthcare and life science segment, which contributes around 6% to revenues.
Francisco D’Souza, CEO, Cognizant, which reported profits of $1.23 billion in 2013, said healthcare in the US was undergoing structural shifts due to reform, cost pressures and shifting responsibilities between payers and providers. “This creates a significant growth opportunity, which TriZetto will help us capture,” he said.
Cognizant will finance the TriZetto acquisition through a combination of cash in hand and debt, and has secured $1 billion of committed financing in support of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2014. “The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Cognizant’s non-GAAP EPS, excluding one-time transaction costs and adjustments,” said Karen McLoughlin, CFO.
TriZetto, which was taken private by Apax Partners in 2008 for $1.4 billion has 3,700 employees based in US and India. It provides IT solutions to both the payer and provider segments of the healthcare industry. Cognizant expects to gain approximately $1.5 billion of potential revenue synergies cumulatively over the next five years.
Cognizant expects to leverage this acquisition to address three areas of business: Traditional IT services; high-growth areas management consulting, BPO and IT infrastructure services; and emerging delivery models.
The note by Jefferies said, “Over the long term, TriZetto should position Cognizant for enhanced top-line performance (organic growth has been slowing) while adding to Cognizant’s non-linear (ie, software) revenue base and generating continued…

Govt shouldnt treat PSBs as its extended arm: RBI GovernorPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 16, 2014 12:56 am
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday said the government should consider banks as “independent entities” that take their own commercial decisions, and not as its extended arm.
While it was fine for the government to involve banks to further the social sector agenda, it should ensure that such schemes are financially feasible for the lenders, Rajan said. “You cannot get a mandate and cannot fund it. After all, public sector banks also have private shareholders and are not any longer an extension of the government. They should be seen as independent entities,” Rajan said at the Ficci banking summit.
“By all means, the public sector banks are there to undertake social actions when necessary but those mandates should be backed by financial gains,” he said. The RBI is working with the government on issues regarding the governance at central banks. “We are in constant dialogue with the government, we are discussing these issues on governance and let us see how much progress the government and the RBI make,” he said.
The RBI has forwarded the Nayak Committee proposals on corporate governance — including splitting the CMD post, longer tenure for MDs and merit-based appointment in PSU banks — to the government for necessary action.
Regarding the Jan Dhan scheme, Rajan asked banks not to compromise on core objectives of the programme. “When we roll out the scheme, we have to make sure it does not go off the track. The target is universality, not just speed and numbers,” Rajan said. The scheme can be a “waste” if it leads to duplication of accounts, if no transaction happens on the new accounts and if the new users get bad experiences, he said.
On the economy, Rajan said India’s macro-economic indicators “are improving” and inflation is coming down but there’s “still some way to go”. “The recovery is still uneven,” Rajan said.

Exports growth hits 5-month low in Aug; trade gap widensPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 12:58 am
India’s export growth slipped to 5-month low of 2.35 per cent in August at $26.95 billion, pushing up the trade deficit to a four-month high of $10.83 billion.
Gold imports nearly tripled to $2.03 billion in August from $738.7 million a year ago. However, imports of petroleum, transport equipment, fertiliser, coal and silver registered decline in growth.
According to commerce ministry data, overall imports grew only 2.08 per cent to $37.79 billion. Oil imports fell by 14.97 per cent in August to $12.83 billion, but non-oil imports (including capital goods), during the month, rose by 13.82 per cent to $24.95 billion. Overall imports in August grew by just 2.08 per cent to $37.79 billion. With PTI

KKR to lend $175 mn to GMR Infrastructure  says SourcesGMR is expected to announce the transaction with US private equity firm KKR as early as Tuesday. (Reuters)
Reuters | Mumbai/hong Kong | Posted: September 16, 2014 12:44 pm
US private equity firm KKR & Co LP has agreed to provide about $175 million in financing to GMR Infrastructure Ltd in a debt and equity deal, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
GMR will announce the transaction as early as Tuesday, said the source, who declined to be identified as the information was not yet public.
Both GMR Infrastructure and KKR declined to comment.
Global private equity funds have been increasingly focused on lending, with at least $6.6 billion being raised by 12 funds for investment in Asia, according to Private Equity International and Thomson Reuters data.
KKR has provided over $1.75 billion in loans to companies in India, including Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd, Avantha Group, the holding company of Crompton and Greaves , and Max India.

State Bank of India cuts fixed deposit rates to 8.75% from 9%State Bank of India increases its deposit rates for maturities between 180 to 210 days by 25 bps to 7.25%. (AP)
New Delhi | Posted: September 16, 2014 2:24 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 2:26 pm
India’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI) on Tuesday revised fixed deposit (FDs) rates in select maturities and thus becomes the first lender to cut rates below 9%.
In a regulatory filing, the bank said it has lowered interest rates by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.75% from 9% for deposits maturing between one to three years, with effect from Thursday September 18.
The bank, however, increased its deposit rates for maturities between 180 to 210 days by 25 bps to 7.25%.
Speaking to a news channel, SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said that they have excess of liquidity at present and there is not enough demand to match it.
“The reason for the revision is the fact that we have a lot of liquidity, we have not seen that kind of credit demand and therefore this is basically adjusting our asset liability management (ALM),” Bhattacharya said.
SBI had last revised its term deposit rates in July when it cut bulk term deposit rates by 25 bps and retail term deposit rates by 50 bps for certain tenures.
The bank had cut bulk term deposit rates (Rs 1 crore and above) by 25 bps for tenures of 7-60 days to 6.25% and 61 days to less than one year to 6.75%. For retail term deposits (less than Rs 1 crore) the downward revision in rates affected deposits that mature between 7-179 days, which has been revised to 7% from 7.5%.
That apart, private sector lender IndusInd Bank recently cut interest rate on savings account to 4.5% per annum from 5.5% on daily balance up to Rs 1 lakh from September 1. However, it kept the interest on accounts that maintain a daily balance of more than Rs 1 lakh at 6%, the bank said on its website.
SBI shares were trading at Rs 2,610, marginally down about 0.5% on the BSE at 12:18 hours.

RBI wants segregation of CMD post  panel to appoint directorsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 1:16 am
The Reserve Bank of India has proposed segregation of chairman and managing director (CMD) posts and a separate committee for appointment of directors on the board of PSU banks.
On corporate governance reforms in PSU banks, RBI Deputy Governor R Gandhi said the central bank has already recommended certain suggestions to the government. “Based on various committees, including the PJ Nayak Committee recommendations, we have made certain suggestions to the government such as segregation of chairman and managing director posts and a separate committee for appointment of directors on board of PSU banks, and they are taking up the final decision,” Gandhi said on the sidelines of the Ficci-IBA conference.
The RBI has been saying that CMDs of PSU banks enjoyed absolute power and often dominate the board during their tenure. In PSU banks, the top executive is designated as CMD, with the exception of the largest lender State Bank of India, where the top position is commanded by the chairman and there are four managing directors with clearly defined executive roles.
Appointments of chairmen for at least ten PSU banks is likely to get delayed or witness major changes over the next six months following the government’s move to tighten the selection process of CMD positions in PSU banks. As many as 4 PSU banks are already functioning without a chairman and MD. The next batch of appointments is likely to be done only after the government finalises the new norms for appointment of bank chairman.
While Indian Overseas Bank chairman M Narendra retired last month, Bank of Baroda CMD SS Mundra has shifted to the RBI as Deputy Governor. United Bank of India has been without a chairman for some months now after the exit of Archana Bhargava as CMD.
‘No plan to hike debt limit’
Mumbai: RBI Deputy Governor HR Khan has said there is no proposal to raise the debt limits for foreign investors as of now. Currently, the unrestricted category of government bond debt limit worth $25 billion is 98.98 per cent exhausted, triggering hopes that it would be relaxed soon. Khan added that the RBI may conduct more bond buybacks in future. The RBI repurchased just Rs 12,761 crore of government bonds out of the Rs 20,000 crore notified on Tuesday. Agencies

BSE Sensex rebounds 127 points on global cuesPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:46 am
After two sessions of losses, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered sharply by over 127 points in early trade today on emergence of buying by funds and retail investors amid a firming trend in other Asian markets.
The 30-share index, which had lost 568.53 points in the previous two sessions, rose by 127.37 points, or 0.48 per cent, to 26,619.88, with all sectoral indices, led by realty and metals, trading in positive zone with gains up to 1.37 per cent.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty gained 39.10 points, or 0.49 per cent, to 7,972.
Brokers said a firming trend in the Asian region, tracking overnight gains in US markets boosted by speculation that the Fed is unlikely to start raising interest rates soon, influenced the sentiments here.
Prominent gainers that supported the Sensex were Infosys, TCS, Hindalco, HeroMotoCo, Mahindra and Mahindra, RIL, SBI and Sun Pharma.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was up by 1.01 per cent while Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.23 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.59 per cent higher in yesterday’s trade.

Indian rupee gains 9 paise against US dollar in early tradePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 17, 2014 10:51 am
The rupee appreciated by nine paise to 60.96 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks.
Besides, the dollar’s weakness against other currencies overseas and a higher opening in the domestic equity market supported the rupee, forex dealers said.
The rupee had recovered from one-month low to end with a modest gain of eight paise at 61.05 against the Greenback in yesterday’s trade on fresh dollar selling by exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose by 127.37 points, or 0.48 per cent, to 26,619.88 in early trade today.
 

BJP-Sena alliance on verge of collapseBJP-Sena alliance on verge of collapse
Our Bureau/Agencies
SANJAY RAUT Shiv Sena spokesman
The BJP offers a fresh seat-sharing proposal
Mumbai, September 19:  
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Shiv Sena was on the verge of collapse on Friday with both parties adopting a tough stance on the issue of seat-sharing for the October 15 State Assembly elections, party officials said.
Both the warring partners held a series of crucial meetings during the day to take a final call on continuing the alliance.
“It’s on the verge of breaking — only a formal announcement is awaited,” said a senior State BJP leader, requesting anonymity.
However, the party’s core committee meeting officially decided to keep up the alliance intact. In the draft proposal it asked the Shiv Sena to give more seats for the sake of amity between the two parties.
In its fresh seat-sharing proposal to the Shiv Sena, the BJP said that 59 seats that have never been won by the Sena in the previous 25 years should be allotted to the BJP.
Member of the committee and Leader of Opposition in Maharashtra Assembly Eknath Khadase told media persons that for the sake of the alliance, the BJP had sacrificed seven Parliament seats to the Shiv Sena over the past 25 years. The Shiv Sena should now reciprocate for the Assembly elections, he said.
Senior BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar said the party has not given any deadline to the Shiv Sena for accepting the proposal but its reply should come soon. “We hope that Sena’s reply comes before filing of the nomination forms for the Elections,” he said. “Our relations are old therefore the seat sharing should be done with samadhan (satisfaction) and samman (honour),” he said.
The crux of the issue is primarily seat-sharing, besides projecting Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray as the chief ministerial candidate. The BJP is demanding both parties contest 135 seats each with the remaining 18 in the house of 288 being allotted to other smaller alliance partners.
The Shiv Sena’s latest offer is 119 seats to the BJP, including the share of the other smaller partners, which the BJP rejected outright.
The Sena on Friday hardened its stance further. “In Maharashtra, Shiv Sena is the party which gives (seats) and not the one that asks (for seats). It was a bigger party in the State and will remain so,” party spokesman and MP Sanjay Raut said.
“Shiv Sena had been in Maharashtra politics even before BJP was born. It doesn’t matter whether there is an alliance or not. The Chief Minister will be from Shiv Sena,” he added.
Sunday meeting
A meeting of the party's executive committee has been called on Sunday, Raut said.
After BJP president Amit Shah gave indications in his public rallies in the State that the “BJP will form the next government” without mentioning its allies, the party reportedly served a 24-hour ‘ultimatum’, which the Sena dismissed Thursday night. The Sena also resolved after an emergency meeting that any final decision on the issue would be left to Uddhav’s discretion.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

GE eyes oil group Dresser-Rand© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/207f9976-4039-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

"E  anche a causa sua se i gay si suicidano:  una me...a!"Previous Story
Next Story
Fiorella Mannoia Vs Gianluca Buonanno: "E' per gente come lui che i giovani gay si suicidano. E' una m...a" (FOTO)
Claudio Paudice, L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Lo fa apposta, Gianluca Buonanno, a spostare sempre più in alto l'asticella delle sue provocazioni. Questa volta, però, ad averne abbastanza delle uscite per nulla raffinate dell'europarlamentare leghista e sindaco di Borgosesia è Fiorella Mannoia. La cantante, sul suo profilo Facebook, si è sfogata in un lungo attacco nei confronti di Buonanno, per le sue ultime dichiarazioni sui gay: "Altro che matrimonio, al massimo ai gay offro una banana", aveva detto a La Zanzara il leghista. Così la Mannoia ha scritto sul suo profilo: "E' anche per gente come questa che ragazzi si suicidano perchè non reggono più all'emarginazione, all'isolamento, allo scherno. Sono stanca di questa gentaglia e la chiamo con il nome che merita: MERDA".
Non solo: nel suo post la cantante, riferendosi a Buonanno, scrive che è "anche la gente come questo signore ad armare le mani di quelli che ammazzano un diciottenne dopo averlo torturato e seviziato, solo perchè gay, è anche per gente come questa se questa intolleranza sfocia nelle tragedie quotidiane che tutti conosciamo". Fiorella Mannoia esprime quindi tutta la sua indignazione per le ultime frasi pregne di omofobia del sindaco di Borgosesia, ultime di una lunga serie. Intervistato da La Zanzara Buonanno ha affermato che "se mi chiedessero di celebrare nozze gay nel Comune dove sono sindaco direi che è meglio che si facciano un Tso. Fosse per me li schederei: visto che vogliono pubblicizzare il loro amore, segniamoli su un registro". E infine: "Altro che matrimonio, al massimo ai gay offro una banana. O un’insalata di finocchio".
Close
Buonanno: "Crocifisso e foto di Putin nel mio ufficio"
di

La campagna sul condom femminile Too hot for FacebookPrevious Story
Next Story
Facebook censura la campagna di prevenzione sull'uso del condom femminile. "Contrario ai termini di servizio" (VIDEO)
Ilaria Betti, L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Un video d'animazione, creato per spiegare come utilizzare nel modo giusto un preservativo femminile, è stato censurato da Facebook perché contrario ai "termini di servizio". Il filmato era stato caricato sulla pagina dell'organizzazione "Tea Time and Sex Chats" dell'università di Chicago, nata nel 2012 per promuovere l'educazione sessuale e aprire un dibattito su argomenti tabù.
I video divertenti sono sempre stati un punto forte dei "Tea Time and Sex Chats" : anche questa volta, per dare consigli sul condom, gli autori avevano pensato ad un cartone animato. "Una stupida animazione e musica acustica: ovviamente il modo più carino per imparare qualcosa su questo meraviglioso metodo contraccettivo!", recitava la didascalia. Niente, dunque, di volgare, almeno nelle intenzioni dei creatori. Dopo aver pubblicato il post sulla pagina Facebook, però, il gruppo si è visto recapitare una mail da parte del social network che diceva che, non solo il post, ma l'intera pagina violavano i termini di servizio e che sarebbero stati censurati. E così è accaduto.
@TeaTimeSexChats I LOVED your cartoon on the F2C condom. What a cute and positive sex-ed video. @Facebook , shame on you.
— Resham Parikh (@reshambabble) 14 Settembre 2014
Ancora una volta le linee guida del social network che portano alla chiusura di pagine, hanno fatto arrabbiare molti. Su Twitter, gli utenti hanno fatto sentire la loro vicinanza ai "Tea Time", ribadendo l'utilità e l'innocenza del video. Il sito "Jezebel" commenta così la notizia: "Chiedetevi perché le foto delle donne che mostrano le cicatrici della loro mastectomia o le immagini delle mamme che allattano i loro figli vengono cancellate in un attimo ma pagine che promuovo la prostituzione rimangono attive per molto tempo". E continua: "Non è la natura del cartone che mostra una donna inserire un condom a offendere le persone - è l'idea che la stessa donna possa diventare padrona della propria sessualità. E forse è un pensiero che siti come quello di Facebook non vogliono sposare".
Yes! Apparently @facebook thinks cartoon vaginas are esp threatening when they're demonstrating how to use protection. @bedheadtweeting
— Tea Time + Sex Chats (@TeaTimeSexChats) 12 Settembre 2014
Se lo scopo del video era quello di far conoscere il preservativo "da donna", ecco qualche informazione: è stato progettato e realizzato dalla Female Health Company e ha avuto l'approvazione della United States Food and Drug Administration. I suoi vantaggi sarebbero molti: oltre a garantire una protezione completa e quindi a prevenire le gravidanze indesiderate, sarebbe utile anche per chi soffre di allergie, essendo fatto di un materiale diverso dal lattice. Il piacere si avverte e permetterebbe all'uomo di sentirsi più libero, senza preservativo, ma senza rinunciare alla sicurezza.
Tra gli aspetti negativi c'è il fatto che è poco economico: c'è un solo laboratorio al mondo che attualmente ne produce e quindi non è facile trovarlo in farmacia. Non è chiaro neanche come si usi: molte donne potrebbero pensare che sia di difficile utilizzo e rinunciarci già in partenza. Per questo, forse, c'è bisogno di qualche spiegazione in più.
They can kick us off FB, but can't keep us from planning awesome events!
Follow us here on Twitter or on our website: http://t.co/hrtXqS0t4J
— Tea Time + Sex Chats (@TeaTimeSexChats) 13 Settembre 2014
Altro:

Ios 8: 10 novit nel giorno del download (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
iOS 8 download, l'aggiornamento dagli iPad2 e iPhone 4S. Cosa cambia? 10 cose su foto, messaggi e iCloud (FOTO)
E-mail
Commento
Il giorno del cambio di abito di iPhone e iPad è arrivato. È disponibile il download del nuovo sistema operativo mobile di Apple . Restano fuori iPad 1 e iPhone 4 che dovranno rinunciare al cambiamento. Fotocamera potenziata, messaggi in stile WhatsApp, la tastiera predittiva QuickType , una funzione per vedere lo spazio occupato dalle app e anche la percentuale di energia consumata dalla batteria. Ma soprattutto le piattaforme Health e Home, per permettere ai dispositivi di controllare la salute e interagire con la propria casa. Adesso l'iPhone dirà perfino quante calorie bruciamo.
Intanto il primo passo è effettuare il download. Se lo spazio a disposizione sul proprio dispositivo non è sufficiente da quello richiesto per scaricare il software, il download di iOS8 va effettuato collegando il dispositivo stesso al computer e tramite iTunes. Altrimenti si può collegare l'iPhone o l'iPad a una fonte di alimentazione e procedere al download dal menù "Impostazioni" - "Generali" - "Aggiornamento Software". L'operazione è totalmente guidata e richiede almeno un'ora o più. Il tempo dipende dalla velocità di connessione (meglio disporre di una rete Wifi) e dal modello che si desidera aggiornare.
Ecco cosa cambia :
1. È più facile mandare email
Gestire la propria casella di posta elettronica è molto più facile con iOS 8. Prima il messaggio poteva essere soltanto archiviato. Adesso si può buttare.
2. La rivoluzione dell'autocorrettore
Addio vecchie storpiature da autocorrettore. iOS 8 ti suggerisce le parole che potresti usare nei messaggi o nelle email. E lo farà grazie alla tastiera predittiva QuickType che prevede che tipo di frase si andrà a comporre analizzando anche il contesto. Isomma il tuo telefono imparerà le parole che di volta in volta usi e scriverà come te.
3. Messaggi vocali
La funzione Messaggi insegue WhatApp : può inviare frasi vocali e gestire conversazioni di gruppo, così come condividere documenti e immagini. Importante anche la funzione Handoff che permette, ad esempio, di iniziare a lavorare su un iPad e continuare su un qualunque altro dispositivo sia iOS che Mac.
4. Messaggi di gruppo
Si può scegliere il nome per un gruppo di iMessages , abbandonare il gruppo e bannare gli altri. È possibile segnare tutti i messaggi come già letti in una volta sola. Gli SMS e gli MMS tradizionali potranno essere inviati anche da Mac o iPad, sfruttando il proprio iPhone a distanza.
5. Puoi monitorare la tua salute
Una delle applicazioni chiave del nuovo sistema operativo è proprio Health , che monitora la nostra salute in diretta raccogliendo dati fisici, battito cardiaco, respiro, qualità del sonno, alimentazione. Tutti dati sensibili (Apple ha messo dei paletti sulla privacy) che possono fornire un profilo sanitario di un utente ed essere di supporto in casi di emergenza. Per le case sempre più connesse Apple ha pensato al sistema Homekit, con cui identificare i sistemi domotici che dialogano con iOS, dagli interruttori alle prese smart fino ai sensori per le piante. Insomma, tutta la casa potrà essere controllata da iPhone e iPad. Ma le novità di iOS8 che impatteranno sulla quotidianità degli utenti sono tante.
6. Fotocamera potenziata
Si potrà scegliere il fuoco e l'esposizione di una foto semplicemente toccando lo schermo, senza ricorrere ad app esterne.
7. Spotlight che si allarga anche al web e a Wikipedia
Migliorano anche le notifiche ora utilizzabili in maniera interattiva e la funzione di ricerca Spotlight che si allarga anche al web e a Wikipedia. Inoltre, iOS8 consentirà non solo di vedere la memoria occupata dalle app, ma anche la percentuale di energia consumata (una funzione già presente su Android).
8. iCloud diventa più grande
La nuvola di Apple di recente finita sotto accusa per le foto osee' dei vip di Hollywood - si amplia con la funzione Drive, un vero e proprio disco virtuale condiviso.
9. Sincronizzazione anche da remoto. Lavori su Mac e continui su iPad
L'app immagini e la Libreria Foto iCloud sincronizza le foto su tutti i dispositivi , comprese le modifiche effettuate in locale. Per chi ha diversi dispositivi Apple, le cose stanno per farsi ancora più interessanti. Ora si può iniziare un’email su un dispositivo e poi riprendere su un altro, esattamente dove si era rimasti. Chi ha un iPhone, può rispondere alle telefonate dal Mac o dall’iPad e persino usarli per mandare SMS.2
10. Controlli la tua casa
Per le case sempre più connesse Apple ha pensato al sistema Homekit, con cui identificare i sistemi domotici che dialogano con iOS, dagli interruttori alle prese smart fino ai sensori per le piante. Insomma, tutta la casa potrà essere controllata da iPhone e iPad. Ma le novità di iOS8 che impatteranno sulla quotidianità degli utenti sono tante.
Altro:

Joel ma che combini!Joel, attaccante brasiliano esulta e precipita nel tunnel degli spogliatoi (VIDEO)
Ivan Pasqualino, repubblica.it
E-mail
Commento
Joel, attaccante del Coritiba , segna un gran gol smarcando il portiere del San Paolo con un doppio passo. L’attaccante camerunense corre per esultare sotto la propria curva, ma quando scavalca i cartelloni pubblicitari si ritrova a fare un salto nel vuoto. Aldilà dei cartelloni infatti c’è il tunnel che porta giù agli spogliatoi. Joel lo centra in pieno finendo in buca. Per fortuna riesce a rialzarsi con le proprie gambe e a completare il match, seppur acciaccato e visibilmente scosso.
Altro:

Tiziano Renzi indagato (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
Tiziano Renzi indagato. Il padre del premier è accusato di bancarotta fraudolenta dalla procura di Genova (FOTO)
Repubblica, Secolo XIX
E-mail
Commento
Il padre del presidente del Consiglio Matteo Renzi, Tiziano, è indagato dalla procura di Genova per bancarotta fraudolenta. Come riporta Repubblica Genova .
Tiziano Renzi, padre del premier Matteo è indagato per bancarotta fraudolenta dalla procura di Genova. La vicenda è relativa al fallimento della società di distribuzione Chil Post, nel maggio 2013. Il curatore avrebbe rilevato passaggi sospetti dei rami d'impresa, e comunque delle uscite di denaro ingiustificate.
L'inchiesta è seguita dal pm Marco Ayroldi e seguita in prima persona dal procuratore aggiunto Nicola Piacente. La bancarotta viene contestata ad altre tre persone, ex amministratori della società. L'avviso di garanzia è stato notificato a Tiziano Renzi tre giorni fa, e coincide con la richiesta di proroga di indagini al Gip.
Secondo il quotidiano genovese il Secolo XIX , la società è fallita nel 2013, quando il padre di Renzi l’aveva già ceduta a un imprenditore genovese. La stessa società risulta essere stata intestata proprio a Matteo Renzi e alle sue sorelle tra il 1999 e il 2004. Le quote in mano al Premier furono liquidate prima della sua candidatura alla provincia di Firenze per essere contestualmente assunto come dirigente dalla stessa società. Proprio per questo risultano anche contributi figurativi versati all'attuale presidente del Consiglio.
Non è "preoccupato" Tiziano Renzi, per l'avviso di garanzia notificatogli dalla procura di Genova e anzi, dice, "ringrazio la magistratura".
Raggiunto telefonicamente dall'Asca, Tiziano Renzi non vuol commentare nel dettaglio il provvedimento: "ne prendo atto, ringrazio la magistratura perché è un atto a mia tutela, ma essendo io indagato non posso dire niente. Appena avrò tempo, a dimostrazione di quanto sono preoccupato, farò un comunicato stampa".
"Alla veneranda età di 63 anni e dopo 45 anni di attività professionale - scrive poi il padre di Renzi in una nota - ricevo per la prima volta nella mia vita un avviso di garanzia. I fatti si riferiscono al fallimento nel novembre 2013 di una azienda che io ho venduto nell'ottobre 2010". "Sono certo - prosegue - che le indagini faranno chiarezza ed esprimo il mio rispetto non formale per la magistratura inquirente ma nel dubbio, per evitare facili strumentalizzazioni, ho rassegnato le dimissioni da segretario del circolo del Pd di Rignano sull'Arno".
Sentito poi dall'agenzia di stampa LaPresse, Tiziano Renzi ha detto: "Oggi mi sto stupendo da come sono sereno conoscendo il mio carattere". "Sono indagato e mi devo attenere al silenzio - ha commentato - non vorrei passare dalla ragione al torto".
Inoltre su HuffPost

"La Mogherini mi ha guardato e mi ha chiesto chi fossi"Pedro Sanchez sulla gaffe di Federica Mogherini: "A Bologna non sapeva chi fossi" VIDEO
repubblica.it
E-mail
Commento
"In Italia per esempio, a quella che sarà commissario degli Esteri in Europa (Lady Pesc, ndr), quando l'ho salutata con 'allora, come sta?', lei si è fermata, mi ha guardato e ha detto 'ma lei chi è?'". Pedro Sanchez, segretario Psoe in grande ascesa mediatica, ha rivelato un particolare curioso di quella giornata italiana, nella trasmissione tv spagnola El Hormiguero su Antenna. Durante la Festa dell'Unità di Bologna il 7 settembre, quando è salito sul palco insieme agli altri leader progressisti europei Matteo Renzi, il ministro degli Esteri italiano uscente Federica Mogherini non l'avrebbe riconosciuto: "Si è fermata, mi ha guardato e ha detto 'ma lei chi è?' e io  ''il segretario generale del Psoe!'".
Altro:

Sitting less alters DNA to increase longevityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP and Shiv Sena reach out to smaller alliesBJP
(“The Sena and BJP both…)
MUMBAI: So, what happens to the smaller parties in the Shiv Sena-BJP mahayuti if the two main constituents call off their grand alliance? Both Sena and BJP are desperately trying to lure these parties to fight the Maharashtra assembly elections on their side. Parties like the Republican Party of India (Athavale) Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha are all being wooed by both the Shiv Sena and BJP.
The Shiv Sena has sent feelers to the RPI(A) and the SSS that if the alliance with the BJP breaks, then the two parties would be given 30 to 40 seats from the BJP quota that it puts at 119. The BJP too apparently is promising a similar number of seats to the three smaller partners in the group if the partnership breaks. Interestingly, these smaller parties aren't enthused by the offers. RPI's Ramdas Athawale said both parties have asked him to join them, but he doesn't expect the alliance to break.
SSS chief Raju Shetti said he would not like to take a call on which party he would align with. "The Sena and BJP both are mistaken if they think that they would come to power if they contest alone," he said. "It would be a hung assembly or the Congress-NCP would continue to remain in power."
Shetti issued a passionate appeal to the BJP and Shiv Sena leadership, saying that his own party is ready to contest in less number of seats in order to ensure that the Sena-BJP has enough seats to distribute among themselves.
"We are willing to take fewer seats because the important issue here is to remove the corrupt Congress-NCP government from power."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Have always sacrificed to save alliance with Shiv Sena: BJPBJP
(The Bharatiya Janata Party…)
MUMBAI: Rejecting the latest offer of 119 seats by the Shiv Sena (SS) for the Oct. 15 Maharashtra assembly elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party said it had always adopted a spirit of 'sacrifice' to save the saffron alliance in the past 25 years.
Simultaneously, in a mild softening of its stand, the state BJP said it has decided to send a fresh seat-sharing formula to the Sena before making any final move on the matter.
Senior BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar told media persons that the party's core committee meeting unanimously expressed its desire to continue the alliance with the Sena.
"We have always kept a large heart in the past to save the alliance. When Shiv Sena wanted to project Sharad Pawar as prime minister, we did not object. Similarly, when they decided to support the candidatures of Pratibha Patil and Pranab Mukherjee for President, we relented in the interest of our partnership and for the people of the state," Mungantiwar said.
Leader of Opposition in the assembly Eknath Khadse added that in the past few years, the BJP has given as many as six sitting seats in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha to the Shiv Sena, but in return it did not get "a single assembly seat".
"This time, we are talking about giving us seats which neither the Sena nor the BJP has ever won in all the past assembly elections. BJP will try to make inroads, failing which the Congress-NCP will get the advantage there," Khadse said.
The duo reiterated that the BJP was open to continuing the alliance, provided it was worked out with "dignity and respect" for both parties.
"Now, our workers are not interested in making any more sacrifices. We are prepared for a seat-sharing alliance with respect and dignity. We should get to contest the seats which the SS has never won in the past," he said.
Mungantiwar pointed out that of the total 48 Lok Sabha constituencies in the state, the BJP used to contest 32 and the Shiv Sena 16 in the past, which has now increased to 26 and 24 respectively.
"For us, the immediate priority is to defeat the Congress-NCP. Everything else, including who will be next chief minister and other issues, can follow," Mungantiwar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland s referendum: For now  its business as usualYou are here: Home > Collections
Scotland's referendum: For now, it’s business as usual
Sudeshna Sen, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.48AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
('In truth, the impact of…)
The first and initial reaction of business after Scotland's decision to stay within the UK has inevitably been one of relief, and contingency plans for an independent Scotland thankfully consigned to the trashcan.
RBS, which planned to move its headquarters if Scotland voted yes, categorically announced it will stay put. Markets, which had more or less presumed the result, shrugged off the results - while the sterling hit two+-year high against the euro overnight, it settled down later.
Says a Barclays research report: In truth, the impact of the uncertainty surrounding the vote both at the market level and for individual stocks has been relatively small."
Market analysts are of the opinion that BoE's interest rate policy, which might see a rise in interest rates as early as next year, is of more concern. After the immediate aftermath though, there are concerns about the political aftermath.
"Crucially we still have to worry about the prospect of major constitutional upheaval. This means that investors are still likely to demand a higher political risk premium in their valuation of UK assets," said Gregor Macintoch, head of sovereign and emerging debt at Lombar Odier.
The Devo Max - maximum devolution - proposals that were agreed to by all parties prior to the vote, promised Scotland more powers of self governance - and is to be extended to Wales, Northern Ireland and England.
In the runup to, and after the general elections due next year, proposals that will allow regions within the UK to make not just spending, but taxation decisions, which have to be agreed to by all parties is spooking businesses.
"The tensions arising from a monetary union bereft of sufficient fiscal union are still being suffered in the euro-zone. These need to be avoided in the UK," said Neil Williams, group chief economist of Hermes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland s referendum: One without issues of race and religionYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
Scotland's referendum: One without issues of race and religion
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
(Elsewhere in the world nationalism…)
Sir John Macpherson's spirit must have cheered the Scottish vote. Macpherson is little remembered in India, where he spent much of his life and made much of his money.
He served less than two years as Governor-General of the East India Company in Calcutta after Warren Hastings retired and also left a dubious reputation in Madras for shady dealings with the Nawab of Arcot.
But earlier in life he helped create the mythology of Scotland that played such a key role in taking it to victory. Because it was quite definitely a victory. For a few weeks a small place became the focus of global interest, European concern and frenzied lobbying from British politicians.
The promises made by those politicians could give the Scots most of the benefits they were hoping for from independence while sparing them the headaches of actually going it alone.
Meanwhile, David Cameron's government, so deeply despised in Scotland, may be the nominal winner, but its problems are just beginning. It has committed itself to continued transfer of funds to Scotland, even as it imposes cutbacks elsewhere.
And it has committed itself to further devolution of power, which will raise calls for similar deals from the other components of the UK, the Welsh and Irish, while facing the fury of the English for conceding so much away.
It is this pragmatism that has helped the Scots survive, and even thrive - as pro-Union voices noted - in the UK. And key tools in this survival were those symbols of Scottish identity like the kilt, tartan cloth and bagpipes, which in this campaign were used most by the pro-independence side, but in the past were used by pro-unionists as well.
There was, for example, the tradition of St. Andrew's Day dinners during the British Empire. For the many Scots working as official or businessmen in places like India these dinners, celebrated on 30th November, the feast of the patron saint of Scotland, was a way to show the size and influence of their community and they pulled out all the stops on Scottish symbolism.
Bagpipes were played, kilts were worn, heather plants imported from the Scottish Highlands for decoration, haggis, a uniquely Scottish dish of a sheep's stomach stuffed with offal and oats, was eaten (or at least pretended to be eaten) and Scotch whisky used for endless toasts.
It is worth noting that, as Elizabeth Buettner points out in her study of these events, St. Andrew's Day was rarely celebrated in Scotland itself. "The whole concept of a distinct Highland culture and tradition is a retrospective invention," declared the historian Hugh Trevor-Roper in his wonderfully explosive essay 'The Invention of Tradition: the Highland Tradition of Scotland."
Trevor-Roper's essential point is that the Highland culture, which would later stand-in for all Scottish culture, was just a poor relative of Irish culture and mostly looked down upon by the more numerous Lowland Scots, who were culturally closer to the Northern English.
The main example Trevor-Roper cites is the kilt, the skirt which is such a striking sign of Scotland. Yet he points to research which shows the first mention of the term to the 1720s and even then just as a way of belting the plaid, a long thick coat that was the main garment of the poor (the rich wore trousers).
The kilt as a separate, shorter skirt may have been invented around 1727 by an English businessman, Thomas Rawlinson, who was trying to develop forests in the Highlands to make charcoal.
 
He felt it would be easier for his Scottish workman to wear a lighter garment and came up with the kilt. A few decades later when the Ossian fraud sparked an interest in Scottishness, this worker's uniform suddenly got taken up as an example Scottish dress, much to the horror of some cultivated Scots who saw it as a sign of poverty.
But any objections from them were overruled when, around the same time, the first Scottish regiments were formed in the British Army, primarily for use in places like India - where, of course, skirt like garments for men were common.
The Scottish regiments became strong proponents of the kilt, and as symbols of Scotland themselves they popularised it further. Trevor-Roper traces a similar contrarian history for Tartan cloth which, far from being ancient Scottish weaves, were created by the big new textile mills as a way of cashing in on the demand for all things Scottish.
Sir Walter Scott, with his wildly popular novels of Scotland, was a key figure in these trends, which reached a kind of peak when George IV made a symbolic trip to Scotland in 1822, one of the first by a British King since Union. Scott was in charge of the celebrations and in the course of them the idea of each Scottish clan having its own tartan seems to have emerged.
Trevor-Roper doesn't talk about bagpipes and whisky, but it is possible to find similar histories for them. Bagpipes were part of Ireland for centuries, but only seem to have appeared in Scotland in the 16th century.
Whisky is even more recent, coming in the wake of distillation being introduced by monks around the same time. The most admirable part of the Scottish referendum was how race and religion were not an issue.
Elsewhere in the world nationalism asks aggressive questions of how people qualify to be part of the nation, but not in Scotland. "If you are in Scotland, you are Scottish," is how Michael Currie, the head of the Delhi Caledonian Society framed it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Inc to talk philanthropy with Bill Gates at Premji s eventIndia Inc honchos to talk philanthropy with Bill Gates at an event hosted by Azim Premji
ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
BANGALORE: Wipro's billionaire founder Azim Premji and some of India's wealthiest people will get together in Bangalore to talk philanthropy with Microsoft founder Bill Gates, who has donated more than $1 billion to support social causes in India.
At a private event hosted by Premji, the first Indian to join Bill Gates and Warren Buffett's Giving Pledge club, they will discuss how to put their wealth to work on social causes. "The basic theme is to make the world a better place," said Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, chief of Bangalore-based pharmaceutical company Biocon. "We all have been fortunate to have wealth. We want to tell other wealthy to share with (the) community and (want) more people to be philanthropic."
Premji, 69, signed the Giving Pledge in 2013, donating more than 20% of his stake in the software exporter to Azim Premji Foundation, which works in the education sector. In 2012, a similar event was hosted by Premji, Gates and Ratan Tata to discuss philanthropy in the areas of education, healthcare, water and agriculture.
Cyrus Mistry of the Tata Group, GMR Group's GM Rao, GVK Reddy from the GVK Group, Infosys co-founders S Gopalakrishnan and Nandan Nilekani, Naveen Jindal of Jindal Steel & Power, Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal and VG Sidhartha of Cafe Coffee Day were among those who attended that meeting.
"This is a private meeting, so we can't share any details," said Anurag Behar, chief executive of the Azim Premji Foundation, on the latest event. The idea is to have candid conversations among participants, away from public glare.
"All of us are meeting to learn from each other," said Rohini Nilekani, founder of Arghyam, a not-for-profit that works in the area of water, and wife of Nandan Nilekani. "It's important for philanthropy in India." Earlier this year, Premji hired Amnesty India head G Ananthapadmanabhan to look at grants for external agencies. Premji has a net worth of $16.7 billion, making him the third-richest in India, according to the Forbes Rich List.
Bill Gates and wife Melinda, who met Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, started their trip to India earlier this week. In a blog post citing India's achievement in polio eradication and works on rotavirus, which kills over 100,000 children in the country every year, Gates wrote all these add up to "a pivotal moment for India".
Gates, who also met political leaders such as Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari and Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu, announced $700,000 towards flood relief in Jammu & Kashmir.
Gates counted health, sanitation and financial inclusion among some of the priority areas for the country. "We hope to talk with India's leaders about how we might help accomplish some of their goals," he wrote. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which started working in India in 2003, has contributed nearly $1 billion to projects in areas such as HIV/Aids prevention and polio eradication.
  India has the sixth-largest billionaire population with a combined net worth of more than $175 billion, according to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014."Philanthropic donations do not seem to be raising enough funds to solve some of the toughest problems our world faces," said Subhash Dhar, founder of Gudville, a private social network to discover and share causes. "We have to find ways to connect causes to our mainstream economy."
However, philanthropy among wealthy Indians has been on the rise. Some of the biggest donors include HCL Group founder Shiv Nadar, Infosys co-founders Nilekani and Gopalakrishnan, and GMR's Rao. Gopalakrishnan recently set aside Rs 225 crore to set up a centre for brain research at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore, the largest donation from an individual the institute has ever received.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gates Foundation announces $ 7 lakh for J&K flood reliefBill Gates Foundation announces $ 7 lakh for Jammu and Kashmir flood relief
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 06.22PM IST
Tags:
Bill Gates
(The help came in response…)
NEW DELHI: American business tycoon and philanthropist Bill Gates , co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation today announced an emergency relief fund of $ 700,000 for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir .
The help came in response to a request from Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh , who hails from Jammu and Kashmir.
The announcement was made by Gates when he called on Singh here to discuss mutually shared areas of interest.
Singh and Gates talked about shared areas of focus, including the existing Memorandum of Understanding between the Foundation and the Department of Biotechnology/Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council (BIRAC) for their Grand Challenges initiative.
The Foundation's Grand Challenges in Global Health initiative fosters scientific and technological innovation to solve key health problems in the developing world.
This initiative promotes Indian innovations in the areas such as sanitation and malnutrition, to help all children survive, thrive and reach their full potential, an official release said.
"I share the minister's belief in the power of technology to change the world and I applaud his commitment on harnessing the power of Indian innovation to save lives, through initiatives such as Reinvent The Toilet Challenge: India," Gates said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian Muslims will live and die for India: PM Modiafghanistan
('My understanding is that al…)
NEW DELHI: If organisations such as Al-Qaeda think Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are being delusional, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told CNN International in an interview ahead of his much-anticipated US visit, adding that the fight against such outfits represents a battle between humanity and inhumanity.
"My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. Indian Muslims will live for India. They will die for India. They will not want anything bad for India," Modi told CNN's Fareed Zakaria in an interview to be aired on Sunday night.
Modi's intervention comes at a time Opposition parties have accused BJP of reverting to a hardline Hindutva agenda. In western UP, some local BJP leaders have launched a campaign against alleged instances of 'Love Jihad' — a supposed plot by Muslim men to seduce and marry Hindu girls with the purpose of conversion. After BJP's victory in the May general elections, a number of leaders of the party and the Sangh Parivar, notably RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, have described India as a "Hindu" nation.
They have also spoken of a larger Hindu identity for all Indians, including Muslims and Christians.
Replying to a question on "frictions and difficulties" in Indo-US ties, Modi said he was confident of building a genuine strategic alliance with the US.
The PM emphasised that the relations between two countries should not be seen solely from the prism of ties between New Delhi and Washington DC. "America has absorbed people from around the world...and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have coexistence in their natural temperament," Modi said, adding that India and the US are bound together by history and culture." These ties will deepen further," he said.
While there have been ups and downs in the Indo-US relationship, ties have deepened in the first decade of this century, Modi said. "Now, yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, has witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. That is why India and the United States of America are bound together, by history and by culture. These ties will deepen further."
After assuming office on May 26, Modi's foreign policy has been notable for its focus on Asian countries, particularly Japan, and with India's neighbours. Chinese President Xi Jinping concluded a three-day visit on Friday, and Modi has already visited Nepal and Bhutan.
Reflecting further on the threat posed by terror outfits such as Al-Qaeda, the PM said while he did not wish to indulge in "psychological and religious analysis" on why Indian Muslims had largely stayed away from such groupings, the issue had to be framed as a battle between "humanity and inhumanity" which concerned all mankind. "It's a question of whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity. Nothing else," Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat campaign should become mass movement: Narendra ModiMinistry of Rural Development
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of the launch of the Mission Swachh Bharat on October 2, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the mission should become the agenda of the entire country in the form of a mass movement.
Chairing a high-level meeting for reviewing preparations for the launch of the mission Modi said "the mission should become the agenda of the entire country in the form of a mass movement to be launched on October 2, with the aim of creating a clean India by 2019."
The activities on October 2 should not be limited to the Prime Minister`s functions in the national capital, he said.
Activities related to cleanliness should be undertaken in every village across the country, the Prime Minister said while highlighting the need for working together with state governments to make this mission a success.
"Gandhiji should be our inspiration for Swachh Bharat", he added.
Modi also highlighted the need for creating a legal architecture that would institutionalize the mission at all levels upto the village.
He asked the Ministry of Rural Development to explore the possibility of incentivizing best-performing villages and called for standards of cleanliness to be established for government offices.
The Prime Minister underlined the importance of creating specific roles for various public representatives, including MPs , MLAs , Sarpanches etc.
Union Ministers of Urban Development, Rural Development, Human Resource Development and Information & Broadcasting presented their concepts on the mission.
Towns along the bank of Ganga and its tributaries will be accorded top priority in mission Swachh Bharat, a release added.
Meanwhile, in his tweet today, Modi said "Compose a song that captures the essence of Mission Swachh Bharat & inspires others to join the movement".
It comes in the backdrop of the Prime Minister seeking people's views about Mission Swachh Bharat in an effort to reaching out to the people for his ambitious project for a clean India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Selling womens wear online a different ball gameYou are here: Home > Collections
Selling women’s wear online a different ball game, companies have learnt that hard way
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Singhal
(Sizes are an issue initially,…)
NEW DELHI: "Hi, your six body woes fixed," says the mailer from the ecommerce site. Regardless of how much you measure bust-wise or around the waist, or even if you have "wobbly arms", there's a dress just for you because "no body is perfect". Size really does matter, online retailers have come to realise.
While they've made deep inroads into selling electronics and books, ecommerce sites have figured out the hard way that selling women's wear online is a different ball game. Some brand owners actually don't think it will work because Indian women have body types that differ sharply from western ones, but others are working hard at solutions to crack the market. Adding to the difficulty is the lack of standardisation — one brand's size X differs from that of another.
A prominent American lingerie brand planning to enter India through ecommerce, avoiding the brick and mortar route, ran into this when it found that samples sent to India were inadequate. The company is now despatching bigger sizes to conduct fit tests before launching its products later this year. "The Indian body shape is different to the western body shape, so doing a fit test is extremely critical before you launch," says Nitin Chhabra, chief executive of ecommerce consultancy firm Ace Turtle, which is advising the US lingerie brand. "When we did the sample fit test, we found that the bra was not really fitting." He declined to identify the brand.
Biji Paul, a New Delhi homemaker, has actually stopped buying clothes online because they seldom fit her properly and she finds the returns process too tedious. She's sticking to traditional brick and mortar. On the other hand, Mansi Tiwari in Bhopal swears by online.
Sizes are an issue initially, especially when trying new brands, but reverse pickups are arranged in a day by online retailers. "Definitely, there's trial and error but exchanges happen easily." Besides, she points out, there's really no other option because Bhopal stores won't carry those brands or styles.
Clearly, there's huge market potential. Already, at the end of FY2014, fashion and lifestyle comprised 25% of India's $2.3 billion online retail business while electronics commanded a share of about 30%, according to retail consultancy Technopak Advisors. Fashion and lifestyle is expected to grow annually at 20-25% and the segment is expected to increase its share of India's overall online retail market to about 30% by 2019, by when the ecommerce total could be worth anywhere between $19 billion and $38 billion.
To be sure, the ability to drape different body shapes is part of what it means to be a successful global garment marketer--witness the Levi's Curve campaign, for instance. And, some experts are sceptical about whether this actually should constitute a hurdle at all.
"It is not a challenge and it was never a challenge. Human bodies in any part of the world are different. If someone says American bodies are uniform or British bodies are uniform, it completely misses the point because you have all types and shapes in every country anywhere in the world," says Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak Advisors.
"So, this was a myth being created earlier and it has been completely debunked by the success of brands like Zara, Mango and Forever 21." The solution, according to ecommerce site Fashionara.com, is to get as much detail as possible.
"We recognize that we are in the early stages of our venture so what we have done is that for every garment we sell on our site, we go deeper into measuring all those aspects including waist, chest, neck sizes, sleeve size," says Darpan Munjal, co-founder of Fashionara.com.
"You will see the chart we show on our site go into much depth than what a typical brand would carry on its label."Fashionara's customers have the option of ordering three different sizes to try at home and picking the one that fits. Almost 70% of consumers opt for this in the cities where the company offers this service, Munjal says.
Some companies that don't provide such facilities are grappling with higher return rates. Currently, almost a quarter of the orders on major e-commerce companies are returned and half of them comprise apparel sent back due to size issues, says Praveen Sinha, founder of Jabong.com.
  "Size is a challenge whether it is online or offline. Offline you can go for a trial," points out Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer of Myntra.com, which is being taken over by Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer.
Myntra is planning to introduce virtual measurement technology that will automatically convert the customer's known sizes.
"We are trying to provide a size comparison tool of brand A to brand B," says Subramanian. "It will ask what brand and which size fits you and ask what brand the consumer is looking at and it will recommend what size of that brand will fit the consumer."

Amway  Tupperware issue notices to e-commerce sites to halt saleAmway
(The items of these direct…)
NEW DELHI: Direct selling firms are facing the heat from online retailers . Amway, Tupperware and Oriflame have issued notices to e-commerce sites including Snapdeal, Flipkart and eBay , asking them to stop selling their products.
The merchandise of these three direct sellers is not only offered at discounts as high as 40% but also bypass and strike at the very heart of the direct-sales distributor model that these firms follow globally.
In the direct selling model, there are no sales through traditional retail outlets — companies hire distributors who, in turn, sell products to consumers. Most times, errant distributors themselves supply unsold stocks to e-commerce sites and the firms are working to identify and penalise them.
"Oriflame products are not allowed to be sold by unauthorised persons, entities and means and we have issued notices to these ecommerce platforms that are selling our products. The sale of our products on these online platforms not only diverts sales from our distributors but also undermines the essence of direct selling as a proposition," Vivek Katoch, director - corporate affairs at Oriflame, maker of cosmetics and personal grooming products, told ET.
Katoch said from a consumer point of view, some products need recommendations and usage details, which is not possible with online sales.
Tupperware, which sells plastic storage containers, too, has written to e-commerce sites. "We have written to many of the e-commerce sites informing them about the disruption they are causing to our distributors and sales force and requested them to stop selling our products on their websites," Tupperware CMO Chandan Dang said.
Dang added that the easy availability of discounted products on e-commerce sites has been disruptive for the firm's distributors and sales force and is hitting their earnings. The emergence of e-commerce sites, which are online marketplaces where vendors can sell a range of products, has disrupted traditional models of retailing. Earlier, some manufacturers had warned shoppers against buying their products from e-commerce sites, which they said were not authorised sellers.
Snapdeal, which has a network of more than 50,000 merchants and brands, said all vendors on its site are registered only after their applications are reviewed. "Snapdeal.com is an online marketplace where businesses can list and sell their products across diverse categories. All sellers are screened and registered businesses.
The decision on the pricing solely rests with the sellers," a spokesperson for Snapdeal said. The direct selling industry, with estimated sales of Rs 7,000 crore and growing at 12-14%, is one of the fastest-growing non-store retail formats in the country.
A spokesperson for the country's largest direct selling firm, Amway, which sells nutrition and beauty products, said: "Our code of conduct explicitly states that unauthorised Internet selling violates agreements with Amway and our rules department regularly monitors this activity to prevent prohibited selling. We have taken legal action in the past when these rules are violated and will continue to do so to protect customers and individual entrepreneurs - Amway business owners (ABOs)."
Amway business owners are the 'only' authorised sellers of Amway products. The firms have also written to the government through the Indian Direct Sellers Association (IDSA) to issue clear guidelines on this matter to protect the industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Army plane crashes in southwest PakistanPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:02 pm
A Pakistan Army aircraft today crashed in the southwestern Balochistan province, injuring two pilots.
The MFI-17 Mushshak trainer aircraft, crashed near the hills of Ziarat, about 40 kilometres east of provincial capital Quetta.
“Two pilots were wounded in the incident,” the army said.
They were later airlifted to a military hospital in Quetta for treatment and were in a stable condition.
The incident is under probe and the cause of the accident is not yet known.
Mushshak aircraft are widely used in Pakistan for training undergraduate student pilots.
The MFI-17 Mushshak is fitted with blind flying instrumentation. It is propelled by a single Textron Lycoming 4-cylinder engine with one twin-blade propeller.
It is locally manufactured and also exported to several Middle Eastern countries.

Centre urges tea industry to increase funding in researchCentre urges tea industry to increase funding in research
Pratim Ranjan Bose
Arun Narain Singh (right), Chairman of the Indian Tea Association, with Amit Mitra, Minister of Finance, Excise, Commerce & Industry, West Bengal, at the 131st Annual General Meeting of the ITA in Kolkata on Friday. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Sept 20:  
The Union Government has urged the tea companies to increase funding in research - particularly to enhance productivity, explore scope of mechanisation, quality and climate risk mitigation – for long-term sustainability.
Addressing the annual general meeting of the Indian Tea Association (ITA), on Friday, Rajani Ranjan Rashmi, Additional Secretary of Ministry of Commerce, said tea research in India was almost entirely dependent on government funding.
“Nowhere in the world, industry depends on government for research,” he pointed out.
Going forward, he said the government should participate in research activities spearheaded by the tea industry.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Gold Hits 14-month Low  Dips Below 27 000 LevelRBI Cautious on Response to Gold Import Surge: Report
New Delhi: Extending its losses, gold prices on Saturday dipped below the Rs 27,000-mark by losing Rs 40 to trade at about 14-month low of Rs 26,970 per ten gram in the national capital on sustained selling by stockists amid a weak global trend.
Besides, slackened demand from jewellers too weighed on the precious metal prices.
Silver also remained under pressure for the fourth straight day and slumped by Rs 1,275 to Rs 39,625 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiments remained bearish as gold tumbled to an eight-month low in global markets as equities surged to a record, dampening demand for the precious metal as an alternative asset, traders said
Gold in New York, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.8 per cent to $1,216.60 an ounce and silver fell 3.6 per cent to $17.84 an ounce.
In addition, strengthening of rupee against the dollar that made the import of precious metals cheaper and shifting of funds toward soaring equities too influenced the sentiment, they said.
Meanwhile, the rupee edged up to end at one-week high of 60.81 against the dollar.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity declined further by Rs 40 to Rs 26,970 and Rs 26,770 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on July 10 last year. The yellow metal had tumbled by Rs 440 in last trade.
Sovereign plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready nosedived by Rs 1,275 to Rs 39,625 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,110 to Rs 39,700 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 700 in the previous three sessions.
Silver coins, however, held steady at Rs 70,000 for buying and Rs 71,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 16:52 (IST)

 Alibaba s IPO May be the Largest in HistoryYou are here: Home Ipo
Alibaba IPO May be the Largest in History
Reuters | Updated On: September 21, 2014 15:06 (IST)
RBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
New York: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's shares soared 38 percent in their first day of trading on Friday as investors jumped at the chance for a piece of what is likely to rank as the largest IPO in history, in a massive bet on China's burgeoning middle class. (Read: Largest IPOs in Stock Market History )
It was an auspicious debut for the Chinese e-commerce company, which was founded by Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999 and now accounts for 80 per cent of online sales in China. ( Alibaba: Everything You Need to Know )
About 100 people gathered outside the New York Stock Exchange at Wall and Broad Streets, many of them Chinese tourists with cameras, and they cheered and snapped photos when Ma exited the building with the kung fu star Jet Li.
The stock opened at $92.70 shortly before noon ET (1600 GMT) and quickly rose to a high of $99.70, before paring gains to close at $93.89. Some 271 million shares changed hands, more than double the turnover on Twitter Inc's first day last year, although still short of volume for the General Motors Co and Facebook Inc IPOs.
"This is the most anticipated event I've ever seen in my 20-year career on the floor of the NYSE," said Mark Otto, partner with J. Streicher & Co, who trades on the NYSE floor. "I think today's move is sustainable: The company is profitable, unlike some of its competitors, and it is a way for traders to tap into the Chinese growth story."
The pricing of the IPO on Thursday initially raised $21.8 billion for Alibaba. Scott Cutler, head of the New York Stock Exchange's global listing business, told a TV news channel that underwriters would exercise their option for an additional 48 million shares, to bring the IPO's size to about $25 billion, making it the largest initial public offering in history.
But a source close to the matter said the underwriters would make a final decision on whether to exercise the option over the next week or two, based on how the shares trade over the next few sessions.
Alibaba is nearly unknown to most Americans but is ubiquitous in China. The company, which operates China's largest Internet shopping destination, Taobao, and retail site Tmall.com, earned $3.7 billion in the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, up about $2 billion from the prior 12-month period. ( Alibaba: China's Giant Online Shopping 'Crocodile )
At its closing share price on Friday, Alibaba has a market value of $231 billion, exceeding the combined market capitalizations of Amazon and eBay, the two leading US e-commerce companies.
Alibaba is valued at 39 times its estimated earnings per share for its current fiscal year, which ends in March. That is right in line with Facebook's valuation of 39 times forward earnings but nowhere near the lofty valuation of Amazon.com's multiple of 264, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
Trying to Chart the Stock's Future
The future path of Alibaba's shares is truly uncharted territory.
"It's very difficult to predict," said Stephen Massocca, managing director at Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "Is it going to trade based upon its true fundamental value, or is it going to become one of these cult stocks a la Tesla or Solar City, or some of these names where there really isn't a fundamental grounding to the valuation?
"And it's very difficult to see what bucket these guys are going to fall into," Massocca added. "My guess is there's a very high likelihood it does fall into this bucket, which would lead you to believe it does trade higher. But if you were to base it on a fundamental valuation, I would call it slightly overvalued at this price."
Morningstar analyst RJ Hottovy said that while he expected Alibaba to further grow revenues, it was entering an aggressive new investment stage that would likely pinch margins over the next couple of quarters.
Ma, a former English teacher who is now the company's executive chairman, boasts a personal fortune of more than $14 billion on paper, vaulting him into the ranks of such tech billionaires as Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of Alibaba's managers, software engineers and other staff. (Read: Alibaba's Jack Ma Rides 'Forrest Gump' Story to Riches )
The rise in the stock exceeds the average gain by new IPOs on US exchanges of late. In the second quarter, the average first-day gain was 9.2 per cent, according to Renaissance Capital IPO Intelligence. Underwriters usually aim for a gain of 10 per cent to 15 per cent on the first day.
Twitter last year saw its shares surge 73 per cent on their first trading day.
Demand was intense among retail investors. J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, said the company received customer orders amounting to about 70 per cent of what it saw for Facebook and about three times the customer orders it had for Twitter's IPO.
Assuming underwriters elect to sell additional shares, the company's initial public offering will become the largest in history, surpassing listings by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's in 2010 and by ICBC, another Chinese lender, in 2006.
What happened in Hong Kong
Alibaba Group's orange banners were festooned around the exchange, with its logo on NYSE computer screens. Ma watched several long-time customers ring the opening bell at 9:30 a.m.
"I don't want disappointed shareholders, I want to make sure they make money," Ma said of the pricing, on a TV news channel, adding that he worries most about keeping customers happy.
Similar euphoria greeted Alibaba.com when its stock debuted on the stock exchange in Hong Kong in November 2007 on the eve of the global financial crisis. The stock more than tripled on day one, but five years later Ma delisted the company at the IPO price after failing to impress investors.
The NYSE held extensive tests ahead of the hotly anticipated offering to ensure it would be able to handle heavy trading volume. A call on Friday with periodic updates on order matching and trading continued until about noon ET.
"We've had a lot of major IPOs, and when you have one it's always the biggest until the next biggest one comes along," said Ted Weisberg, floor trader with Seaport Securities in New York, who has been a member of the NYSE for 45 years.
The deal allows cornerstone Alibaba investors such as Japan's Softbank Corp and Yahoo Inc to profit from getting in on the ground floor at the company. Yahoo sold some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Shares of Yahoo were hit on Friday, dropping 2.7 per cent.
Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
In a measure of the mystique the Alibaba name carries with investors, shares in advertising company Chinanet Online Holdings Inc soared 92 per cent to $1.96 after it announced discussions were under way with Alibaba to offer digital advertising services to its online shopping site Taobao.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Mission to Mars: Contests  selfies with Mangalyaan before the D-dayComments
Four days ahead of Mangalyaan’s insertion into Mars, the Indian Space Research Organisation(Isro) launched a completion  --Cheer India to Mars—allowing the  space enthusiasts to showcase their thoughts about the Mars Orbiter Mission(MOM).
“We present to you a unique opportunity to be a part of ISRO’s Mars Orbiter Mission. Unleash your creativity and showcase your original thoughts and understanding about MOM in the form of text, infographics, video etc and you could walk away with exclusive ISRO collectibles,” the facebook page of Isro said on Friday.
The entries were to be posted as comments. The competition open to only Indian nationals closed on Saturday at 2 pm.  The post on competition has got more than 2000 likes and around 400 comments.
Smartur.com has developed Smartur App which  will provide users a platform to  experience and participate in India’s  most important space program  milestone.
As a part of the  program users of android mobile and iOS devices can also participate  in a contest ‘Mangalyaan and Me’ – whereby users are invited to upload innovative selfie with Mangalyaan and be eligible to win exciting prizes.
The App allows the participants to click and upload/share innovative pictures that can look like Mangalyaan is lifting off from their hands or out of their car or any  other idea that comes to their mind.
“The Smartur App is an augmented reality app that has been developed using a 3D model and provides the user with an almost ‘real’ experience of seeing the object (in this case Mangalyaan) in their living environment. This is made possible through Augmented Reality (AR) that allows one to experience the
next level of virtual imaging which transports characters or elements into their world,”  Neeraj Jewalkar, Founder & CEO of  Smartur.com said “India’s space program will achieve its most significant.
“We created the app because we wanted the people of India to know that our country is accomplished to do such a major thing,” Jewalkar said.
Meanwhile a cultural outfit in Kerala will be offering special prayers on the day for the  safety and success of the Mangalyaan Mission.
'Friends of Trivandrum', a local forum of Thiruvanathapuram, is planning to conduct 'pooja' and offerings in the name of Mangalyaan at the famous Pazhavangadi Ganapathy Temple on September 24.

How do you invest for goodSo what exactly is social enterprise investing?
By Merryn Somerset Webb
Nobody seems to know where to draw the lines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5990016-3f40-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A new smartphone app that can tell your state of mindSep 20, 2014 at 07:35pm IST
A new smartphone app that can tell your state of mind
10
0
Washington: Your smartphone may tell if you are depressed, stressed or lonely, thanks to a first-of-its-kind app that automatically tracks users' mental health, academic performance and behaviour.
The StudentLife app, which compares students' happiness, stress, depression and loneliness to their academic performance, also may be used in the general population - for example, to monitor mental health, trigger intervention and improve productivity in workplace employees.
"The StudentLife app is able to continuously make mental health assessment 24/7, opening the way for a new form of assessment," said Dartmouth College computer science Professor Andrew Campbell, the study's senior author.
Your smartphone may tell if you are depressed, stressed or lonely, thanks to a first-of-its-kind app that automatically tracks users' mental health, academic performance and behaviour.  ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
#smartphone smartphone apps
"This is a very important and exciting breakthrough," said Campbell.
The researchers built an Android app that monitored readings from smartphone sensors carried by 48 students during a 10-week term to assess their mental health (depression, loneliness, stress), academic performance (grades across all their classes, term GPA and cumulative GPA) and behavioural trends.
They used computational method and machine learning algorithms on the phone to assess sensor data and make higher level inferences.
The app that ran on students' phones automatically measured the following behaviours 24/7 without any user interaction: sleep duration, the number and duration of conversations per day, physical activity, where they were located and how long they stayed there, stress level, how good they felt about themselves, eating habits and more.
The researchers used a number of well known pre- and post-mental health surveys and spring and cumulative GPAs for evaluation of mental health and academic performance, respectively.
The results show that passive and automatic sensor data from the Android phones significantly correlated with the students' mental health and their academic performance over the term.
The results open the door to your phone automatically knowing if you are depressed, stressed or lonely. It can also help predict student GPA, researchers said.
Coupled with intervention software, students can track their mental health and academic performance indicators with the goal of improving both.
57

GE expansion into oil and gas rewardedGE reaping benefits of oil and gas services move
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aeb97c36-36af-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GEs Synchrony prices IPO at low endGE’s Synchrony prices IPO at low end
By Nicole Bullock and Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ec4c1b2-1805-11e4-a6e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

"Donne  depilatevi e tornate ad accudire gli uomini" (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
Raoul Bova e Luca Argentero: "Le donne? Troppo agguerrite. Devono tornare ad accudire gli uomini" (FOTO)
Laura Eduati, l'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Il motto di Raoul Bova: "Lui protegge lei, lei accudisce lui". Luca Argentero invece litiga con le donne che vorrebbero pagare metà del conto al ristorante.
"Gli uomini sono più team, fanno branco. Le donne sono più competitive, agguerrite", rispondono all'unisono in una intervista pubblicata dal settimanale Panorama con il titolo "Uomini, tornate a fare i maschi". In realtà lo svolgimento del colloquio meriterebbe un titolo speculare: "Donne, tornate a fare le femmine". Perché i due attori - Argentero è sposato con Myriam Catania mentre Bova si è appena separato e risulta fidanzato : entrambi sono protagonisti del film Fratelli unici in uscita al cinema il 2 ottobre - rivelano di trovarsi a disagio con molte delle donne che incontrano.
"Oggi alcune donne hanno bicipiti che ti sembra di abbracciare un uomo", dice Bova, il più loquace dei due. "Io penso che diritti e doveri siano di entrambi, poi ci sono compiti più femminili e altri più maschili". In poche parole: "Lui protegge lei, lei accudisce lui". Perché se la donna smette di essere la-donna-secondo-Bova allora volano gli stracci: "Se una donna vuole un uomo, deve permettergli di esserlo, altrimenti lui va in crisi. Lui, dal canto suo, non può delegare alla donna i propri compiti".
Soprendente, per il macho italiano Bova, "che in America gli uomini lascino guidare la donna al primo appuntamento. Sarò antico, ma l'uomo deve servire il vino. Lo insegno pure ai miei figli".
Infine la conversazione tocca quanto devono curare il proprio corpo gli uomini: no alla depilazione ("abominevole" dice Argentero). Per Bova tutto passa attraverso la forza fisica. Le donne invece devono depilarsi ovunque, anche se Argentero specifica: "Preferisco un pelo in più a una ragazza sguaiata"
Close
Tutti i volti di Raoul
di

Berlusconi mette sul tavolo di Renzi un manipolo di senatori NcdSilvio Berlusconi mette una fiche sul tavolo di Matteo Renzi: un manipolo di senatori Ncd tratta per tornare in Forza Italia
Pubblicato:
E-mail
Commento
C’è una fiche pesante che Silvio Berlusconi ha messo sul tavolo, nel corso dell’incontro a palazzo Chigi con Matteo Renzi . Ed è l’esistenza di una “pattuglia” di senatori di Ncd in trattativa per tornare a Forza Italia. Al Senato, ha spiegato l’ex premier, il gruppo di Forza Italia è destinato ad allargarsi. È anche in nome di questo “peso” che si sostanzia l’offerta di “soccorso azzurro” sulle riforme: non solo istituzionali, ma anche fisco e giustizia. Offerta, il cui primo atto si è manifestato in commissione lavoro al Senato, con l'astensione di Forza Italia sul jobs act.
Attualmente la maggioranza può contare su 169 senatori. Ma se l’Opa lanciata verso il partito di Alfano dovesse andare a buon fine, allora l’aiuto azzurro potrebbe essere determinante: “Con una maggioranza a 160 si balla" dice una fonte informata. I contatti li ha gestiti personalmente Silvio Berlusconi. Portandoli avanti tutta l’estate. L’Opa su Ncd porta al nome di Renato Schifani, la cui insoddisfazione per la gestione Alfano è ormai a livello di guardia. L’ex presidente del Senato ed ex capogruppo del Pdl ha capito che non sarà lui, come gli era stato promesso, il futuro presidente dei senatori del gruppone di centro composto da Ncd, Udc, fuoriusciti di Scelta civica e dei Popolari per l’Italia. Annunciato in pompa magna da Alfano, ancora non vede la luce. Proprio Schifani, nelle ultime settimane, ha avuto qualche contatto telefonico con Silvio Berlusconi all’insegna del disgelo e della ritrovata amicizia.
I segni del malessere del gruppo di Ncd sono rintracciabili ovunque. E non sono sfuggiti neanche alle antenne del premier. Tra i suoi fedelissimi, chiamati a verificare la consistenza della fiche berlusconiana che potrebbe indebolire la maggioranza, la convinzione è che la “trattativa” di Berlusconi con pezzi di Ncd sia reale. Gli “schifaniani di ferro” sono particolarmente attivi nell’ambito della partita su Csm e Consulta, dando segnali che stanno facendo una partita “autonoma”, segno tangibile di chi ha una “trattativa” aperta. Azzollini e D’Ali, non sono stati visti a tutte le votazioni. Mentre Giuseppe Esposito è stato avvistato mentre cercava di convincere altri parlamentari nel non rispettare le indicazioni date dai gruppi di votare Violante e Bruno. Analoga insofferenza sulla linea del suo partito viene mostrata da Simona Vicari, sottosegretario all’Economia. Proprio la Vicari, fedelissima di Schifani, ha ultimamente coinvolto nel suo staff l'ex portavoce di Nicola Cosentino, ben radicata nell'ambiente di Forza Italia.
E se il filone legato all’ex presidente del Senato – una decina di senatori in tutto – ha un canale “embedded” con Arcore, alla luce del sole dentro il partito di Alfano è venuta alla luce una frattura profonda. Come effetto del patto del Nazareno. Da un lato i filo-berlusconiani, che pensano alla ricucitura di un centrodestra con Berlusconi. E spingono per un posizionamento più critico nei confronti del governo per non morire ina sorta di terra di nessuno politica. La chiamano l’alleanza dei quarantenni: la capogruppo Nunzia De Girolamo, la portavoce del partito Barbara Saltamartini, il ministro Lupi e il vice-ministro Casero. Dall’altro chi ormai teorizza la necessità di un rapporto organico con Renzi, anche nella prospettiva di alleanze future, all’insegna del “mai più con Berlusconi”: il capogruppo al Senato Maurizio Sacconi, l’ex saggio del Quirinale Gaetano Quagliariello, il ministro della Sanità Beatrice Lorenzin. Gli ultimi due anche grazie al rapporto privilegiato che hanno costruito con Giorgio Napolitano.
In mezzo c’è Alfano. La rappresentazione plastica si è avuta l’altro giorno alla Camera nel corso dell’informativa del premier, nella quale non ha mai fatto appello alla sua maggioranza, né ha mai nominato il partito che esprime il ministro dell’Interno. Nel suo intervento la capogruppo di Ncd ha espresso delle critiche, posizionandosi su una linea “comune” di centrodestra. Alfano ha poi vergato una nota prima dei Tg per lodare Renzi lodandolo come “coraggioso”. È una frattura destinata secondo molti a diventare più profonda nelle prossime settimane: “Ncd – dice una fonte autorevole – è un’esperienza politicamente finita”. Col patto del Nazareno che regge, Forza Italia si allarga. E la trattativa con Berlusconi continua.
Altro:

Tagliare la pizza in due A Lugano costa 2 franchiPrevious Story
Next Story
Pizza, tagliarla in due a Lugano costa 2 franchi. Lo scontrino pubblicato su twitter dal giornalista Maurizio Canetta
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
"Mi taglia la pizza in due parti?" Quante volte l'avrete chiesto al pizzaiolo o al cameriere al momento dell'ordine? Farlo a Lugano però, potrebbe costarvi qualcosa, con un incremento del prezzo finale.
Lo testimonia Ii giornalista Maurizio Canetta, direttore della RSI (Radiotelevisione svizzera)  che ha ordinato una pizza in un ristorante del centro di Lugano e ha chiesto al cameriere la cortesia di tagliarla in due. Canetta si è ritrovato il conto fra le mani e si è accorto della voce "Tagliata in due" con accanto il prezzo che indica due franchi (1,65 euro). E ha pubblicato lo scontrino su twitter .
Se una tagliata in due costa 2 franchi, quanto costa una tagliata in 4? A #lugano un turista per amico. #senzalimiti pic.twitter.com/5kIXzYkT5F
— maurizio canetta (@mauriziocanetta) 17 Settembre 2014
Altro:

100 ricette di zuppe da cuocere a fuoco lentoPrevious Story
Next Story
100 ricette di zuppe da cuocere a fuoco lento: pollo, patate verdure e molto altro (FOTO)
Julie R. Thomson, L'Huffington Post
Pubblicato:
E-mail
Commento
Quando arriverà il primo freddo un piatto caldo sarà proprio quello di cui si può avere bisognno. C'è quella a base di pomodoro e formaggio alla griglia, la vellutata o crema con peperoncino, verdure o pollo, la minestra non può proprio mancare nella nostra vita. Ecco perché Huffpost Usa ha scelto una serie di 100 ricette di zuppe e minestre che noi vi riproponiamo.
1
Spezzatino di maiale e peperoni verdi
Simply Recipes
Get the Spezzatino di maiale e peperoni verdi ricetta di Simply Recipes
2
Get the Pasta e Fagioli ricetta di Jennifer Iserloh
3
Zuppa cremosa di pomodoro con crostini al burro marrone e aglio
How Sweet It Is
Zuppa di Noodle alla tibetana
Nate Tate and Mary Kate Tate
Get the Zuppa di Noodle alla tibetana ricetta di Mary Kate Tate and Nate Tate
5
Zuppa italiana di tortellini e salsiccia
Two Peas & Their Pod
Get the Zuppa italiana di tortellini e salsiccia ricetta di Two Peas & Their Pod
6
Ramen con salsa di soia
Food&Wine
Get the Ramen con salsa di soia ricetta di Food&Wine
7
Zuppa di pomodoro con melanzane grigliate
Simply Recipes
Get the Zuppa di pomodoro con melanzane grigliate ricetta di Simply Recipes
8
Get the Chili vegetariano ricetta di White On Rice Couple
9
Zuppa di pomodoro con anacardi piccanti
Daily Unadventures in Cooking
Get the Zuppa di pomodoro con anacardi piccanti ricetta di Daily Unadventures in Cooking
10
Get the Zuppa colombiana di pollo ricetta di Pip & Ebby
11
Zuppa cinese piccante e acida con gamberi
Verses from my Kitchen
Get the Zuppa cinese piccante e acida con gamberi ricetta di Verses from my Kitchen
12
Zuppa con pasticcio di pollo
How Sweet It Is
Get the Zuppa con pasticcio di pollo ricetta di How Sweet It Is
13
Zuppa di zucchine al curry e arancia con pancetta, salvia e panna acida
Verses from my Kitchen
Zuppa di pere e crescione
Verses from my Kitchen
Get the Zuppa di pere e crescione recipe ricetta di Verses from my Kitchen
16
Get the Zuppa cremosa di gamberetti recipe ricetta di Verses from my Kitchen
17
Pollo alla 'Holy Mole' e Chili
Five and Spice
Crema francese di porro con latticello e finocchio
James Ransom/Food52
Spezzatino africano di pollo e arachidi
Simply Recipes
Zuppa con semi di zucca, cocco e lime
Verses from my Kitchen
Get the Zuppa con semi di zucca, cocco e lime ricetta di Verses from my Kitchen
21
Zuppa di Noodle e arrosto di pollo
How Sweet It Is
Get the Zuppa di Noodle e arrosto di pollo ricetta di How Sweet It Is
22
Zuppa di porri, prezzemolo e radice di pastinaca
Simply Recipes
Zuppa piccante di pomodoro e lenticchie
Heather Christo Cooks
Get the Zuppa piccante di pomodoro e lenticchie ricetta di Heather Christo Cooks
24
Get the Zuppa di piselli spezzettati ricetta di A Little Zaftig
25
Get the Chili con carne ricetta di Damn Delicious
26
Get the Zuppa di crescione ricetta di Food52
27
Zuppa di aragosta e mais
A Pretty Life
Get the Zuppa di aragosta e mais ricetta di A Pretty Life
28
Get the Zuppa di mais ricetta di Delightfully Tacky
29
Zuppa di castagne e radici di prezzemolo
Verses from my Kitchen
Get the Zuppa di castagne e radici di prezzemolo ricetta di Verses from my Kitchen
30
Zuppa di zucca e peperoncino affumicato
Simply Recipes
Get the Zuppa di zucca e peperoncino affumicato ricetta di Simply Recipes
31
Zuppa di salsiccia piccante, patate e cavolo riccio
The Candid Appetite
Get the Zuppa di salsiccia piccante, patate e cavolo riccio ricetta di The Candid Appetite
32
Zuppa con mini polpette di pollo
How Sweet It Is
Get the Zuppa con mini polpette di pollo ricetta di How Sweet It Is
33
Get the Zuppa di fagioli rossi ricetta di Macheesmo
34
Get the Zuppa di cavolfiore ricetta di Macheesmo
35
Zuppa di zucca gialla, peperoncino affumicato e avocado
Cookie + Kate
Get the Zuppa di pomodoro affumicato ricetta di Lemon Fire Brigade
37
Get the Zuppa di broccoli ricetta di Everyday Food Challenge
38
Get the Zuppa di carciofi ricetta di Simply Recipes
39
Zuppa di broccoli e parmigiano
Macheesmo
Get the Zuppa di broccoli e parmigiano ricetta di Macheesmo
40
Zuppa di vongole del New England
Life as a Strawberry
Get the Zuppa di vongole del New England ricetta di Life as a Strawberry
41
Minestrone al pesto con verdure arrosto
Bev Cooks
Get the Minestrone al pesto con verdure arrosto ricetta di Bev Cooks
42
Crema di menta e piselli
Maria Teresa Jorge/Food52
Get the Crema di menta e piselli ricetta di Food52
43
Zuppa di cipolle francesi con Guinness
Jennifer Iserloh
Get the Zuppa di cipolle francesi con Guinness ricetta di Jennifer Iserloh
44
Zuppa di lenticchie all'aglio con aceto e olio d'oliva
Flat Art Studios

"Amore mio  non morire ti porter in Italia con me"Previous Story
Next Story
Le lettere d'amore dei migranti morti in mare. Messaggi mai spediti destinati alle mogli e alle fidanzate rimaste in patria
Repubblica
E-mail
Commento
Le portavano addosso come fossero delle reliquie. Molte erano persino sigillate dentro buste di plastica per non farle distruggere dal mare. Sono le lettere d'amore e di speranza inviate dai migranti "in fuga dal sud del mondo" alle loro mogli, fidanzate, madri che hanno lasciato nei paesi d'origine. Lettere mai arrivate a destinazione perché chi le ha scritte è morto nella traversata.
Proprio come Samir, un giovane egiziano tra i 20 e i 25 anni che - come riferisce il quotidiano La Repubblica - è arrivato cadavere a Pozzallo:
"Mio adorato amore, per favore non morire, io ce l'ho quasi fatta. Dopo mesi e giorni di viaggio sono arrivato in Libia. Domani mi imbarco per l'Italia. Che Allah mi protegga. Quello che ho fatto, l'ho fatto per sopravvivere. Se mi salverò, ti prometto che farò tutto quello che mi è possibile per trovare un lavoro e farti venire in Europa da me. Se leggerai questa lettera, io sarò salvo e noi avremo un futuro. Ti amo, tuo per sempre Samir"
O come quella di George, probabilmente di origine liberiana che "avrebbe scritto scritto alla sua amata quando dal porto di Zuhara salì su uno dei barconi salpato verso le coste di Lampedusa":
"Amore mio, finalmente sono arrivato. La vita comincia adesso, spero di tornare presto per portarti con me e vivere insieme lontani dalla guerra. Ti amo"
Lettere che, rilette oggi, sembrano quasi un testamento. Tra le righe spesso anche il racconto della "loro odissea", la traversata nel deserto, il pizzo pagato ad ogni frontiera e la paura che quel barcone su cui stanno per salire possa affondare. Repubblica riposta la testimonianza di uno dei poliziotti della squadra mobile di Ragusa, da mesi impegnato a Pozzallo:
"In alcuni fogli si leggono racconti della prigionia nelle carceri libiche, in attesa del trasferimento sui barconi che li avrebbero dovuti portare, vivi, in Italia. Troviamo di tutto in quelle tasche e nelle buste che portano attorno al collo. Fotografie dei figli, della moglie, dei genitori. Non sono utili alle indagini, ma quando le traducono ti fanno venire un groppo in gola"
Un giornalista del New York Times ne ha trovata una persino in un pacchetto di sigarette. Una lettera brevissima, scritta a mano in un dialetto eritreo.
"Volevo essere con te. Non osare dimenticarmi. Ti amo tantissimo, il mio desiderio è che tu non mi dimentichi mai. Sati bene amore mio. A ama R"
Altro:

Make in India: Most issues to be sorted out within 72 hoursThe initiative follows Modi’s Independence Day speech where he appealed to the world to ‘Make in India’. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:49 am
Problems and queries of businesses on starting and doing business in India — barring those needing policy changes — will be sorted out within 72 hours as part of the ‘Make in India’ initiative to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 25.
The initiative follows Modi’s Independence Day speech where he appealed to the world to ‘Make in India’. He had said: “Sell in any country of the world, but manufacture here.” The aim is to take the share of manufacturing in the country’s GDP from a stagnant 16% currently to 25% by 2022, as stated in the National Manufacturing Policy, and to create 100 million jobs by 2022.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), which is the nodal body doing the back-end work for the ‘Make in India’ campaign, is setting up a dedicated team of specialists, including lawyers, consultants and tax experts under ‘Invest India’ to resolve any problems faced by investors, official sources said.
‘Invest India’ is the country’s official agency dedicated to investment promotion and facilitation. Set up as a joint venture between FICCI (51% equity), DIPP (35% equity) and state governments (0.5% each), its mandate is to become the first reference point for the global investment community.
The ‘Make in India’ campaign, which will be done initially only through the digital medium, will have an auto-response mechanism where answers to all queries of investors will be given online within 24 hours.
The dedicated eight-member team of specialists will provide solutions within 48 hours to the difficult queries, while nodal officers (one in every government department) will ensure that the complex problems are resolved in 72 hours.
Queries such as those necessitating policy changes, which cannot be sorted out even after 72 hours, will be forwarded to the secretaries of the departments concerned to take quick action.
State governments also will be encouraged by the Centre to hire consultants and experts to revamp their business clearance processes so that India can fare better in the global ease of doing business rankings. India had fallen to a lowly 134th rank out of 189 countries this year (three down from 2013) in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business rankings.
Currently, it takes 12 procedures and 27 days to start a business, 35 procedures and 168 days to get construction permits and 1,420 days to enforce contracts in India.
The Centre on its part has the e-Biz project (facility for single application for multiple clearances along with an inbuilt payment gateway). The plan is to get states also to go paperless and ensure online applications and clearances soon.

China s deft ploy Aggression along border can keep India in checkprint
Were it not for the lingering historical acrimony between the two countries, one could have mistaken Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meeting this week for an unalloyed love-fest between two close friends. They smiled a lot, spoke the language of partnership, exchanged gifts, walked a riverfront and even shared a quiet dinner. There was also a promise of Chinese investments in India.
 
Even so, what remained by the time Xi left were not fond memories of a visit aimed to build bridges but unusual levels of tension and uncertainty along a disputed border where their soldiers stood eyeball to eyeball.
Read: Chinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
 
On a contested border stretch, an apparent incursion can sometimes be a matter of perception. The two countries have disputed their 3,500 km border, especially after a 1962 war in which China seized much of the Himalayan high ground that India sees as a strategic buffer against invaders. So, what one side views as a patrol along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), another side views as a violation, and vice versa.
 
But the frequency of Chinese border crossings betrays a pattern, one that has often been explained as a sign of a wider, growing territorial assertiveness by a country keen to alter the balance of global power.
 
Read: India, China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominance?
 
A calibrated escalation of the border dispute may, in reality, reflect Beijing's more deep-seated concern about a younger, restive generation of Tibetans growing up in India that their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, does not control.
 
An analysis of military statistics shows a sudden spike in Chinese incursions from 2007, around the same time young, restless Tibetans began speaking out against the “middle path” of the Dalai Lama and sharpened their anti-China protests. This included groups asking for an armed insurrection inside Tibet.
 
Chinese cross-border forays almost doubled from 140 in 2006 to 270 in 2008 and have since kept that level.
 
For a government already saddled with unrest by Uighurs in Muslim-dominated Xinjiang province, the possibility, however remote, of a Tibetan insurgency is clearly unsettling. 
 
Add to that the fears that a new generation of belligerent Tibetan exiles could become a bargaining chip for India.
 
Clearly for China, India has kept the Tibetan culture and political identity alive by sheltering the Dalai Lama, who was the bone of contention that led to the 1962 war.

BPO employee gangrape: Court to pronounce verdicttomorrowPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 11:11 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 11:12 am
A Delhi court is likely to pronounce its verdict tomorrow in the sensational abduction and gangrape case of a 30-year-old BPO executive from the northeast in Dhaula Kuan in 2010.
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat had on September 8 reserved the judgement after the final arguments were concluded in the case in which five persons were facing trial.
Shamshad alias Khutkan, Usman alias Kale, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin alias Mobile, had allegedly abducted the victim on November 24, 2010 while she was walking home with her friend after her shift had ended.
According to police, the accused took the victim to Mongolpuri, gangraped her, and left her on an isolated road there.
“Meanwhile, the victim’s friend, the prime witness in the case, alerted the police control room about the abduction. The police later arrested the accused from Mewat in Haryana,” the police had said in its charge sheet.
All the five adult accused, facing trial in the case, had claimed innocence and said that they were falsely implicated in the case.
They are facing trial under sections 376(2)(G) (gangrape), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 365 (abduction) of the Indian Penal Code.
During the investigation, Kamruddin, Shahid and Iqbal had refused to undergo test identification parade (TIP) after their arrest while the victim had identified Shamshad and Usman during the TIP.
During the trial, the police had claimed that the accused have also confessed to their crime.
According to charge sheet, after his arrest, Kamruddin had purportedly expressed remorse over the act before police.
The case had forced Delhi Police to issue an order to all BPOs in Delhi NCR to drop women employees home safely and provide them security during night.
The incident also led police to issue specific directions to PCR vans to remain visible on roads and that one officer
should remain outside the vehicle round-the-clock.

Mayank Gandhi booked for abetting sexual abuseMayank Gandhi booked for abetting sexual abuse
PTI  Mumbai, September 21, 2014
First Published: 10:43 IST(21/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:51 IST(21/9/2014)
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Mayank Gandhi was among the six persons booked here after a 21-year-old female party volunteer filed a criminal complaint against them, police said on Saturday.
 
While AAP activist Tarun Singh has been booked under section 354 (a) (sexual harassment), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation), 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of IPC, Gandhi and four others have been booked for abetting the crime, a police officer at Oshiwara police station said.
 
"The offence had occurred in April this year in suburban Oshiwara, ahead of Lok Sabha elections," said additional police commissioner Milind Bharambe.
 
"Based on the allegations levelled by the victim, an FIR was registered yesterday (on Friday). The victim alleged that she brought to Gandhi's notice the sexual advancements of some party workers, but he did pay heed to them. And hence, she approached the local police who registered the FIR yesterday," Bharambe said.
 
Refuting the charge of abetting the crime, Gandhi described the complaint as "politically motivated".
 
"When the female volunteer had complained to me against Tarun Singh saying he was harassing her, I pulled him up and immediately suspended him from the party. I asked the victim if she wanted to lodge an FIR against Tarun, but she refused," Gandhi told PTI.
 
An internal committee of the party had been enquiring into the matter after it was reported to it, Gandhi said.

Those under preventive detention have right to vote: Election Commission12
0
New Delhi: People under preventive detention have the right to vote, the Election Commission has said ahead of Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, and warned that there should be "no ground" for any grievance due to non-compliance of the directive.
Against the backdrop of allegations that political activists and leaders are being detained by police ahead of elections, the EC has written to the Chief Secretaries of Maharashtra and Haryana, reminding them of Section 62 (5) of the Representation of the People Act and the Conduct of Election Rules that specify that those in preventive detention are entitled to cast their votes by post.
The letter referred to the provisions in the Conduct of Election Rules under which the administration has to intimate the Returning Officer of each constituency the names of electors under preventive detention, along with their addresses, electoral roll numbers so that postal ballots can be sent to them to facilitate them exercise their franchise in the elections.
People under preventive detention have the right to vote, the Election Commission has said ahead of Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
#election commission #preventive detention #assembly elections in maharashtra #election rules
"... Instructions may kindly be issued to the concerned authorities to ensure that provisions...Are strictly complied with at the general elections and there is no ground for any grievance on account of non-compliance of the provision of the said (Conduct of Election) rule," the EC has said.
Seeking to remove any ambiguity, it said in case the authorities are not aware of the address of the Returning Officer of a detainee's constituency, they should send the details to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO).
In another letter issued to all CEOs, the EC has asked all state police chiefs to ensure that junior level police officials are not allowed to misuse power to deter a political activist to campaign for his or her leader or political party during elections.
It referred to a recent order of the Patna High Court which said that an official attached to a police station misused his powers to deter a person from campaigning in polls by threatening him with legal action.
It asked all DGPs and CEOs to ensure that no "indirect restrictions" are placed on campaigning during electioneering.
Assembly elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana in a single phase on October 15 and counting of votes will take place on October 19.
7

Watch: Narendra Modi s last interview in US before 1999 Lok Sabha electionsTMC MP arrested: Can Mamata survive the Saradha scam?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Love Commandos fighting for the cause of loveSep 21, 2014 at 10:52am IST
Love Commandos fighting for the cause of love
7
0
New Delhi: At a time when the country is being exposed to an oxymoronic term 'love jihad', countering such a concept is an organisation with an equally paradoxical name called 'Love Commandos'.
With a vision of uniting love birds who have attained the legal age of marriage, Love Commandos claimed to have united over 30,000 couple in a short spell of four years.
"We want lovers to unite no matter which caste, community, religion or place they come from. There should be a society where love prevails over everything," says Chairman of Love Commandos, Sanjoy Sachdev.
With a vision of uniting love birds who have attained the legal age of marriage, Love Commandos claimed to have united over 30,000 couple in four years.
#love commandos #love birds #love jihad #marriage
The voluntary organisation, which mainly operates in Delhi from its office in Paharganj area, claims to provide protection to couples and guards them from the wrath of their angry parents, families or police, helps them fight harassment and give them shelter so they can marry freely.
"Our organisation started in July 2010 after we helped a couple in Delhi to unite after the boy was falsely charged by the girl's family and had registered a police case against him," says Sachdev.
Its feisty, relentless fight for the cause of love continues unabated despite paucity of funds as one of its shelter homes operates as the group's makeshift office. It prefers to exist in perpetual liminality thinking too much visibility might lead to exposure of the eloped lovers.
"There are police cases lodged against many people whom we are helping and there are several groups who do not want us to continue with our activity," claims Sachdev, adding the circumstances often compels the organisation to constantly keep shifting their shelter homes.
The organisation has two helpline numbers that ring simultaneously in twelve cities across the country and on receiving a valid call for help the commandos swing into action.
Even though they only have seven permanent shelter homes across Delhi and NCR, the group sets up temporary shelter homes in other parts of the country whenever the need arises.
"If a couple needs assistance at place other than Delhi or NCR, we set up a shelter home nearby that area till the time we rehabilitated them," says Sachdev.
Although the organisation was functioning under severe financial crush, it has refrained from asking any help from the government, he says.
"It is becoming very difficult to operate with the soaring price of food, water, electricity, etc. We receive donations from people. Even legendary tennis player Bjorn Borg had donated to us twice."
He also alleges hostilities by police against the love birds accusing them of filing cases coming under pressure from their parties involved. "In some cases, families lodged FIR of kidnapping and rape against the boys even when the decision to marry or elope was a consensual one. The police often do not crosscheck."
The cause of prejudice against love marriage in India is due to the deep-cited problems of caste and religion, says Rajwant Kaur, a Ph.D Scholar in Sociology department in JNU.
"Indian society is mainly divided on the basis of caste and religion which is why parents do not allow love marriages, says Kaur.
Apart from that the problem of gender inequality, presence of a patriarchal society and societal opinions, are the other possible reasons.
However, the Indian laws are wholly amiable to the concept of people marrying according to their choice. "Marriage is a matter of personal choice and freedom.
Article 19 of our constitution guarantees right to freedom and that includes freedom of expression. Marriage is a very visible form of expression and every adult is allowed to express himself or herself in this regard," says Debashree Saikia, a trainee lawyer at the Supreme Court.
"Moreover Article 21 speaks of right to life. And right to life doesn't mean mere survival , it means living a dignified life. Marrying a person of one's choice guarantees a dignified life," she adds.
43

Facebook s Oculus unveils a new  upgraded prototype of its virtual reality headsetSep 21, 2014 at 10:26am IST
Facebook's Oculus unveils a new, upgraded prototype of its virtual reality headset
30
2
Los Angeles: Facebook Inc's Oculus VR unit announced an upgraded prototype of its virtual reality headset that has higher resolution and built-in audio, but the company said it is not ready to sell a device to consumers.
The new Crescent Bay device also is lighter than the most recent prototype of the Oculus Rift headset the company has made available to developers, Chief Executive Brendan Iribe said on Saturday at an Oculus developers conference in Hollywood.
"This is not the consumer product," Iribe said. But he added that "it is much, much closer."
The new virtual reality headset has higher resolution and built-in audio, but the company says it is not ready to sell it to consumers.
#facebook #oculus #virtual reality headsets
Facebook, the world's largest social network, acquired two-year-old Oculus in July for $2 billion, making a bet that the untested technology will emerge as a new social and communications platform.
The Oculus Rift goggles create a 360-degree view that immerses players in fantasy settings. Users mount the device on their heads with a strap.
127

SEBI bars 13 entities for large-scale GDR manipulationSEBI bars 13 entities for large-scale GDR manipulation
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 21:  
Regulator SEBI has barred as many as 13 entities from the securities market for five years in a matter relating to manipulation of global depository receipts (GDRs) issued by some Indian companies.
In a strongly-worded order, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) said that the illegal activities undertaken by these 13 entities can “jeopardise and tarnish the image of the securities market as a transparent and efficient way of raising capital, shaking the very foundation of capital market in India.”
A detailed probe by SEBI found that these entities actively traded in the shares of GDR-issuer companies and thereby facilitated the sub accounts of Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) in selling those shares in Indian markets.
In a 48-page order, SEBI has consequently barred Basmati Securities, Oudh Finance and Investment, Alka India, SV Enterprise/Sarfaraz Khan Pathan, Ashok Panchariya, Madanlal Girdharilal Bugualiya and Indra Varun Trade Impex from the capital markets for five years.
Others facing the prohibition include Delight Financial Advisors, Vinod Amrutlaal Naai, Newgen International, Excel Paints, Cherry Cosmetics and Edelweiss Estate.
Taking a lenient view in Gujarat Enterprise case, SEBI however said the company did not trade in the shares of GDR issuer firms but it is alleged to have acted as layer between the 13 entities for transfer of funds. SEBI however warned Gujarat Enterprise to “ensure that all its future dealings in the securities markets may be done strictly in accordance with law.”
Regulator also said that SV Enterprise, Oudh Finance and Investment, Basmati Securities and Alka India have already undergone a debarment of three years.
The prohibition already gone by these firms following a SEBI’s interim order in September 2011 “shall be reduced while computing the period of debarment being imposed vide this order.”
The SEBI probe revealed that GDR issue was devised by Pancharia in connivance with the issuer firms — Asahi Infrastructure & Projects, K Sera Sera, IKF Technologies, Avon Corp, CAT Technologies and Maars Software International — through a fraudulent manner. All of them made at least one GDR issue during 2007-09.
The securities were subsequently offloaded to Indian investors through various entities connected to Panchariya.
The 13 entities were connected to Panchariya and collectively referred as CP Group.
SEBI, through its interim order in September 2011, banned these issuer companies from issuing equity shares or any other instrument convertible into equities.
“I am of the considered view that trades in the scrip of the issuer companies were carried out by the CP group along with sub-accounts in an irregular and manipulative nature,” SEBI Wholetime Member S Raman said in the final order of September 19, 2014.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Five top features in Adobe Photoshop CC2014Adobe Creative Cloud 2014 was released a couple of months back.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:12 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 12:18 pm
Adobe has recently updated Creative Cloud with new features for 2014. In fact, there are too many features to be able to fit into a write up. But we will try and give you the new features that you should really be looking at and trying to use. In the first of a series of stories on different software included in CC 2014, we look at the latest version of Photoshop and the five most interesting new features.
1.    Blurs: Photoshop now comes with two new blur options, path and spin. These are ideal for creating a sense of motion or speed where there is none. For instance, if you have a picture of a windmill in the middle of a field, the spin blur can be used to create the impression of the fans moving at different speeds. On the other hand, the path blur can be used to seem as if the field was being swept by strong winds. All you need to do is create layers of the elements that you want to add the effect to.
2.    Focus area: Now the software knows where you were focusing while shooting something and can crop out just that part of the image for you. You can access this feature from Select> Focus Area. It takes a while for the image to render, but it is pretty much spot on with the focus. You will need to do a bit of fine tuning to get the crop right, but this can also be done easily without leaving the feature. It is easier to use with depth of field shots where the focus is clearly on one subject. But this has the potential to make life simpler for those who are not that good with cropping.
3.    Smart Guides: It is now easier to work on object without being hassled by rules and guides. Every object is locked to smart guides, visible when you click the selection tool. Click Alt+select and you can duplicate layers and moves then in a spaced grid. This process lets you easily align and position objects.
4.    Package Tool: With regular Photoshop users now getting hooked to the ease-of-use that comes with linked smart objects, Adobe has introduced the package tool that lets you create a folder of the images and linked smart objects so that you can share them in one go. It is a bit like the collect for output option in Quark Express.
5.    More fonts: Photoshop now shows missing fonts and directs you to the TypeKit app which gives you access to over a thousand fonts in your Creative Cloud subscription. It is also much easier to previews apps and all you need to do is select the layer with the text and hover the mouse over the font continued…

Love Commandos counters the concept of LoveJihadPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:07 pm
At a time when the country is being exposed to an oxymoronic term ‘love jihad’, countering such a concept is an organisation with an equally paradoxical name called ‘Love Commandos’.
With a vision of uniting love birds who have attained the legal age of marriage, Love Commandos claimed to have united over 30,000 couple in a short spell of four years.
“We want lovers to unite no matter which caste, community, religion or place they come from. There should be a society where love prevails over everything,” says Chairman of Love Commandos, Sanjoy Sachdev.
The voluntary organisation, which mainly operates in Delhi from its office in Paharganj area, claims to provide protection to couples and guards them from the wrath of their angry parents, families or police, helps them fight harassment and give them shelter so they can marry freely.
“Our organisation started on July 2010 after we helped a couple in Delhi to unite after the boy was falsely charged by the girl’s family and had registered a police case against him,” says Sachdev.
Its feisty, relentless fight for the cause of love continues unabated despite paucity of funds as one of its shelter homes operates as the group’s makeshift office.
It prefers to exist in perpetual liminality thinking too much visibility might lead to exposure of the eloped lovers.
“There are police cases lodged against many people whom we are helping and there are several groups who do not want us to continue with our activity,” claims Sachdev, adding the circumstances often compels the organisation to constantly keep shifting their shelter homes.
The organisation has two helpline numbers that ring simultaneously in twelve cities across the country and on receiving a valid call for help the commandos swing into action.
Even though they only have seven permanent shelter homes across Delhi and NCR, the group sets up temporary shelter homes in other parts of the country whenever the need arises.
“If a couple needs assistance at place other than Delhi or NCR, we set up a shelter home nearby that area till the time we rehabilitate them,” says Sachdev.
Although the organisation was functioning under severe financial crush, it has refrained from asking any help from the government, he says.
“It is becoming very difficult to operate with the soaring price of food, water, electricity, etc. We receive donations from people. Even legendary tennis player Bjorn Borg had donated to us twice.”
He also alleges hostilities by police against the love birds accusing them of filing cases coming under pressure from their parties involved. “In some cases, families lodged FIR of kidnapping and rape against the boys even when the decision to marry or elope was a consensual one. The police often do not crosscheck.”
The cause of prejudice against love marriage in India is due to the deep-cited problems of caste and religion, says Rajwant Kaur, a Ph.D Scholar in Sociology department in JNU.
“Indian society is mainly divided on the basis of caste and religion which is why parents do not allow love marriages, says Kaur.
Apart from that the problem of continued…

Seat-sharing row: How Sena s stand can affect BJP s plan of trumping Cong-NCP bigwigsThe Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have to shelve its master plan of defeating senior Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ministers in the assembly polls, if the Shiv Sena does not agree to redistribute or exchange seats.
Advertisement
Riding high on the Modi wave and its excellent show in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP is eyeing 59 assembly seats, some of which are represented by senior ministers, which are with the Sena but the latter has never won. In fact, these 59 seats are a major reason for the seat-sharing deadlock between the BJP and the Sena. The BJP wants around half these seats and has offered to consider conceding 19 seats it has never won.
The BJP’s carefully crafted plot will not work at all if the two parties decide to break the 25-year-old alliance and split votes in favour of the ruling parties, said a BJP leader. “The Sena has always fielded weak candidates against these established leaders, and based on our Lok Sabha experiment, we want to change this,” he added.
Read: BJP turns down Shiv Sena's new offer
Foremost on the BJP’s agenda is capturing NCP leader and home minister RR Patil’s Tasgaon-Kavthe Mahankal seat in Sangli district. It has inducted former NCP leader Ajit Ghorpade into the party fold for this purpose. Ghorpade gave then Congress MP Pratik Patil a run for his money as a BJP-supported independent in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. His friend in the NCP, Sanjay Kaka Patil, defected to the BJP earlier this year and ended the Congress’ unbeaten run in Sangli in the Lok Sabha after beating Pratik by a huge margin. Ghorpade may contest as an independent if the Sena rejects the BJP’s request to vacate the seat.
 
The BJP also wants the neighbouring Palus-Kadegaon seat, represented by forest minister Patangrao Kadam (Congress). Prithviraj Deshmukh, who fought the last elections as an independent, is now BJP’s prospective candidate. The Sena did not contest here the last time, but has staked its claim now.
Read: Cong, NCP join fight club , disagree over seats
The BJP is also eyeing the Belapur seat, which is represented by excise minister Ganesh Naik. In 2009, the Sena had allowed the BJP to field real estate developer Suresh Hawre. Sources said the Sena is not willing to give up the seat this time for BJP aspirant and import from NCP, Manda Mhatre.
Others on the BJP’s hit list are minister of state Amit Deshmukh (Latur city), water supply minister Dilip Sopal (Barshi) and higher education minister Rajesh Tope (Jalna) where the Sena has rarely won. The party has also asked for Guhagar, which it had given in 2009 to the then Opposition leader Ramdas Kadam, who lost to minister Bhaskar Jadhav (NCP) in a triangular fight triggered by then sitting BJP legislator and rebel Vinay Natu. Natu has made the BJP his home again and will challenge Jadhav.
The party is also in talks with seven-term Congress MLA from Karad, Vilas Undarkar, because chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is looking to contest from here. Patil, however, is unwilling to vacate the seat.

http://usat.ly/1uqrHPZFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
New indictment against ex-BP exec
A federal grand jury has issued a new indictment against a former BP executive charged with obstructing a congressional investigation into the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
Post to Facebook
New indictment against ex-BP exec A federal grand jury has issued a new indictment against a former BP executive charged with obstructing a congressional investigation into the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ul6zuc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New indictment against ex-BP exec
AP 8:08 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
A sign for a BP filling station in London.
(Photo: Oli Scarff, Getty Images)
26 CONNECT 26 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW ORLEANS — A federal grand jury has issued a new indictment against a former BP executive charged with obstructing a congressional investigation into the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
Friday's superseding indictment makes adjustments to existing obstruction of Congress and false statement charges against David Rainey, who faces a March 9 trial. It follows months of appeals over whether Rainey could be tried on the obstruction charge. Ultimately, an appeals court said that he could.
Prosecutors allege that Rainey — during a May 2010 congressional briefing — failed to disclose information about the rate that oil was spewing from BP's blown-out well following the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion.
They also claim Rainey gave false information to a subcommittee chairman. Rainey has pleaded not guilty.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ul6zuc
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

http://usat.ly/1pnBKBcFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white
Groupon may be based in one of the nation's most diverse cities but its work force is not.
Post to Facebook
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white Groupon may be based in one of the nation's most diverse cities but its work force is not. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saSinJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
19
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 4 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
Employees at Groupon pose in silhouette by the company logo in the lobby of the online coupon company's Chicago offices.
(Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP)
88 CONNECT 80 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Groupon is headquartered in Chicago where a third of the population is black and nearly a third is Hispanic.
But the city's Internet powerhouse does not reflect that rich diversity.
The overwhelming majority of Groupon's 12,000 employees in the U.S. are white — 71% — while 4% are black and 5% are Hispanic.
Voices: Silicon Valley has a diversity deficit
The numbers are even more anemic when it comes to leadership in the company: 88% of leaders around the world are white and 76% of leaders in the U.S. are white. In the U.S., blacks and Hispanics each account for 1% of Groupon leaders.
Women fare better at Groupon. Around the world, 53% of the company's workforce is male. But women make up a fraction of leadership at the company and account for 18% of tech workers.
In a blog post disclosing the diversity of its workforce for the first time, Groupon claimed to have an "inclusive culture."
But Nadia Rawlinson, Groupon's vice president of human resources, conceded, "we recognize that there is more we can do."

BPO employee gangrape: Delhi court to pronounce verdict on Monday15
1
New Delhi: A Delhi court is likely to pronounce its verdict on Monday in the sensational abduction and gangrape case of a 30-year-old BPO executive from the northeast in Dhaula Kuan in 2010.
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat had on September 8 reserved the judgement after the final arguments were concluded in the case in which five persons were facing trial.
Shamshad alias Khutkan, Usman alias Kale, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin alias Mobile, had allegedly abducted the victim on November 24, 2010 while she was walking home with her friend after her shift had ended.
Man rapes 45-year-old woman on pretext of giving her a lift
#bpo employee gangrape #dhaula kuan #delhi court
According to police, the accused took the victim to Mongolpuri, gangraped her, and left her on an isolated road there.
"Meanwhile, the victim's friend, the prime witness in the case, alerted the police control room about the abduction. The police later arrested the accused from Mewat in Haryana," the police had said in its charge sheet.
All the five adult accused, facing trial in the case, had claimed innocence and said that they were falsely implicated in the case.
They are facing trial under sections 376(2)(G) (gangrape), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 365 (abduction) of the Indian Penal Code.
During the investigation, Kamruddin, Shahid and Iqbal had refused to undergo test identification parade (TIP) after their arrest while the victim had identified Shamshad and Usman during the TIP.
During the trial, the police had claimed that the accused have also confessed to their crime.
According to charge sheet, after his arrest, Kamruddin had purportedly expressed remorse over the act before police.
The case had forced Delhi Police to issue an order to all BPOs in Delhi NCR to drop women employees home safely and provide them security during night.
The incident also led police to issue specific directions to PCR vans to remain visible on roads and that one officer should remain outside the vehicle round-the-clock.
13

Govt issues order for appointment of ED officer in 2G scamGovt issues order for appointment of ED officer in 2G scam
Maharashtra will be robbed if BJP comes to power: Atul AnjanMaharashtra will be robbed if BJP comes to power: Atul Anjan
Parsvnath sells 140 acres of land for Rs 665...You are here: Home > Collections
Parsvnath sells 140 acres of land to Supertech for Rs 665 crore
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 12.36PM IST
Tags:
Gurgaon property market
(With this deal, Kotak Realty…)
NEW DELHI: Realty firm Parsvnath Developers has sold 140 acre land at Sohna, Gurgaon, to Supertech Ltd for Rs 665 crore as part of plans to divest non-core assets to cut debt and complete ongoing projects.
With this deal, Kotak Realty Fund has exited this township project. It had invested Rs 110 crore in the project in 2012.
According to sources, Parsvnath has entered into agreement with another builder Supertech, selling the land for Rs 665 crore. Of 140 acre, 100 acre is licensed and the approval for 40 acre is expected shortly.
Parsvnath had last week informed the BSE that it has transferred the land and development rights in the township project to Supertech but did not give any financial details.
When contacted, Parsvnath Developers Chairman Pradeep Jain said: "We have monetised this asset as per the company's strategy to reduce the debt and strengthen the execution of ongoing projects".
When asked about the size of the deal, he did not make any comments.
Parsvnath has a debt of about Rs 1,200 crore, which will come down after this deal.
As part of the monetisation plan, the company is looking to either sell the land parcels in South-West India or form joint ventures with local builders for development. These land parcels in different cities of south and western states are worth about Rs 1,000 crore.
In the company's annual report, Jain told shareholders that the company has laid out a clear set of priorities for the next 12-24 months to improve profitability.
"The strategic focus is on assessing and evaluating our assets, business and markets, and accordingly sell non-core assets that are not aligned with our core business in terms of development potential. We are also working towards asset monetisation by raising long-term capital to reduce the debt," he added.
Parsvnath has called the annual general meeting (AGM) on September 23 to seek shareholders' approval to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through private placement of non-convertible debentures (NCDs).
The company is executing about 50 projects with a total area of about 80 million sq ft. It posted a net profit of Rs 16 crore over a turnover of Rs 561 crore last fiscal.
Noida-based realty firm Supertech has entered into Gurgaon property market and is looking to expand its presence in the IT city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Assessees will not be made to wait to meet o...Assessees will not be made to wait to meet tax officials
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 12.16PM IST
Tags:
assessees
(As per the current practice,…)
NEW DELHI: In a tax-payer friendly move, the revenue department has directed its officials to fix meetings with assessees in such a manner so that they do not have to wait.
As per the current practice, tax officials call assesses for meetings at one time and they have to wait for long hours for their turn.
"We issued clear instructions that the time should be so fixed that tax payer and assessee when called for whatever reason, for adjudication/hearing, he should not be made to wait unnecessarily and for timing between two meetings there should be adequate spacing," a top revenue department official said.
There are about 3.7 crore tax payers, while the officials from Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) are able to scrutinise only one per cent of the returns. So roughly about 3-3.5 lakh returns are being scrutinised.
The initiative form part of the exercise to make the tax administration non-adversarial and tax payer friendly.
Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das had recently said the department's key objective is to foster non-adversarial tax administration and towards this has tried to reduce the interface between the tax officials and assessee.
"Number of steps have been taken on non adversarial tax administration. We have had in the recent weeks discussions between the CBDT and CBEC. Very shortly we will be coming out with certain guidelines which is for the department officials to follow to foster a more transparent and a more non- adversarial tax administration," he said.
The government has targeted to raise Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in the current fiscal, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1ob3rOfAl Jazeera counters Gore lawsuit by claiming unseen costs
Al Jazeera counterclaims Gore's lawsuit by claiming it kept escrow funds to pay unseen costs
Post to Facebook
Al Jazeera counters Gore lawsuit by claiming unseen costs Al Jazeera counterclaims Gore's lawsuit by claiming it kept escrow funds to pay unseen costs Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saCdyn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Al Jazeera counters Gore lawsuit by claiming unseen costs
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 5:22 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
[WireImage] Joie Chen, host of the new Al Jazeera America nightly news program America Tonight, sits at the anchor desk in the network's studio space at the Newseum in Washington, DC, August 16, 2013. Al Jazeera America, a cable news network set to launch on August 20, will have 12 bureaus in major cities in the US, three broadcast centers, a headquarters in New York City, and around 900 journalists and staff. AFP PHOTO / Saul LOEBSAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images
(Photo: SAUL LOEB AFP/Getty Images)
34 CONNECT 35 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Responding to a lawsuit by former Vice President Al Gore, Al Jazeera America, the U.S. media operation of Al Jazeera, says it kept the escrow funds from its purchase of a cable network from Gore and his business partners to pay for subsequent, unforeseen claims.
In January 2013, Al Jazeera, the media conglomerate controlled by the Qatari government, paid about $500 million to Gore, businessman Joel Hyatt and their business partners to buy Current TV, a ratings-challenged cable news network that was distributed to about 50 million homes.
Al Jazeera replaced Current TV with its own news operation aimed at the U.S. audience, Al Jazeera America, in hopes of broadening its influence. But citing the change-of-ownership provision in the contract, Time Warner Cable, the second largest U.S. cable company, dropped the network before eventually agreeing to reinstate it.
AT&T also refused to carry the network for several months, triggering a lawsuit from AJAM.
RELATED: Al Jazeera America: Will America buy it?
After their sales contract was finalized, AJAM and Gore's company, Current Media, set aside a portion of the sales price in an escrow account for other claims that may arise following the sale.
In August, Gore and his partners sued AJAM for keeping about $65 million of those funds, claiming that AJAM wants to give itself a discount. AJAM "manufactured several ways to raid the entirety of the escrow balance in express violation" of the agreement, Gore's lawsuit claimed.
REM RIEDER: Al Jazeera America, intriguing new cable player
In an e-mail, David Boies, the attorney who represents Gore, Hyatt and their business partners, repeated the broad argument of their complaint and said that Al Jazeera "improperly tried to use (the) escrow funds to pay the distributors that it wants to carry its channel in the U.S."
"After trying to block our clients' request that their entire complaint be made public, Al Jazeera has now responded by making false claims to defend its behavior," he said.
In its response filed Thursday, AJAM said it kept the funds because it incurred other costs stemming from the deal, including legal fees related to the AT&T lawsuit, financial claims from pay-TV distributors and claims from other third-parties. "Al Jazeera admits that it submitted five claims certificates," its counter filing said. "Al Jazeera denies all remaining allegations."
In Al Jazeera's filing, details of the financial claims made by pay-TV distributors and other financial terms of the sales agreement were redacted.
"Given that Qatar's Al Jazeera has now gone from a news organization that had been seeking to prevent news contained in the legal filings from being made public to a news organization that is now fabricating news, is it any wonder that the channel is failing to grow an audience?" said Christopher Lehane, a spokesperson for Hyatt and Gore, in a statement.
34 CONNECT 35 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1saCdyn
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

"Ti aspetto come volontario" "Non accetto lezioni"Previous Story
Next Story
Bruno Vespa Vs Giuliano Pisapia su twitter. Il sindaco: "Ti aspetto sul campo" . Il giornalista: "Non accetto lezioni" (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
"Nessun bambino di qualunque origine può dormire sui cartoni alla stazione centrale di Milano". E' questo il tweet che innesca la polemica sul social network tra Bruno Vespa e il sindaco di Milano Giuliano Pisapia. Il cinguettio del giornalista si riferisce alla foto che ha fatto il giro del web del bambino siriano che dorme su un cartone alla stazione di Milano. Ma la stoccata non è andata giù al primo cittadino che ha prontamente ribattuto: "@BrunoVespa È una vergognosa forzatura di un dramma. 12.000 bambini accolti in un anno. Verificare le fonti non è più prassi giornalistica?". E poi: " Da 10/13 @ComuneMI ha accolto ca 40.000 persone. Bimbi e famiglie sono subito portati nei ricoveri: ne ospitiamo 1400 a notte". Infine l'affondo: "Comunque grazie per la sensibilità dimostrata: volontari e operatori @ComuneMI ti aspettano per un tuo contributo sul campo".
La frecciata non è piaciuta però al giornalista che ha risposto a tono: "Sul volontariato non accetto lezioni. Da 30 anni assisto molti più adulti e bambini  di quanto immagini @giulianopisapia. Carte alla mano". E poi: "Troppo suscettibile per una segnalazione imbarazzante che non annulla quel che di buono fa il comune di Milano".
Close
Vespa Vs Pisapia su twitter
di

Agnese Landini in coda coi prof precari  ma rimane senza cattedra (FOTO)Previous Story
Next Story
Agnese Landini senza cattedra. La moglie di Renzi in fila con i precari della scuola ma non ottiene il posto (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Agnese Landini, moglie di Matteo Renzi, avrebbe preferito continuare a insegnare anche quest'anno. Insomma, niente aspettativa per seguire il marito insediato a palazzo Chigi. Ma non è riuscita a ottenere la cattedra.
Lo scrive la redazione fiorentina di La Repubblica:
"Amo moltissimo il mio lavoro, e quindi sì, sono qui, in coda fra i precari come una comune mortale con la speranza di avere una cattedra da supplente. Che c'è di strano? Con mio marito ne avevamo parlato, non ce la facevo a rimanere in aspettativa".
Agnese Landini, moglie di Matteo Renzi, si è presentata stamani al liceo scientifico Russell Newton di Scandicci, in provincia di Firenze, dove sono stati convocati i docenti precari per l'assegnazione delle supplenze nelle scuole medie e superiori. Lei, insegnante di italiano e latino nei licei, era nella grande sala delle nomine insieme alle amiche e colleghe, ma non ha potuto ottenere un posto. "Sono 35esima nella graduatoria della mia materia, per la quale però assegnano soltanto 25 ruoli a tempo pieno". I funzionari dell'ufficio scolastico provinciale le hanno offerto solo qualche "spezzone", cioè part time di poche ore, ma lei ha rifiutato. "Aspetto le graduatorie di istituto, capita spesso che si liberino posti dopo questa prima ondata di nomine".

Attore ubriaco sbaglia hotel e dorme in una casa qualunqueAttore ubriaco sbaglia l'ingresso dell'hotel e dorme in una casa privata
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
Era convinto di essere entrato nella sua stanza d'albergo a Roncade, provincia di Treviso. Si era trascinato a fatica sul letto (stranamente più scomodo della sera precedente) spogliandosi del completo elegante e aveva dormito come un sasso per tutta la notte. Al mattino, ancora intontito dai troppi bicchieri di vino bevuti la sera prima al matrimonio, era andato in bagno senza nemmeno rivestirsi. Chissà che stupore deve aver provato quando si è trovato di fronte la proprietaria di casa che lo guardava con gli occhi sbarrati e il telefono in mano, pronta a chiamare i carabinieri.
Protagonista della disavventura un attore britannico di 24 anni che ha recitato nei film 'Etenity ' e ' Lo hobbit '. Il giovane era arrivato in Italia qualche giorno prima per partecipare ad una festa di matrimonio nel trevigiano. Un viaggio segnato dalla sfortuna fin dalla partenza. Mentre caricava il suo bagaglio a mano nella cappelliera dell'aereo una valigia gli era caduta in testa ferendolo.
Scosso dall'incidente l'attore aveva deciso di consolarsi al party nuziale. Gli amici hanno raccontato che aveva bevuto così tanto da non essere quasi più in grado di reggersi in piedi. Così, venuto il momento di tornare a casa, lo avevano caricato su un taxi che avrebbe dovuto portarlo a destinazione. L'uomo, all'ultimo momento, si è però fatto lasciare per strada, poco prima dell'albergo, per proseguire a piedi. Peccato che invece di entrare nell'albergo sia entrato in una casa privata, la cui porta d'ingresso era rimasta aperta per errore.
Chiarito l'accaduto con l'aiuto dei carabinieri, per l'attore britannico non ci saranno conseguenze perché la donna e il proprio compagno hanno deciso di non sporgere denuncia per violazione di domicilio .
Altro:

Calci e pugni alla sorella di Bossetti: ricoverata (FOTO)Letizia Laura Bossetti, sorella di Massimo, aggredita: "Tuo fratello è un assassino". Ricoverata all'ospedale (FOTO)
L'Huffington Post
E-mail
Commento
La sorella di Massimo Bossetti è rimasta vittima di un'aggressione a Terno d'Isola, nel Bergamasco. Letizia Laura Bossetti, gemella dell'uomo accusato dell'omicidio di Yara Gambirasio, è stata avvicinata da tre uomini mentre stava salendo in auto nei garage del condominio dove abitano i genitori. I tre l'avrebbero presa a calci e pugni dando dell'assassino al fratello, fino a farle perdere i sensi. Ora è ricoverata al policlinico di Ponte San Pietro.
Pare che una prima aggressione, limitata a spintoni e insulti al fratello, fosse già avvenuta qualche settimana fa, mentre precedentemente le era stata fatta trovare la pagina di un giornale dedicata al delitto di Yara.
Nel frattempo un testimone racconta di avere visto il presunto assassino di Yara pregare sulla tomba della ragazzina uccisa. Riporta l'Eco di Bergamo:
Gino Crepaldi, ex paracadutista, questo il nome del testimone. afferma di aver visto Bossetti lo scorso anno, a settembre, il 10 o l’11, al cimitero di Brembate Sopra dove si era recato con la moglie Maria Grazia.
«Quando Bossetti è stati arrestato a giugno - dice Crepaldi alla giornalista di Giallo - ho visto la sua foto su un giornale online. Ci ho pensato un attimo e poi mi sono ricordato tutto. Ho battuto un pugno sul tavolo e ho detto: porca miseria!Ma è il signore che ho visto al cimitero».

Toshiba Lighting looking to set up manufacturing base in IndiaToshiba Lighting looking to set up manufacturing base in India
SpaceX Falcon rocket blasts off from FloridaSpaceX Falcon rocket blasts off from Florida
Asian Games: Jitu Rai leads Indian team to bronzeAsian Games: Jitu Rai leads Indian team to bronze
Modi greets New Zealand PM on poll victoryModi greets New Zealand PM on poll victory
LIC to invest Rs 3 trillion in markets this yearLIC to invest Rs 3 trillion in markets this year
Retail sector to grow at 16% rate over next 3 yrs: reportRetail sector to grow at 16% rate over next 3 yrs: report
Natco Pharma  Orchid get a strong dose of US FDA medicineThe USFDA had inspected Orchid’s manufacturing unit located in Waluj in Maharashtra in late April 2014.
Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:35 am
Natco Pharma and Orchid Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals have received an adverse observation report, commonly known as Form 483, after inspections conducted in their manufacturing units earlier this year by the US Food and Drug Administration, according to documents reviewed by FE.
Natco, which was in news for battling Teva Pharmaceutical Industries over the patent of the latter’s multiple sclerosis drug Copaxone, was issued the Form 483 dated May 23 after a five-day inspection of its finished dosage facility located in Mahabubnagar district in Telangana.
Click here for graph
The regulator has made six observations, all of which pertain to quality control standards.
“There are no written procedures for production and process controls designed to assure that the drug products have the identity, strength, quality and purity they purport or are represented to possess,” USFDA investigator Luis Dasta wrote.
The report, addressed to BR Reddy, director (operations), pharma division, Natco, adds that the quality control unit “lacks responsibility to approve or reject procedures or specifications”that impact quality and purity of drugs.
The Mahabubnagar facility manufactures around 1,500 million tablets and capsules and 45 million tonnes of pellets annually, and employs 600 people, according to Natco’s website. Natco did not respond to queries seeking comment.
The USFDA inspected Orchid’s manufacturing unit located in Waluj in Maharashtra in late April 2014. The regulator issued seven observations in its report where they raised issues with the company’s quality system.
The inspection report, signed by USFDA inspectors Kham Phommschanh and Paul Bonneau, says “test procedures are not scientifically sound and appropriate to ensure that raw materials, intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) conform to established standards of quality and purity”.
The report, dated April 25 and addressed to Orchid’s executive vice-president of manufacturing, PN Deshpande, gives an example of a technician whose process of disinfecting the hand “may possibly resulted in false negative findings”.
“Equipment cleaning/-sanitation study does not address microbiological and endotoxin contamination for those processes where there is a need to reduce total microbiological count or endotoxins in the API, or other processes where such contamination could be of concern (example: non-sterile APIs used to manufacture sterile products),” the investigators wrote.
US based injectable drugmaker Hospira bought Orchid’s generic injectable pharmaceuticals business in December 2009 for $400 million and its API and research and development facilities in August 2012 for $218 million, according to Bloomberg.
“The Form 483 observations have been responded to appropriately. The Aurangabad plant is part of the Business Transfer Agreement (BTA) with Hospira and has been transferred to them. The BTA was entered into in August 2012 and the transaction was completed in early July 2014, for which the cash consideration was also received,” an Orchid spokesperson said in an emailed statement.
India is an important market for the US regulator as it accounted for continued…

India signs pact with China to better trade ties  gets 20 billion dollars as Chinese investmentPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 5:05 pm
India on Thursday signed a 5-year trade and economic cooperation agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance and obtained USD 20 billion Chinese investment into the country.
The ‘Five year Trade and Economic Development Plan’ was signed by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting President Xi Jinping.
The agreement lays down a medium term roadmap for promoting balanced and sustainable development of economic and trade relations between China and India, on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
Among other things, it seeks to reduce bilateral trade imbalance and strengthen investment cooperation to realise USD 20 billion investment from China in 5 years.
Also a transparent, stable and investor friendly business environment and an enhanced cooperation between Chambers of Commerce and financial sectors of the two countries would also be covered under the pact.
The trade gap between the two countries stood at USD 35 billion in favour of China. The total bilateral trade was at USD 66.4 billion trade last year.
Sitharaman and Gao also signed the minutes of the tenth session of India-China Joint Economic Group held earlier this month in Beijing.
Both sides during the Beijing meeting held detailed discussions on various issues to promote broad and deep bilateral trade and economic cooperation and agreed to undertake measures to achieve sustainable and balanced trade.
Specific measures to enhance market access to Indian products such as agricultural and pharmaceutical, and export of services were also discussed during that meeting.

What s Different About SpiceJet on WeekendsIncome Tax Department Conducts Searches on Sahara Group in Delhi, NCR
Have you noticed anything different while flying SpiceJet over the weekend? If no, then a closer look at the cabin crew would make you realise they are not in their usual uniforms.
The SpiceJet cabin crew has a weekend uniform, the only Indian carrier to have separate attire for weekends. While the female crew wear colourful kurtis and jeans, the male cabin staff wear polo t-shirts with denims, from Friday to Sunday.
"SpiceJet's new approach includes creating much warmer, friendlier, more natural ambience for its customers on board the aircraft.The weekend uniform was a natural extension of this philosophy. We also felt that it would appeal to corporates who are increasingly into casual dressing on Fridays, it would improve their moods and make them more relaxed cheerful on Fridays and weekend flights," SpiceJet chief operating oficer Sanjiv Kapoor said.
An airhostess with IndiGo who did not wish to be named said, "It would be fun if other Indian carriers followed suit. It's definitely a nice initiative."
However a pilot with IndiGo who also did not wish to be named, as they are not authorised to speak with the media, believes a consistent uniform through the week is better. "As such weekends are non-existent for us, it is more for display and the passengers," he said on having separate weekend wear for the flying staff.
"A consistent uniform tells you in case of an emergency or in case of any distress who the person in authority or in charge is," the captain told NDTV.
Passengers though seem to be divided on SpiceJet's initiative. Delhi-based architect Sidharth Roy who flies frequently, lauds SpiceJet's efforts and says, "It is a nice change from the same old boring uniform, maybe other airlines could take a cue from them."
However Delhi-based doctor Romik Ghosh, also a frequent flier does not seem to agree. "I don't find the new weekend dress code good. I would prefer corporate attire for cabin crew. It is unimpressive and takes away the gravity and authority," Dr Ghosh said.
SpiceJet says the overall response from the crew and passengers so far has been positive. "In fact some customers have asked for it to be made permanent (uniform through the week), they like it so much. But we are not doing that, we think it will then be taken for granted and lose its 'specialness'," Mr Kapoor said.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 19:29 (IST)

Sarkozy announces a return to politicsSarkozy announces a return to politics
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/283cabe4-4008-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mandolin musician U Srinivas passes awayMandolin musician U Srinivas passes away
By V Prem Shanker , ET Bureau | 20 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Business leaders, politicians condole the sudden death of the 45-year-old simple and devout man who carried his exceptional talent very lightly on his shoulders.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: Business leaders in Chennai, many of them generous patrons of the arts and connoisseurs of music, are mourning the sudden death on Friday of U Srinivas, the former child prodigy who could make the mandolin dance to his tunes.
"We have lost a strong pillar of Carnatic music. This is a huge loss to Indian music," said Mallika Srinivasan, the chairperson of Tractors and Farm Equipment, the flagship company of the Amalgamations group.
"While he was a musical genius, Shrinivas was also a humane person," said Srinivasan, who has set up the Indira Sivasailam endowment with the Music Academy in Chennai.
Srinivas, 45, who was being treated for liver ailment, gave his first major performance when he was just nine years old. Although the mandolin is of European origin and was seldom used in India, Srinivas' talent was such that he single-handedly made it mainstream in Carnatic music.
"While it has taken over 100 years for the violin to become part of Carnatic music, Srinivas created acceptance for the mandolin in his own lifetime," said Sridhar Ramanujam, founder and CEO of brand consulting firm Brand-comm.
"For Srinivas, everything came early because of his enormous ability. Unfortunately, child prodigies have a short life." Srinivas, who was awarded the Padma Shri in 1998, toured the world and collaborated extensively with musicians from India and overseas.
He played with Indian greats such as flautist Hariprasad Chaurasia and table exponent Zakir Hussain while also joining hands with world music greats like John McLaughlin, Michael Brook and Nigel Kennedy.
"He carried his exceptional talent very lightly on his shoulders. He was a wonderful human being - pious, simple and devout," said Venu Srinivasan, the chairman TVS Motor.
"It is just unbelievable to think that he has left us all of a sudden. I am deeply saddened." Born in coastal Andhra Pradesh, Srinivas' prodigious talent was identified when he was only six.
While some purists were not very happy with the mandolin in Carnatic concerts, Srinivas' genius, and the fact that he was barely more than a child, helped win general acceptance among Carnatic music aficionados.
"Maa Saraswati danced on his fingers and the strings just obeyed him," remarked Srinivas Acharya, the managing director of Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance. Among the many admirers of Srinivas was the late Beatle George Harrison, who first heard the child prodigy play in London in 1990. Dhani Harrison, his son, said in 2003 that his "dad's favourite album of all time" was Mandolin Ecstasy by Srinivas which he recorded at age thirteen.
A R Rahman, the Chennaibased musical genius and winner of the Oscar and Grammy awards, tweeted that he was "emotionally shaken" after knowing that "our shining Star of Carnatic music is no more... May God bless him with happiness in the next world."
GRK Reddy, the chairman and managing director of Marg group, described Srinivas as a "great innovator" who was always working on how he could enhance Carnatic music "Such kind of talent and devotion is very rare. This is indeed a true loss." Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled Srinivas' demise.
"PM recalled the Mandolin Maestro's dedication & long-standing contribution towards music & added that he will always be remembered," Modi's official Twitter handle, @PMOIndia said. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa credited Srinivas with introducing the musical instrument of mandolin to the people.
Paying rich tributes to Srinivas, she said Srinivas won people's hearts with his renditions. "His demise is a big loss to the world of Carnatic music. None can fill the void created by his passing away," she said in a statement.
Melody queen Lata Mangeshkar, Oscarwinner A R Rahman and singer Sonu Nigam expressed shock over the untimely death of mandolin great. "I got to know today that U Srinivas is no more. I am very sad to hear that.
When he was 14-year-old, I saw his performance on TV. He used to play the instrument brilliantly. It is quite tough to play classical music on mandolin... May his soul rest in peace," Mangeshkar posted on Twitter.

Obama nominates Richard Verma as US envoy to IndiaUS nominates Indian American, Richard Rahul Verma, as ambassador to India
Sep 19, 2014, 10.30AM IST
Tags:
(President Barack Obama…)
Seema Sirohi
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has nominated Richard Rahul Verma, an Indian American lawyer with extensive connections to the Democratic Party establishment, as the new ambassador to India just in time for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit.
Verma, a definite policy wonk, knows his Iran sanctions from the intricacies of the START treaty. His supporters say he can push the India-US agenda effectively given that the two countries are now in a phase which requires overcoming bureaucratic and legal hurdles to write 100-page business contracts.
Those who know Verma say he is the right person at the right time - he can do the hard work of calling the many agencies of the US government to make things happen. He has the right connections.
Policy wonks in New Delhi will likely say -- let's see and proof of the pudding is in the eating. And rightly so. He inherits a difficult legacy, one marred by the unnecessary episode involving Devyani Khobragade, which could have been handled better by former US ambassador Nancy Powell.
Verma would be the first Indian American to serve in the important position, held by such luminaries as Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Chestor Bowls and more recently Robert Blackwill. He could also find a place in history if he can swing the relationship upwards by focusing White House attention on India in the midst of a myriad world crises.
The India docket is pretty much in the hands of Indian Americans with Nisha Biswal as assistant secretary of State for South and Central Asia and her deputy, Atul Keshup. Another key position is held by Arun Kumar, the Commerce Department's assistant secretary for global markets. Several others are spread throughout the Obama Administration.
Republican critics contend that Obama is trying to please the Indian American community for votes but so far his appointments have proved able to the task.
If Verma succeeds in his mandate, both the Indian American community and India would be proud of this risky and audacious announcement. Risky because Verma would face a country that may feel familiar but in reality is maddeningly different and audacious because Obama has chosen to give an Indian American the difficult task of fixing relations with India.
A low-key Washington insider, Verma is known more for accomplishing his task than talking big - a favourite Washington pastime. How close he is to the president personally is unclear but he is supposed to have briefed Obama when he was a senator on the intricacies of the START treaty, an arcane subject, if there ever was one.
  What is unquestioned is Verma's entrenchment in the Democratic Party set up. He served as senior foreign policy and national security adviser from 2002-07 to Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader.
He was a part of the Obama transition team and then served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs fighting former secretary of state Hillary Clinton's budgetary battles on Capitol Hill. He handled more than 200 Senate confirmations and the hope is that he can manage his own on fast track given the bipartisan support for India on Capitol Hill.
A key player in Verma's nomination is believed to be Denis Mcdonough, the White House chief of staff. The two worked together as senior Senate staffers.
Verma is also a decorated US Air Force officer, earning two medals for meritorious service. His parents came to the United States in the 1960s and his father taught for four decades at the University of Pittsburgh.
Verma currently he is as a senior counselor at two firms -- Steptoe & Johnson and Albright Stonebridge Group. The latter is led by Madeleine Albright, who was Bill Clinton's secretary of state. The buzz is that Verma is close to the Clintons as he is to Obama, putting him in a good place should Hillary Clinton run in 2016 and win. He would be on the up and up.
(Sirohi is a Washington-based writer)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Single party rule better  let s go solo: Ajit Pawar  NCPAjit Pawar
Maharashtra's Deputy CM and the second-most powerful leader in the NCP, Ajit Pawar , has been very vocal against alliance partner Congress, as well as CM Prithviraj Chavan in the recent past. He has been insisting his party should get to contest 50% (144) seats in the upcoming assembly polls . Ajit spoke in detail about alliance and other issues in a interview with Rohit Chandavarkar . Excerpts:
You have been aggressively demanding 50% seats for your party and despite your party president Sharad Pawar's statement that alliance with Congress is almost certain, you have been insisting that it is not sealed yet. Why is that?
There have been some rounds of talks with the Congress and we have not reached any conclusion. I believe that it's time for all four major political parties of Maharashtra to fight independently. We have been in an alliance and in power for 15 years. But overall experience shows that a government run by a single party would function in a much better manner. We can deliver development to the people if a single party government comes to power in Maharashtra.There is no reason for us to climb down from the demand of contesting 144 seats.
How can a single party fight the assembly elections when no party has presence spread across the state?
Coalition seems to be a necessity. That's not true. Look at Lok Sabha polls. Everybody kept saying that a multiparty government is inevitable and coalition politics is the future of this country.
But people from all over India decided that they have had enough of coalitions at the Centre and decided to give a clear mandate to Narendra Modi. Nobody had imagined that virtually a single party government would come to power at the Centre. If this can happen nationally, why can't the same thing happen in the state.
Can political parties manage to fight alone in a big state like Maharashtra?
It is difficult for a single political party in this state to effectively contest in all 288 constituencies.
However, many times alliance partners end-up working against each other in order to ensure that they are the largest party in the house. Wherever they are together in the local self-government establishment ( district councils or municipalities) sharing power, we may not have a problem but when they have rivalry in the local self governments it reflects in the assembly constituency. In such cases, it's better to not have an alliance. We have seen this repeatedly in places like Osmanabad and Chandrapur.
Your cold war with the CM is now out in the open. He openly said that he would have preferred to bring an IAS officer in NCP controlled PWD ministry. How do you react ?
We have no problem with any IAS cadre officer being brought into any department. We even insisted that in Social Welfare Ministry now that the budget is over Rs 6000 crore, we should have an IAS officer as secretary. Its not about any such one issue but I feel that the leader should be open about what he can do and what he can't. If the leader keeps saying that he will do certain thing and then does not do it deliberately to block our way for months together, then we have a problem with that. I would prefer not to work under such a leader again in the future.
Road toll is a big issue in Maharashtra. You spoke about it clearly in the recent rally at Kolhapur. You said toll in some places will be withdrawn in 100 days if you return to power. How will the resentment over road-toll reflect in the polls?
It is a complex issue. As a policy, we decided to raise funds for roads from private sector and then get into contracts with private players for recovery of the cost. So toll can not be abolished all together but I had suggested certain ways out. There has been a lot of resistance over the Kharghar toll plaza (in Navi Mumbai). I had suggested that CIDCO give Rs 1000 crore, MMRDA should put in Rs 200 crore and cancel this toll. This was discussed in the state cabinet but it just kept lingering and no final decision was taken by the head of the government (Chief Minister). It's a different issue in Kolhapur, the state government is not involved in the toll there yet there are some workable solutions.
There have been many defections of known leaders from the NCP to BJP and Shiv Sena. How do you react?
This is a pattern which we have seen earlier. There is a group of leaders that shifts during every election towards the party that they think will come to power. We now see a trend of parties welcoming certain people who they think are likely to win, without thinking about ideology or candidates history. This is a trend that is there to stay.
FEATURED ARTICLES

House prices dip as investors prefer equity over realtyHousing prices drop as investors prefer equity over realty
Ravi Teja Sharma & Jwalit Vyas, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 10.55AM IST
Tags:
chief executive officer and manging director
(Prices of new residential…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI: The rapid rise in the stock market since the new government was formed has taken the sheen off real estate, where investments have not only dropped but investors are trying to monetise their existing assets, creating a scare of price correction. While the stock market has risen by over 12% since May 26 when the government was sworn in, property values have either remained stagnant or dropped in several micro-markets across the country.
"Many HNIs are today stuck with their existing real estate portfolios, so the surplus money they are now generating in the businesses is finding its way to the stock market," said Rajeev Bairathi, executive director, north and capital transactions group at Knight Frank India. Investors have also been worried about the huge delays in execution of real estate projects and the overall wait and watch attitude of end-users, which has impacted property sales.
Prices of new residential projects in the National Capital Region, for instance, was down 10% in June this year compared to a year ago. In Pune, it was down 25%, while in Bangalore it remained stagnant. Only Mumbai and Chennai saw a rise in prices in new launches, 24% and 17%, respectively, according to property research firm Liases Foras.
The price of unsold inventory has risen in most markets , though marginally — 4% in Bangalore and Chennai, 10% in Hyderabad and the NCR, 11% in Mumbai and 1% in Pune. The difference between the price of existing inventory lying with builders and new launches is a big concern. According to Liases Foras, the gap is the widest in the NCR with new launches being offered at almost 31% lower than existing inventory in June 2014. This was followed by Hyderabad at a gap of 17%. Pune stood at 14%, Bangalore at 9% and Mumbai at 4%.
Unsold inventory levels at the end of June 2014 stood at 765 million sq ft or about 7.6 lakh apartments, which would take about 35 months to be sold at the current pace of sales.
Where does one invest if you want to be part of the up cycle? "The easiest is equities as it is relatively liquid. Whenever there's a change, money first goes into the most liquid of assets," said Gulbir Madan, chairman of Brahma Management, an India-focused investment firm.
In the current year, Sensex has gained 28%, the BSE Midcap Index is up 46%, while the small cap Index has gained 67%. "Clearly, investors are shifting from real estate to equity with inflation coming down and improving macro situation. In addition to this, with the new government at the Centre, investors are now more confident of investing in equity," said Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer - India, for Royal Bank of Scotland .
Cheruvu said there's a question mark in the minds of investors about affordability of property as prices had risen risen sharply and continue to remain high. The positive outcome of the elections as well as a stronger global recovery have revived the Indian economy in the last few months. The new government has also made the right kind of moves which has buoyed the stock market. "The risk appetite for equity is back among our clients. Property prices have remained weak for the last two years. By contrast, equity market appears attractive," said Rajesh Saluja, chief executive officer and manging director at Ask Wealth Advisors.
The Sensex, for instance, is trading at a price-earnings ratio of 16 against 32 times in its peak, which gives an idea of the returns that equity can generate. Pankaj Kapoor , managing director of Liases Foras, said the downward pressure on property prices today is pushing investors away from real estate. "They see very little hope of a turnaround any time soon."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chennai clampdown stunts low-cost housing growthanna university
(There is a need to bring in…)
CHENNAI: Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority's close scrutiny of building plans and completion certificates has hit affordable housing projects in the city . The clampdown followed the collapse of an underconstruction 11-storey building in Chennai's Moulivakkam area in which more than 60 people were killed. "It is indeed a knee jerk reaction by the planning authority," said R Kumar of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI), in Chennai. "But the CMDA has no other option when everybody points fingers at them."
Kumar, formerly with the CMDA and now managing director of Navin Housing in Chennai, was of the view that a bottleneck has been created due to delays in approvals. Some other builders around Chennai agree that the backlog of pending clearances for affordable houses is rapidly building up.
An official at the registration department who did not wish to be named, said there is a dip in home registrations compared with last year. The CMDA, on its part, said a panel of experts is looking into all the multi-storey building plans that have been submitted. The panel includes an expert from the Anna University and an official from the PWD department. "The panel sits for scrutiny regularly and clears at least 10 building plans in each session which lasts for about two hours," a senior CMDA official, who did not wish to be named, said.
"We are also pushing builders to submit a mandatory quarterly progress report of their construction projects," the CMDA officer said."These regulations have already been there in the Development Regulations and the town and country planning Act, but it is after the building collapse that we have started mandating total compliance." The other rules being pressed include submission of a signed completion certificate. Every stake-holder in the project, including the builder, the architect and the structural engineer, should sign and certify that each one of them is satisfied with the quality of construction.
"This puts the onus of the building's stability on each of the stake holder," the official said, adding, "It is true that all this may be causing some delay, but it is only likely to hit those who are trying to evade regulations. We will continue to follow these procedures until the Government enacts new regulations based on the one man commission's recommendations following the building collapse." While builders complain that scrutiny is not CMDA's job and that the planning authority does not have the manpower to undertake such a massive operation, housing finance majors say the delay could not have come at a worse time.
"The size of Chennai's affordable housing finance market has already dipped from a business of Rs 700 crore per month last year to Rs 550 crore per month now. To add to this, builders are struggling to cope with procedural delays," said Srinivas Acharya, managing director, Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance.
He said that builders have slowed down on further addition and are waiting for the ready-to-occupy flats to be sold first. "When the market picks up, it will get sold out quickly. In the last two years, people have had the luxury of buying ready made flats. This option made flats. This option may not be available in the future once the buying starts," he added.
"There is a need to bring in regulations that are preventive in nature. Officials need to ensure that only well qualified engineers and architects are allowed to work on building projects. Not only will this ensure that the quali "When the market picks up, it will get sold out quickly. In the last two years, people have had the luxury of buying readymade flats. This option may not be available in the future once the buying starts," he added.
"There is a need to bring in regulations that are preventive in nature. Officials need to ensure that only well qualified engineers and architects are allowed to work on building projects. Not only will this ensure that the quality of buildings are good but it will also provide job opportunities for qualified engineers," Acharya added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Fed Helps Markets to End in Green  Completes 6-week RallySebi Bars Four Season Farms From Disposing Assets
Mumbai: Buoyed by status quo stance taken by the US Fed on interest rate and optimism over trade ties with China helped both the key indices, Sensex and Nifty, to wash out initial sharp losses and land in positive terrain at close for the six week in a row.
Higher global cues triggered by stand taken by US Fed to keep interest rate unchanged and also boosted the market sentiment.
The S&P BSE benchmark Sensex resumed lower and dropped further to a low of 26,464.03 on heavy profit-booking from operators in view of setback of BJP in by-poll elections and fears of hike in interest rates by Federal Reserve.
However, it bounced back to a high of 27,247.17 on buying as Fed's promised to retain rates at low levels and rising optimism over trade ties with China before concluding the week at 27,090.42, showing a gain of 29.38 points or 0.11 per cent.
The Sensex has gained 1,761.28 points or 6.98 per cent in the six weeks.
The NSE 50-share Nifty also moved up by 15.95 points or 0.20 per cent to regain 8,100-mark to end at 8,121.45.
In a statement, the US Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen Wednesday in its policy setting meeting promised to keep the interest rates near zero for a "considerable time after its bonds buying programme comes to an end in October, giving immediate relief to the emerging markets, including India as fears of immediate capital outflows have subsided.
India Wednesday signed a 5-year trade and economic co-operation agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance and obtain $20 billion Chinese investments.
IT, tech, pharma, realty and auto shares attracted good buying support while refinery, metal PSU and capital goods counters suffered with losses.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 17:14 (IST)

Indian Architect Named  Leader of Tomorrow  by Time MagazineUS-Based Spring Air to Invest Rs 100 Crore in India
New York: A 28-year-old Indian architect has been named "young leader of tomorrow" by Time magazine for his pioneering work in designing affordable flood-proof houses for slum dwellers.
Alok Shetty is among "leaders of tomorrow" who are "working hard to change their worlds today," Time said as it named six inspirational young persons in its first class of "next generation leaders".
Time said Shetty is "building hope in India" as an architect who is "finding simple solutions to complex problems."
Mr Shetty, working with the Bangalore-based nonprofit Parinaam Foundation, is designing homes for hundreds of slum dwellers whose makeshift houses flood during the heavy rains and become breeding grounds for diseases like malaria.
He has been working in Bangalore's LRDE slum, which lies next to one of the southern Indian city's sprawling technology parks and is home to some 2,000 people.
Mr Shetty, who studied Master's in architecture at Columbia University, "came at the problem with an approach he brings to all of his projects "marrying smart design with a commitment to sustainability."
He designed flood-proof houses, costing $300, out of discarded scaffolding, bamboo and wood. The houses are affordable and easy to set up as it takes only four hours to erect and dismantle them.
Mr Shetty is seeking government subsidies to bring the price down further for those who cannot afford the units.
"Shetty epitomizes a growing breed of young leaders and entrepreneurs in India who are committed to finding solutions for a country undergoing rapid social and economic changes, some of which can leave India's poorest straggling behind," Time said.
Another venture by is a plan to boost access to healthcare and education in remote communities.
"In my travels I saw vast stretches of rural India where infrastructure for health care and education was severely underdeveloped," he says in the Time report.
"Building facilities in these areas is not impossible but it is time-consuming. Adaptive architecture...can be an extremely effective solution to help address our developmental problems," he said, adding that "often the simplest solutions are the best solutions."
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 14:42 (IST)

Four Indian cities in Asian Top 10 destinati...You are here: Home > Collections > Kochi
Agra, Ahmedabad, Kochi and Panaji in Asian Top 10 destinations list
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 12.16PM IST
Tags:
Agra
(The data was compiled by…)
MUMBAI: Four Indian cities -- Agra, Ahmedabad, Kochi and Panaji -- feature among the Asian Top 10 list of a global survey, when it comes to last-minute bookings for luxury destinations, which are also affordable.
Amongst the Asian Top 10 luxurious but affordable destinations, four Indian cities have been listed, according to a survey by global online hotel search site Trivago.
The data was compiled by Europe, North and Central America, South America, Oceania, Southeast Asia, Middle East, Asia and Africa.
Agra in Uttar Pradesh is second on the list, with an average price of Rs 5,220 per night, followed by Ahmedabad in Gujarat securing the third position with Rs 5,275 per night, the survey revealed.
Kochi is in the seventh position in the list, with Rs 5,660 per night, on an average, while Panaji in Goa is on the eighth position, at an average of Rs 5,673 per night, it said.
"Recent price wars between airline companies should give a good combination for Indian travellers, who are still looking to vacation abroad or within India. Prices for top star hotels in Panaji and Kochi are quite favourable right now to enjoy high quality at better price," Trivago India's representative Abhinav Kumar said.
China's Zhuhai city topped the list at Rs 4,169 per night, the survey revealed.
Three other Chinese cities namely Guangzhou (4), Dongguan (5) and Shenzhen (6) featured in the list, with an average room price at Rs 5,454, Rs 5,480 and Rs 5,500, respectively.
Taiwan's Kaohusiung city secured the ninth position at Rs 6,603 per night and Taichung city is at the tenth position, at Rs 6,694 per night among the Asian Top 10, luxurious but affordable destinations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICICI Banks Chanda Kochhar  others in Fortune list of powerful womenPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:19 pm
As many as eight Indian women, led by ICICI Bank chief Chanda Kochhar, have made it to the Fortune list of 25 most powerful women “shaping the new world order” in the Asia-Pacific region.
Kochhar, ranked highest among Indian women, has been ranked second across the region, while three others — SBI’s Arundhati Bhattacharya (4th), HPCL’s Nishi Vasudeva (5th) and Axis Bank’s Shikha Sharma (10th) — have also made it to the top-10.
The list is topped by Australian banking major Westpac’s chief Gail Kelly.
Other Indians on the top-25 list include Biocon chief Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (19th), National Stock Exchange CEO Chitra Ramkrishna (22nd), HSBC’s Naina Lal Kidwai (23rd) and TAFE Chairman and CEO Mallika Srinivasan (25th).
Releasing the latest rankings, the Fortune magazine said that women around the world are continuing to win the top jobs, so much so that more than a third of the women on this Asia-Pacific list are making their debut in the coveted list, including two from India.
The two Indian new entrants are Bhattacharya and Vasudeva.
“More and more businesswomen are taking tougher jobs and helming bigger firms. More than a third of the women on our Asia-Pacific list are making their MPW (most powerful women) debut,” Fortune said.
Among Indians, Bhattacharya is ranked second after Kochhar and is the first woman to hold the three-year post at SBI, who oversees a 208-year-old institution with USD 400 billion in assets and 218,000 employees dispersed among 16,000 bank branches across India.
On the other hand, Vasudeva, 58, became the first woman to head an Indian oil company and is “and one of only four women to helm a Global Fortune 500 firm in the Asia-Pacific region”.
NSE’s Ramakrishna is the only woman on the list heading a stock exchange.
Meanwhile, PepsiCo’s India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third among world’s most powerful business woman by Fortune in its worldwide list. Nooyi is only Indian-origin woman on this year’s global list, which has been topped by IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.

Love Commandos counters the concept of Love JihadPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:07 pm
At a time when the country is being exposed to an oxymoronic term ‘love jihad’, countering such a concept is an organisation with an equally paradoxical name called ‘Love Commandos’.
With a vision of uniting love birds who have attained the legal age of marriage, Love Commandos claimed to have united over 30,000 couple in a short spell of four years.
“We want lovers to unite no matter which caste, community, religion or place they come from. There should be a society where love prevails over everything,” says Chairman of Love Commandos, Sanjoy Sachdev.
The voluntary organisation, which mainly operates in Delhi from its office in Paharganj area, claims to provide protection to couples and guards them from the wrath of their angry parents, families or police, helps them fight harassment and give them shelter so they can marry freely.
“Our organisation started on July 2010 after we helped a couple in Delhi to unite after the boy was falsely charged by the girl’s family and had registered a police case against him,” says Sachdev.
Its feisty, relentless fight for the cause of love continues unabated despite paucity of funds as one of its shelter homes operates as the group’s makeshift office.
It prefers to exist in perpetual liminality thinking too much visibility might lead to exposure of the eloped lovers.
“There are police cases lodged against many people whom we are helping and there are several groups who do not want us to continue with our activity,” claims Sachdev, adding the circumstances often compels the organisation to constantly keep shifting their shelter homes.
The organisation has two helpline numbers that ring simultaneously in twelve cities across the country and on receiving a valid call for help the commandos swing into action.
Even though they only have seven permanent shelter homes across Delhi and NCR, the group sets up temporary shelter homes in other parts of the country whenever the need arises.
“If a couple needs assistance at place other than Delhi or NCR, we set up a shelter home nearby that area till the time we rehabilitate them,” says Sachdev.
Although the organisation was functioning under severe financial crush, it has refrained from asking any help from the government, he says.
“It is becoming very difficult to operate with the soaring price of food, water, electricity, etc. We receive donations from people. Even legendary tennis player Bjorn Borg had donated to us twice.”
He also alleges hostilities by police against the love birds accusing them of filing cases coming under pressure from their parties involved. “In some cases, families lodged FIR of kidnapping and rape against the boys even when the decision to marry or elope was a consensual one. The police often do not crosscheck.”
The cause of prejudice against love marriage in India is due to the deep-cited problems of caste and religion, says Rajwant Kaur, a Ph.D Scholar in Sociology department in JNU.
“Indian society is mainly divided on the basis of caste and religion which is why parents do not allow love marriages, says Kaur.
Apart from that the problem of continued…

The Week Ahead: Nifty Sets Sight at 8200 as Derivatives Expiry to See Heightened VolatilityThe Week Ahead: Nifty Sets Sight at 8200 as Derivatives Expiry to See Heightened Volatility
I have not spoken to my mother for one month: RaiI have not spoken to my mother for one month: Rai
New Zealand PM  wife await their turn at cafeNew Zealand PM  wife await their turn at cafe
NASA s Mars spacecraft to begin orbit of Red PlanetNASA s Mars spacecraft to begin orbit of Red Planet
Court summons witnesses in case against BSP MLACourt summons witnesses in case against BSP MLA
Eight Indians in Fortune s Powerful Asia-Pacific Women ListEight Indians in Fortune s Powerful Asia-Pacific Women List
Big rallies planned in front of UN  White House to welcome PMBig rallies planned in front of UN  White House to welcome PM
PM Modi s Make in India to echo around the globePM Modi s Make in India to echo around the globe
Turkeys Bank Asya dented by Erdogan callSeptember 16, 2014 7:44 pm
Turkey’s Bank Asya dented by Erdogan call
Piotr Zalewski – Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05361dd8-3d83-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi: al Qaeda is delusional; Indian Muslims will live and die for countryPrime Minister Modi. (file photo).
Congress wonders about the timing of the statement
New Delhi, September 19:  
Ahead of his visit to the US later this month, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Friday that Muslims in India will ‘live and die’ for India. In an interview to a TV channel, Modi said Indian Muslims will never dance to the tunes of al Qaeda.
To his understanding, the al Qaeda is doing injustice toward the Muslims of India, Modi said. “If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional,” he said, adding: “Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India.”
He was asked about the head of al Qaeda issuing an appeal trying to create an al Qaeda in India-South Asia, saying he wants to free Muslims from the “oppression” they face in Kashmir and Gujarat.
Modi termed the activities of al Qaeda as a crisis against humanity.
“But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else,” he said.
Modi was asked about the remarkable phenomenon that out of the 170 million Muslims in India, there seemed to be no or very few members of al Qaeda even though it is in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
“What is it that has made this community not as susceptible?” he was asked.
Modi answered that he was not an authority for doing a psychological and religious analysis on this.
‘Divisive poll campaign’
Reacting to the statement, the Congress said the Prime Minister should have said this in his address to the nation from Red Fort on Independence Day.
“The Prime Minister has understood the patriotism of Indian Muslims just now. This has been proved in the Independence movement and later too. But what we want to know is that did he check with people like Yogi Adityanath, Giriraj Singh and his party’s president Amit Shah before making the statement,” said Congress leader Salman Khurshid.
The party has been alleging that the BJP came to power after running a highly divisive and polarising campaign, particularly in States such as Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Controversial remarks
The recent controversial statements by BJP MPs on “love jihad” targeting Muslims have also been criticised by Opposition parties, which urged the BJP leadership to rein in MPs who try to whip up communal passions.
Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh, a known detractor of Modi, also had a dig at him.
“Modi ‘Patriotism of Muslims can’t be questioned and they can give their Life for the Country.’ What a pleasant Turn Around! Does he mean it?,” he tweeted.
The BJP said the Prime Minister’s statement has been the stated position of the party. “This is the centre line. This has been the stand of the BJP,” a BJP spokesperson said. When asked about the statements of Adityanath and RSS leaders on Indian Muslims, the spokesperson said the Prime Minister has explained the stand of the party. “The party’s stand is decided by the Prime Minister and other national leaders,” the spokesperson explained.
“This is a very positive statement, as he has been saying this earlier also. This has been his thought earlier too when he has appreciated the patriotic spirit in Indian Muslims.
This will further strengthen the country,” BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.
His party colleague and spokesperson MJ Akbar said: “Today’s statement is a very powerful affirmation by the Prime Minister of his faith — intellectual as well as his emotional.
“He is a man of deep conviction. His nationalism is all embracing. This is a very important message given out by him from his heart. It will have a very positive impact on society.”
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

India s Unvired to power up Google GlassIndia’s Unvired to power up Google Glass for enterprises
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Sep 20, 2014, 07.22AM IST
Tags:
Google
(Unvired is now working with…)
Bangalore: A small oil painting hangs in the office of Srinivasan Subramanian, the chief technology officer of enterprise mobility startup Unvired. It depicts a white ship sailing against the current.
"My wife did that (painting)," said Subramanian pointing to it. "It is an indirect way of support from the family." Unvired's other cofounder Dilip Sridhar said the inside joke in the office is that Subramanian's wife made the ship go against the current to show the difficulty of product companies succeeding in India.
But that was six years ago. These days the startup tucked away in Bangalore's Jayanagar is creating a buzz by offering Internet of Things (IoT)—a technology where devices communicate with each other intelligently — to large enterprises.
It has notched up a marquee list of global customers, including New Zealand's electricity distribution company WEL Networks, chemical company Kaneka, life science and tech company Sigma-Aldrich, among others.
"Services is something which is against our DNA," said Subramanian. "Product is more difficult route that is why it has taken us six years to reach there and weigh against the biggies."
Unvired is now working with Google X, a facility run by Google, on IoT which will help enterprises to improve productivity and efficiency using wearable devices like Google Glass. It has built an inventory and warehouse management app for Google Glass that integrates directly with the software.
"Workers can do hands-free transactions involving goods movement and other functions directly with enterprise software, without the need for a phone or tablet," said Sridhar, a vice president at Unvired. Wearables are in vogue, especially Google Glass and smartwatches.
Companies can save over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in costs related to field service using wearables, according to research firm Gartner. "We selected the Unvired mobile platform over other competing platforms, because it offered us the greatest value, ease of building custom applications and seamless integration with SAP," said Andre Winterhalter, information technology director, Kaneka Americas Holding.
This month Unvired was selected as a finalist in technology innovation leadership awards by Silicon Valleybased research firm Ventana Research. Founded in 2007 by former employees at German software maker SAP, Unvired launched the enterprise IoT platform four years later in India.
But it had to shift to other markets like United States and Middle East which were more open then to such technology. "The notion in India is that this kind of technology should be like the air we breathe — free," said Subramanian who declined to reveal the revenue of the firm. "We can't afford that."
The company, which is completely bootstrapped, is now in talks with venture capital firms to raise around Rs 60 crore to scale up its operations. "There is lot of startup action in IoT," said Bhavanipratap Rana, investment director at Intel Capital, the venture capital arm of the world's largest chip maker.
"Enterprise is more willing to pay." What is also unique about the Unvired founders is that they hired a non-founder Alok Pant, who was senior vice president, at NTT DATA (formerly Intelligroup), as chief executive of the firm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple CEO Tim Cook puts personal touch on iPhone 6 launchApple CEO Tim Cook puts personal touch on iPhone 6 launch
By AFP | 20 Sep, 2014, 05.05AM IST
Cook was dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans as he worked his way from one end to the other of the long queue outside the Apple Store in the city of Palo Alto shortly before it opened.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple chief Tim Cook personally kicked off sales of the iPhone 6, joining in "selfies" and shaking hands with customers today outside the company's store near his Silicon Valley home.
Cook was dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans as he worked his way from one end to the other of the long queue outside the Apple Store in the city of Palo Alto shortly before it opened.
"I want to share in the excitement," he said in response to a question from one of the reporters tagging along as Cook welcomed devotees who made the pilgrimage to get Apple's new big-screen smartphones on launch day.
When asked by to pose for a picture with a fan, Cook quipped "Sure, as long as it's with an iPhone."
Cook said that he has had both an iPhone 6 and an iPhone 6 Plus for months in what is "a privilege of being at Apple."
He took part in a clapping count-down inside the window-walled shop before swinging open a glass front door to let iPhone 6 buying there commence.
Cook's local Apple Store was among the last to join in an iPhone 6 roll-out that began many time zones away in Australia.
Television news footage from Australia showed a man identified as the first iPhone 6 buyer drop his new purchase while fumbling it out of packaging to show a reporter.
Buyers from China, deprived of the latest iPhone launch at home, were today among the first in line in Japan to grab the "6" and its new large-screen cousin as Apple hit back at rivals.
Licensing problems in China meant the global rollout went ahead without the huge and lucrative market, in a blow to Apple which had trumpeted its inclusion in the initial wave of the last iPhone launch.
Both new iPhones have larger screens in what some consider Apple catching up with the "phablet" trend pioneered by competitors.
The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting a growing preference for bigger displays, despite Apple's earlier vow to stick with the traditional size.
Main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets, which are popular in Asia, and will soon release a new Galaxy Note 4 phablet.
Apple says more than four million pre-orders were received in the 24 hours after the sale was announced.
Other markets launched today are Singapore, Britain, France, Germany, the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Some 20 more countries will get the new iPhone from September 26.

Some consumers say Apple is losing its cool factorSome consumers say Apple is losing its cool factor
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 05.16PM IST
0
Share More
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to the poll. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Holly Riggle , a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio, is just the kind of everyday customer Apple Inc would love to have for its new iPhone 6, which launches Friday.
But Riggle is sticking to her Android smartphone, calling Apple less "original" than it was under former chief executive Steve Jobs . She's one of the 16 per cent of respondents in a Reuters/Ipsos poll who said Apple had become somewhat or much less cool in the last two years.
By comparison, some 11 per cent of respondents said that Android had lost some sheen in the same timeframe. In a similar poll a year ago, 14.3 per cent of 1,379 people surveyed thought Apple had lost its cool image between 2011 and 2012.
While still a juggernaut, with analysts expecting sales of around 9 million iPhone 6s in its launch weekend, Apple may be losing some of its shine, according to the poll.
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to the poll, conducted September 8-13.
When questioned on how they perceive five popular technology brands - Apple, Android, Microsoft, Dell Inc and Hewlett-Packard - respondents gave the highest coolness factor rating to the Android brand, which includes devices such as Samsung and others that run on Google's mobile operating software.
About 50 per cent said that in the last one to two years, the Android brand had grown cooler, compared with 48 per cent who voted for Apple.
Although the poll is based on a limited sample, it reflects how Android products, which tend to be less expensive, have caused Apple to shed some of its buzz.
"Especially when you have competitors who are doing a lot of innovative things themselves and great advertising, it's not surprising that Apple doesn't have the same cachet and coolness that it once did," said Kevin Lane Keller , a branding expert and professor at Dartmouth's Tuck School of Business .
The mobile phone wars have become a lot like politics, with battling Democrats and Republicans, said Rob Janoff , the designer of the Apple logo and an independent branding and design expert based in Chicago .
"You can't carry that magic forever," Janoff said, but that does not mean consumers should dismiss mature brands. "I think people have to accept that companies that are out there, they age."
Last year when it launched its previous version of the iPhone, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs in the first three days in stores. But drawing a comparison with the iPhone 6 is tricky as sales are based on availability, and Apple has not shared comparable details.
Also, this time the iPhone is not launching in China on Friday, unlike last time, Shannon Cross , an analyst with Cross Research, explained.
Many customers will need to wait until next month for their new iPhones after Apple logged a record 4 million first-day pre-orders, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.

GST implementation from April 2016 will be feasible: Revenue SecretaryGST implementation from April 2016 will be feasible: Revenue Secretary
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 20:  
As negotiations with States on GST enter a critical stage, the Centre is looking forward to implementation of the new indirect tax regime from April 1, 2016.
“The deadline for actual implementation of GST from April 1, 2016, would be feasible. It all depends on how quickly we are able to reach a consensus on critical issues,” Revenue Secretary Shakti Kanta Das said at an event here.
GST regime
The Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime aims at subsuming most of the indirect taxes at the Central as well as State level. The UPA Government had in 2011 introduced a Constitution Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha to pave the way for introduction of GST.
Exemption list
The GST, which has been pending since 2006, is stuck at a crucial stage where States have proposed to keep products such as petroleum, tobacco and alcohol out of GST ambit and have demanded the exemption list be included in the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
As regards the compensation structure, the States have sought a five-year compensation mechanism from the Centre and demanded the same be included in the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
“The discussions are at a very critical stage and we hope to make very good progress. We are quite optimistic we will be able to reach convergence in the coming weeks or months,” Das added.
He said there are four to five issues with the States that are outstanding and there have been discussions on these in recent weeks.
CST compensation
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting to take stock of the proposed new indirect tax regime and decided to soon clear the pending CST compensation for the revenue loss incurred by States.
“We hope and we are quite optimistic that we will be able to resolve (it) in the coming months, which will enable the Government to introduce the constitutional amendments in Parliament,” Das said.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

Anderson says Jadeja case went  too farMore
Anderson says Jadeja case went 'too far'
"It could have been dealt with on the day, it could have been dealt with after the game but unfortunately it turned into a long, drawn out process but thankfully common sense prevailed in the end."
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
James Anderson has said that he believes his ICC charge for his clash with Ravindra Jadeja at Trent Bridge, which left him facing the prospect of a ban before the case was thrown out, went "too far" and he was relieved that "common sense" prevailed.
Anderson was laid with a Level 3 charge following the first Test after an altercation inside the pavilion where India claimed Anderson had shoved Jadeja without provocation. He was cleared before the fourth Test and the judge's verdict was critical of a number of aspects of the case.
Jadeja shakes Anderson's hand after the Test at Lord's. "I felt it went too far - the whole process was too much," Anderson told Sky Sports in an interview with Ian Ward. "It could have been dealt with on the day, it could have been dealt with after the game but unfortunately it turned into a long, drawn out process but thankfully common sense prevailed in the end."
Following the initial charge, Anderson played the Lord's and Ageas Bowl Tests with the threat of a ban hanging over him. His performance in Southampton, where he took seven wickets, helped turn the series around for England after they had gone 1-0 following defeat at Lord's but Anderson admitted it was a challenge to keep his mind on the cricket.
"It was probably one of the most stressful periods that I've been through whilst I've been in the England team," he said. "It was constantly there - whether it was talking to solicitors, whether it was 'we've got meetings here'; whatever it was, it was a constant thing.
"I just wanted it to go away so I could concentrate on the cricket. But I thought that everyone dealt with it brilliantly. The ECB were great; they backed me all the way and I'm very grateful for that."
Anderson continued to insist he does not go too far with his aggression on the field, reiterating it as an important part of his game even though he appeared to chirp less as the India series went on and bowled better.
"I was just having a chat off the field," he said. "When we're on the field out in the middle, the umpires are there to oversee that - if they think we overstep the mark they step in and take over; if it's serious enough they'll report it to the match referee and it gets dealt with like that.
"It's something I've always been aware of. I feel like I need to be aggressive on the field because I'm not a big presence on the field, like Chris Tremlett or Stuart Broad ; being aggressive has helped me do my job for the team.
"But I'm very aware of the boundaries and of overstepping the mark - and if I've ever been close the umpires are straight on it; there are stump microphones there. I'm very aware of everything there and I don't overstep the mark."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

BJP seeks devolution of powersUpdated: September 21, 2014 19:33 IST
BJP seeks devolution of powers
Meera Srinivasan
Special Arrangement BJP leaders Muralidhar Rao and Vijay Jolly call on Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa in Colombo.
TOPICS
India-Sri Lanka
Party team seeks resumption of dialogue with TNA
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has urged Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to resume talks with the Tamil National Alliance (TNA), its visiting leaders told The Hindu.
In Colombo to attend the International Conference of Asian Political Parties, Muralidhar Rao, party general secretary and Vijay Jolly, global convener, BJP Overseas Affairs, met Mr. Rajaspaksa on Friday. The BJP leaders stressed the need for Sri Lanka to devolve more powers.
“Many in Sri Lanka, including those in the government agree that the Northern Province Chief Minister [C.V. Wigneswaran] is a reasonable person but in reality, he is not able to function,” Mr. Rao said said. Sri Lanka should be seen as sincerely helping the elected [northern] government to function and also as offering bureaucratic support.
Mr. Rajapaksa, in a recent interview to The Hindu, said he was open for talks with the TNA. Asked if he seemed willing to hold discussions outside the Parliamentary Select Committee, which the TNA and all the opposition parties have boycotted, Mr. Rao said as a political party from India, the BJP could not get into the specifics of how politics should be conducted in Sri Lanka. “Ultimately, President Rajapaksa has a moral obligation, political and constitutional responsibility towards genuine reconciliation. It will help build a reservoir of goodwill for the Sri Lankan government in Tamil Nadu and rest of India,” he said adding, “If people in Tamil Nadu protest, it is not for nothing.”
On the fisheries issue, the BJP leaders sought early release of the Indian trawlers seized and kept in Sri Lankan custody, a statement released by the BJP following the meeting said.
“We have requested Sri Lanka to be sensitive and flexible in this issue,” Mr. Rao said.
While Sri Lanka demanded an end to the use of bottom-trawling technique, which is banned on the island, it would be difficult for the fishermen to switch to a different method overnight, the BJP leader said adding there were historic reasons for the fishermen to have “inherited the technique.”

G20 plans legal framework to curb tax avoidance  says French Finance Minister Michel SapinE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jammu and Kashmir floods to have  minimal  impact on LIC  says its chairmanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

World Alzheimers Day: Patients  their families struggle due to lack of facilitiesHey, who wants to do a fellowship with Facebook?
For all social media and research enthusiasts, here’s your chance to pursue a fellowship with Facebook. Applications are invited for the Facebook fellowship programme which would be available to US and international students for a full-time PhD-accredited doctoral programme focusing on a topic or field relevant to Facebook.

BJP MP hits out at Maneka Gandhi for backing Varun  says others will also pitch in for their childrenPM Modi greets his Japanese counterpart Abe on his birthday
Sep 21, 2014 at  12:07pm IST
BJP MP hits out at Maneka Gandhi for backing Varun, says others will also pitch in for their children
19
0
New Delhi: Bharatiya Janata Party MP Shyama Charan Gupta on Saturday hit out at Union Minister Maneka Gandhi for her remarks that Varun Gandhi should be brought back in Uttar Pradesh politics.
The Allahabad MP said, "It is a statement made in haste. She should not have said this. Like her others will also pitch in for their children."
When asked whether the Sultanpur MP has the capability to run the state, Gupta said, "There are many who are capable enough."
When asked whether the Sultanpur MP has the capability to run the state, Gupta said, "There are many who are capable enough."
Maneka had backed her son after the BJP fared badly in the Uttar Pradesh bypolls. On the question of mother and son trying to project each other in the state, Gupta said, "They are not right in doing so."
As the state elections are in 2017, it is for BJP Parliamentary Board to decide the candidate.
On BJP's dismal performance in bypolls. Gupta said, "With the BSP not contesting polls, the scenario changed completely."
The BJP won only three seats out of the 11 that went to bypolls on September 13.
7

Gift cards to be $1 bn biz in India in 3-5 years: QwikCilverE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SriLankan Airlines employee s sexual harassment complaint: HC seeks police replyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SEBI mulls prudential governance norms for stock brokersSEBI mulls prudential governance norms for stock brokers
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
After prescribing a new Corporate Governance Code for listed companies, capital markets watchdog SEBI is now mulling over a new set of Prudential Governance Norms for stock brokers to safeguard investors’ interest.
The proposed norms, which are currently at draft stage and are going through consultations, would considerably enhance the disclosure requirements by stock brokers and can subject them to tightened regulations with regard to related party transactions and audit of their books and other dealings.
Besides, the brokers may also be required to put in place a whistle-blower mechanism and frame an effective ‘code of conduct’ for their directors and senior management personnel, in line with similar norms for listed companies as prescribed by SEBI and in the new Companies Act, sources said.
These norms have been proposed by SEBI to ensure that any adverse impact on the interest on investors as well as on the integrity of securities markets can be avoided in the event of any lapses at the end of stock broker.
SEBI is aiming to “minimise/prevent occurrence of circumstances leading to default in making payments by stock brokers to stock exchanges or clients due to lack of due diligence in their risk management system, due to mis-management leading to instability or failure in operations of stock broker including insolvency etc” with these norms.
The new corporate governance norms for listed companies are coming into effect from October 1. However, SEBI recently relaxed some provisions after representations from the industry bodies and the government and it has given time till April 1, 2015 for a key provision of having minimum one woman director on the boards of listed companies.
A senior official said that the brokers have also already begun making representations before the regulator with concerns that any tightening of corporate governance norms could hurt their business due to high compliance costs.
The brokers are arguing that they are already operating in a highly regulated business and the new Companies Act has already provided for significant tightening of norms for the corporate brokerage firms.
Among others, the proposed norms would require brokers to submit their audited annual reports within 60 days of end of a financial year and a half-yearly networth certificate within two months of the end of a half-year to the stock exchange.
The quarterly financial results would be required to be submitted within 45 days of end of each quarter, while annual audit would need to be done by “an independent, competent and qualified auditor“.
No stock broker would be allowed to re-appoint an individual as an auditor for more than one term for five consecutive years.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Accounting panel to complete IFRS convergence report by November-endAccounting panel to complete IFRS convergence report by November-end
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Racing against time, the revamped NACAS expects to complete its final report on convergence of Indian accounting norms with global standards by November-end.
The “immediate priority” of the National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards (NACAS) is to work towards implementation of norms that are converged with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), according to the panel’s chairperson Amarjit Chopra.
He told PTI that the panel would complete its report by November-end and the first meeting of the re-constituted committee is expected to be held in the coming week.
The government has said the adoption of new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) — converged with IFRS — by domestic companies should voluntarily start from the 2015-16 fiscal and the same would be mandatory from 2016-17.
“We have to complete it (final report on Ind AS implementation) by November end” since the government has set a time frame that starts from 2015-16 fiscal, Chopra said.
According to him, the biggest challenges for implementation of Ind AS would be in the banking and insurance sectors.
“There will be certain carve outs (exemptions) as India is only converging not adopting IFRS,” he noted.
On September 18, the Corporate Affairs Ministry which is implementing the companies law, re-constituted NACAS — that would advise corporates on accounting policies and standards.
It would be in place till National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA), under the new companies law, is set up.
The 13-member panel includes RBI and SEBI officials.
Among others, officials from Corporate Affairs Ministry, CBDT and CAG, Institute of Cost Accountants, Institute of Chartered Accountants and Institute of Company Secretaries are also part of the committee.
The panel would “advise the central government on the formulation and laying down of accounting policies and accounting standards for adoption by companies or class of companies”, the Ministry had said in its circular.
Under the Companies Act, 2013, the government is to set up NFRA that would have powers to lay down the accounting and auditing policies and standards.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech on July 10, had said there was an urgent need to converge the current Indian accounting standards with IFRS.
“I propose for adoption of the new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) by the Indian companies from the financial year 2015-16 voluntarily and from the financial year 2016—17 on a mandatory basis,” he had said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Cambridge-India senior fellowships on anvilCambridge-India senior fellowships on anvil
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Looking to deepen its engagement with India, Cambridge University plans to soon start senior fellowship programme where the participants would spend a significant part of their time in the country.
UK-based University of Cambridge, one of the oldest in the world, already has about 270 active projects in India.
“Discussions are on for Cambridge India senior fellowships that would allow people to engage with Cambridge while based here in India and helping Cambridge work on projects,” Cambridge University Vice Chancellor Leszek Borysiewicz told PTI in an interview.
Among others, St John’s College that comes under Cambridge University has Dr Manmohan Singh Scholarships. The former Prime Minister is an alumnus of the university.
“We will be looking at the establishment of five-year fellowships, a quite senior level, and for individuals to spend a period of time in Cambridge. It would be above PhD (level).
“They (those getting fellowships) will spend more than 60 per cent of time actually on the ground working in projects, supporting them here (India) and contributing to projects here,” Borysiewicz said.
Responding to a query on whether these fellowships would start next year, Borysiewicz said, “I sincerely hope so“.
Besides, the university is looking for new alliances in India especially in the areas of plant sciences and food security.
“I am also looking to establish partnerships in arts and humanities... with every partnership we do, what we are looking for is complementarity,” the Vice Chancellor said.
Describing India as an incredibly vibrant country, he said the partnerships being forged with Indian institutions are really important for the university.
“We can work together and address some deep global issues not just some (issues) for ourselves and India,” he noted.
Borysiewicz has been at the helm of the university since October 2010.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

UB Groups Prakash Mirpuri resignsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
UB Group’s Prakash Mirpuri resigns
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 21:  
UB Group Vice-President for Corporate Communications Prakash Mirpuri has resigned after over seven years of association with the Vijay Mallya-led conglomerate, sources said.
“UB Group Vice-President for Corporate Communications Prakash Mirpuri has put in his papers and is currently serving the notice period. He is expected to take up another assignment very soon,” industry sources told PTI.
Mirpuri, who had moved to the UB Group in April 2007, had quit the company in July but was persuaded by Mallya to stay put, sources said adding, “However, this time round, his resignation has been accepted by the management”.
Confirming the development, Mirpuri said he would leaving the group on September 30.
“Yes, indeed. I have put in my papers at the UB Group and September 30 will be my last day here,” Mirpuri told PTI in response to a text message.
Mirpuri said he would take up a new assignment soon, without divulging further details.
A text message sent to Mallya did not elicit any response.
After United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines, promoter Vijay Mallya, and three other directors wilful defaulters, the country’s largest bank SBI had recently sent a notice to tag them as “wilful defaulters”. Some other banks are also in the process of doing the same.
Debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines has contested UBI’s decision to declare it as a wilful defaulter.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Finance panel can look into GST compensation issue: Sumit BoseWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Assessees will not be made to wait to meet tax officialsAssessees will not be made to wait to meet tax officials
PTI
The initiative forms part of the exercise to make the tax administration non-adversarial and taxpayer-friendly.
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
In a taxpayer-friendly move, the revenue department has directed its officials to fix meetings with assessees in such a manner so that they do not have to wait.
As per the current practice, tax officials call assessees for meetings at one time and they have to wait for long hours for their turn.
“We issued clear instructions that the time should be so fixed that tax payer and assessee when called for whatever reason, for adjudication/hearing, he should not be made to wait unnecessarily and for timing between two meetings there should be adequate spacing,” a top revenue department official said.
There are about 3.7 crore tax payers, while the officials from Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) are able to scrutinise only one per cent of the returns. So roughly about 3-3.5 lakh returns are being scrutinised.
The initiative forms part of the exercise to make the tax administration non-adversarial and taxpayer-friendly.
Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das had recently said the department’s key objective is to foster non-adversarial tax administration and towards this has tried to reduce the interface between the tax officials and assessee.
“Number of steps has been taken on non adversarial tax administration. We have had in the recent weeks discussions between the CBDT and CBEC. Very shortly we will be coming out with certain guidelines for the department officials to follow to foster a more transparent and a more non-adversarial tax administration,” he said.
The Government has targeted to raise Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in the current fiscal, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Seat-sharing row: How Sena s stand can affect BJP s master plan of defeating rival bigwigsThe Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have to shelve its master plan of defeating senior Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ministers in the assembly polls, if the Shiv Sena does not agree to redistribute or exchange seats.
Advertisement
Riding high on the Modi wave and its excellent show in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP is eyeing 59 assembly seats, some of which are represented by senior ministers, which are with the Sena but the latter has never won. In fact, these 59 seats are a major reason for the seat-sharing deadlock between the BJP and the Sena. The BJP wants around half these seats and has offered to consider conceding 19 seats it has never won.
The BJP’s carefully crafted plot will not work at all if the two parties decide to break the 25-year-old alliance and split votes in favour of the ruling parties, said a BJP leader. “The Sena has always fielded weak candidates against these established leaders, and based on our Lok Sabha experiment, we want to change this,” he added.
Read: BJP turns down Shiv Sena's new offer
Foremost on the BJP’s agenda is capturing NCP leader and home minister RR Patil’s Tasgaon-Kavthe Mahankal seat in Sangli district. It has inducted former NCP leader Ajit Ghorpade into the party fold for this purpose. Ghorpade gave then Congress MP Pratik Patil a run for his money as a BJP-supported independent in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. His friend in the NCP, Sanjay Kaka Patil, defected to the BJP earlier this year and ended the Congress’ unbeaten run in Sangli in the Lok Sabha after beating Pratik by a huge margin. Ghorpade may contest as an independent if the Sena rejects the BJP’s request to vacate the seat.
 
The BJP also wants the neighbouring Palus-Kadegaon seat, represented by forest minister Patangrao Kadam (Congress). Prithviraj Deshmukh, who fought the last elections as an independent, is now BJP’s prospective candidate. The Sena did not contest here the last time, but has staked its claim now.
Read: Cong, NCP join fight club , disagree over seats
The BJP is also eyeing the Belapur seat, which is represented by excise minister Ganesh Naik. In 2009, the Sena had allowed the BJP to field real estate developer Suresh Hawre. Sources said the Sena is not willing to give up the seat this time for BJP aspirant and import from NCP, Manda Mhatre.
Others on the BJP’s hit list are minister of state Amit Deshmukh (Latur city), water supply minister Dilip Sopal (Barshi) and higher education minister Rajesh Tope (Jalna) where the Sena has rarely won. The party has also asked for Guhagar, which it had given in 2009 to the then Opposition leader Ramdas Kadam, who lost to minister Bhaskar Jadhav (NCP) in a triangular fight triggered by then sitting BJP legislator and rebel Vinay Natu. Natu has made the BJP his home again and will challenge Jadhav.
The party is also in talks with seven-term Congress MLA from Karad, Vilas Undarkar, because chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is looking to contest from here. Patil, however, is unwilling to vacate the seat.

20 girl students from Jammu on an educational tour across north IndiaSep 21, 2014 at 12:47pm IST
20 girl students from Jammu on an educational tour across north India
9
0
Jammu: Army sent a group of 20 girl students and two teachers of border areas of Jammu district on an 10-day educational-cum-motivational tour across north India under "Operation Sadbhavana".
The tour was flagged off by General Officer Commanding (GOC), Crossed Swords Division from Akhnoor area of Jammu, defence spokesman said.
The aim of the tour is to make the girls of border area aware of the rich heritage of the country, he said.
Army sent a group of 20 girl students and two teachers of border areas of Jammu district on an 10-day educational-cum-motivational tour.
During the tour, the girls will meet various eminent personalities and visit places of historical and cultural importance in Chandigarh, Delhi and Agra, he said.
6

2G spectrum allocation case: Govt issues order for permanent appointment of ED officer2G spectrum allocation case: Govt issues order for permanent appointment of ED officer
Indian jailed for 3 yrs in Dubai for chain snatchingPress Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:33 pm
A 21-year-old unemployed Indian has been sentenced to three years in jail for snatching a gold chain from a compatriot laundry manager after spraying pepper in his eyes in Dubai.
The defendant, identified only with his initials S H, waylaid the victim S B, who was on his way to have breakfast, and asked him if he could find him a job, Gulf News reported.
In January, S H and his alleged accomplice, who is still at large, assaulted S B on the street, and snatched a gold chain from his neck before fleeing the spot. The Dubai Court of First Instance convicted S H who pleaded not guilty. He confessed that he sprayed the pepper only.
“The footages of the surveillance cameras did not prove anything,” the defendant said. However, the laundry manager testified in the court and confirmed that he was attacked by two men with a pepper spray who decamped with his gold chain.
Prosecutors said the stolen chain was worth 8,000 Dirham (USD 2,178). The accused will be deported after serving his sentence.

Customised tablets make way to India for Rs ...Customised tablet devices make way to India for Rs 5000 onwards
By PTI | 21 Sep, 2014, 01.22PM IST
0
Share More
The company, Pinig Tech, has categorised its tablets as Executive Tab, Kids Tab, Woman Tab, Gaming Tab and Senior Tab for different user groups. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Challenging the one-size-fits-all approach of leading electronics manufacturers, a home-grown company has brought in a new concept of customised tablets for specific segments like children, women, seniors, professionals and gamers with prices starting at under Rs 5,000.
Besides being customised at the hardware and software levels, these tablets -- under the brand name 'Pinig Tabs' and powered by Android operating system -- would provide 'managed device' services to users through the product's lifecycle.
The company, Pinig Tech, has categorised its tablets as Executive Tab, Kids Tab, Woman Tab, Gaming Tab and Senior Tab for different user groups. The tablets would start at a price of under Rs 5,000 and can go up to Rs 12,800 depending on the configuration that a user requires.
"We are passionate about technology and want to make it easy to use for everybody. You shouldn't have to be tech-savvy to enjoy all the benefits of technology. While your 8-month old child can use the Kids Tab for learning numbers and rhymes, your 70-year old dad can use the Senior Tab to watch his grandchildren learn their first words," Pinig Tech's co-founder Piyush Nigam said.
These tablets would come with a range of apps selected on the basis of the needs of the target user, while ensuring compatibility with a particular device's configuration.
The company said that Pinig Tab would be a 'managed device', which means that it automatically upgrades chosen apps as and when a new version of the app is released.
The company has also lined up big plans for the upcoming festive season, while it is also in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations.
Besides, Pinig aims to tap social media platforms and schools to promote these tabs.
Apart from discounts, Pinig would be offering festive packs that include branded tablet covers, earphones, 3G dongle and other accessories.
Rise of smartphones with large screen has eaten into the global tablet and 2-in-1 market with shipment growing just 3.9 per cent to 50.4 million units in the January-March quarter, research firm IDC said.
Slow growth across commercial and consumer segments saw sales of players like Apple, Asus and Amazon also falling.
However, customised tablets are becoming popular in developed countries with many players offering products tailor-made for specific customer groups.
Mayank Saxena from the Online Marketing Team at Pinig Tech said customers can get life-time service on these tabs through its website pinig.com and also select different apps.
"Moreover, we are in the process of contacting schools for our Kids Tab," said Manjeet Singh from the Product Development Team. The Kids Tab is available in three age categories, ranging from toddlers to pre-teens.
"We have big plans for this year's festive season. We are in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations for Diwali and beyond. With social media gaining popularity, we also plan to issue coupon codes for our tablets.
"Apart from discounts on the tablets, we would be offering festive packs that include accessories that a user may need.
"These become attractive gifting options, particularly because the range of offering has wide appeal across age groups, while representing an exciting alternative to traditional gifts," said Vikrant Sharma from the Business Development Team.

Indonesia confident of hosting a good Asian Games in 2018Indonesia confident of hosting a good Asian Games in 2018
New PF Facility Expected to be Launched on October 16New PF Facility Expected to be Launched on October 16
NASA spacecraft set to enter Mars orbit Sunday nightNASA spacecraft set to enter Mars orbit Sunday night
FII inflows in debt market cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark in 2014FII inflows in debt market cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark in 2014
Shemaroo IPO Subscribed 7.37 Times on Final Day of OfferYou are here: Home Ipo
Shemaroo IPO Subscribed 7.37 Times on Final Day of Offer
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 21:01 (IST)
RBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
Mumbai: The initial public offer of Shemaroo Entertainment, which is into film and entertainment content business, saw good demand from investors, getting subscribed 7.37 times, on the last day of the issue today.
The Rs 100-crore IPO, received bids for over 4.21 crore shares as against the issue size of over 57.20 lakh shares, data available with the NSE showed.
The final break-up for subscription in retail, qualified institutional buyers and non-institutional investors category were, however, not updated.
As per yesterday's data available with the NSE, the category for retail individual investors was subscribed 1.77 times, while non-institutional investors received 0.06 times subscription.
The portion for qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) saw 0.23 times subscription.
Shemaroo entered the capital market with an initial public offer of shares in the price band of Rs 155-170 to raise about Rs 100 crore.
The company's IPO, which opened on Tuesday closed today.
Shemaroo Entertainment had on Monday sold shares worth Rs 36 crore to nine anchor investors, including Birla Sunlife and HDFC mutual funds.
The proceeds from the issue would be utilised to fund working capital requirements and general corporate purpose.
The lead managers of the issue are Yes Bank Ltd and ICICI Securities Ltd.
Shemaroo would list shares on the National Stock Exchange and the BSE. Shemaroo is into film and entertainment content business.
This is the fourth IPO this year. Prior to this, there have been public offers of Wonderla Holidays, Snowman Logistics Ltd and Sharda Cropchem.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 20:59 (IST)

Emotionally fraught times require extra financial careEmotionally fraught times require extra financial care
By Janet Kidd Stewart
Retirement Planning Finance Long Term Care
After a tough life event, clients might want specialized financial services.
The widow was long past the first stages of money management after her husband died, leaving her to raise her school-age children.
She was past ordering extra death certificates and changing the names on credit cards and other financial accounts. She was still at work and managing the household by supplementing her income with life insurance proceeds from her husband's estate.
But her life was far from back to normal, said her financial adviser, Eve Kaplan, a fee-only financial planner. There were stock options to decide what to do with and just-discovered accounts that needed investment management. There was still college tuition to think about.
Kaplan has several clients who have gone through divorce or the death of a spouse and has learned that these arrangements often call for a different approach.
"I do a lot of hand-holding and am happy to do it," she said. "Normally, all my client meetings are in my office, but I make exceptions. … This woman who lost her husband unexpectedly was just at a loss, so I've gone to her house on a regular basis to help go through the mail and deal with her accounts.
cComments
The title says it all. People should be more careful in handling their money. Seeking the help of a financial adviser is recommended since there are variety of factors to consider such as college education, mortgages, insurance products and long-term care needs. I just would like to add more...
Terrence Jackson
1
"It overlaps with more traditional bookkeeping services, but this is way more than issuing checks."
As more financial advisers offer specialized services to clients who have lost a partner, it pays to check out what's available and what is worth paying for, experts said.
"There's a huge push now in financial services to pay attention to women," said Nancy Fellinger, vice president for investments at Coburn & Meredith Inc., an advisory firm. More than ever, she said, clients in transition need to scrutinize credentials and consider potential advisers' "time in the saddle."
Getting beyond the perfunctory nod to some issues can be a challenge.
A survey of about 500 financial advisers presented this month in a webinar for the Retirement Income Industry Association found that 36 percent provide clients with a recommendation for claiming Social Security benefits, for example.
Though almost all advisers (92 percent) said they provide support for making decisions about Social Security, nearly two-thirds said they provide education or create potential claiming strategy scenarios without recommending a strategy, said Howard Schneider of Practical Perspectives, which conducted the survey with GDC Research.
"Clients want support in this area, and when you think about it, virtually everyone is impacted by Social Security and yet there's very little frame of reference going into it," Schneider said.
Advisers said many clients don't want to hear about delaying benefits, because they fear cuts in the program, Schneider said, and many advisers simply aren't aware of all the services available that can crunch the numbers and make recommendations. (There are free and relatively low-cost calculators available to the public).
Another important issue is planning for long-term care, which may now be more important than maintaining life insurance policies, Kaplan said.
For pre-retirees, she said, the most important financial planning tool may be priming the pay pump.
For a client going through a divorce, Kaplan made an introduction to a career counselor to help the client boost her income and stretch the divorce settlement. Unfortunately, the counselor started giving the client financial advice, which Kaplan found to be unethical and confusing to the client.
There's another key lesson there. Clients who are compromised by stress can often act on suggestions without considering the qualifications of the adviser or jump to wrong financial decisions, particularly when they are newly single, Kaplan said.
"Widows and divorcees are often very insecure and they rush to pay off the mortgage, but if they have a very low interest rate, that might not be a good idea," she added as one example. "For me, it's about knowing who to tap to look at critical things like long-term care, which they may need now more than ever. It's also just about listening at a very emotional time. I'm not trying to pose as a therapist, but it's important to listen to their concerns."
Share your journey to or through retirement or pose a question at journey@janetkiddstewart.com .

Suzlon Slumps; Convertible Bonds Turned to SharesYou are here: Home Market
Suzlon Slumps; Convertible Bonds Turned to Shares
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 14:54 (IST)
Suzlon Energy slumped by its maximum daily limit of 10 per cent on Friday.
Part of the company's foreign currency convertible bonds were exchanged to shares on September 9.
Those 270.4 million shares started to trade on Friday.
As of 2:39 p.m., shares in Suzlon Energy were trading at Rs 20.40 apiece on the BSE,  down 9.93 per cent from the previous close.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Nepal Clears GMR Plan for $1.4 Billion Hydroelectric PlantYou are here: Home Corporates
Nepal Clears GMR Plan for $1.4 Billion Hydroelectric Plant
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 15:00 (IST)
Income Tax Department Conducts Searches on Sahara Group in Delhi, NCR
Kathmandu: Nepal's cabinet on Thursday cleared the way for Indian firm GMR to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest.
Law Minister Narahari Acharya said a cabinet meeting had approved the draft of an agreement to be signed with the Indian company. "This approval will open the way for different foreign investment projects that are in the pipeline to move ahead," Acharya told Reuters after a cabinet meeting.
Officials said GMR and another Indian firm, Satluj Vidyut Nigam, plan to construct other hydroelectric plants in Nepal with a potential to generate up to 42,000 megawatts of electricity.
The GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 per cent energy free to Nepal to ease a crippling power shortage.
Officials said Investment Board Nepal will now sign a Project Development Agreement (PDA) with GMR, which will construct transmission lines across the border to transmit the remaining electricity to India.
The Indian firm will give a 27 per cent stake in the plant to Nepal.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 15:00 (IST)

Taxation  Regulatory Issues May Trip REITs Success: ReportGovernment to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
Mumbai: Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) could be a game changer for the realty sector, but lack of clarity on taxation and regulatory aspects might act as roadblocks for attracting foreign investments in the commercial space, according to a report.
REITs are expected to channelise funds from moderate investors such as insurance and pension funds, but several taxation and regulatory issues could act as impediments, said the report titled 'Destination India - Are we ready for REITs?' released in Mumbai on Friday by global accounting firm KPMG jointly with Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (KPMG-IVCA).
The KPMG-IVCA report has estimated that India has about 350 million square feet of 'Grade A' office space, which is valued at about $65 billion to $70 billion (Rs 4.2 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees). Of which, about 100 million square feet is estimated to be eligible for REITs in the next three years, valued at about $20 billion (Rs 1.2 lakh crore).
As much as 52.6 million square feet and 57.1 million square feet are likely to be developed in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
Most of India's 'Grade A' property is concentrated in seven major cities namely Delhi-NCR, which includes Gurgaon and Noida, in addition to Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata and Hyderabad.
Besides 'Grade A' office space, there are other commercial properties which might come under the purview of REIT-able properties including shopping centres, retail malls, hotels, industrial warehouses and other places of storage, the report said.
"The availability of large number of assets across different cities, inexpensive properties (in comparison to global peers), and high growth potential of commercial real estate sector is expected to find takers for REITs in India," KPMG India partner and head of real estate and construction Neeraj Bansal said.
Recent developments such as formation of the new government, improvement in domestic as well as global economic growth and resumption of infrastructure cycle in India are expected to further support the commercial real estate sector, he said.
However, certain taxation and regulatory aspects of REITs require amendments, especially in the Income Tax Act, which could further enhance attractiveness of Indian REITs for global investors, Mr Bansal said.
"It is critical that the government considers further amendments to the Income tax Act to provide a tax efficient and stable regime for REITs in India. It is also essential that government holds detailed discussions with all stakeholders and extends help to make Indian REITs a preferred investment channel for real estate investors," he said.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 23:43 (IST)

Pregnant and Poor Delivering a Healthy Baby Just Got Harderpregnant and poor delivering a healthy baby just got harder
Apple TV gets a much-needed updateTested by Experts
Apple TV Gets a Much Needed Update
The little TV hockey puck finally gets some love, but can it still compete with Google and Amazon?
Daniel Wroclawski
September 20, 2014
It's been a long time since Apple talked about television. The hardware for its flagship TV product, the Apple TV, hasn't been updated in well over a year, and the interface looks and feels dated compared to the Amazon Fire TV, and even Apple's new operating systems. But that all changed this week.
While everyone was busy updating their iPhones and iPads to iOS 8, Apple quietly pushed out an update to its aging TV box. The update first appeared in a beta release about a month ago. According to 9to5Mac , it gives the Apple TV's software a fresh coat of paint, with a design similar to the new iOS and Mac OS X Yosemite.
The update also adds a Beats Music channel to access the company's newly acquired streaming music service. Beyond that, there aren't many new features. The box now supports the new iCloud Photo Library, as well as Apple's Family Sharing feature, which allows multiple users to share purchases made on the same credit card.
Apple continues to add new content channels, but otherwise its little TV hobby keeps collecting dust.
The little black box desperately needs both a hardware and software overhaul. Many outlets have reported that Apple plans to revolutionize its TV product, but it has supposedly been held up by negotiations for some time.
In the meantime, Google and Amazon have been making moves in the TV space. The $35 Chromecast dongle has been a runaway success, and seems to be adding new sources of content all the time. Google has also revealed its Android TV platform , which will offer movies, music, and TV shows, as well as apps and games, when it's released next year. And Amazon launched its Fire TV box , which notably added gaming with an optional controller.
Meanwhile, Apple continues to add new content channels , but with seemingly tepid interest in alternate media like gaming. The company's little TV hobby just seems to be collecting dust, waiting to be replaced by a new and improved piece of hardware.
If you have an Apple TV and want to spruce it up with Apple's latest update, just head over to the Software Update button in the Settings app.

SpaceX Launches 3-D Printer  Other Station GearAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

For Mars mission experts  safe mode means dangerFor Mars mission experts  safe mode means danger
Airlines oppose govt on connectivity to remo...Airlines oppose governement policy on connectivity to remote areas
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 12.53PM IST
Tags:
Ashok Gajapathi Raju
(To discuss the policy and…)
NEW DELHI: Airlines and private charter operators have opposed the government's draft policy on air connectivity to regional and remote areas, saying it will have severe impact on their financial strength.
Almost all major airlines, including the proposed Tata-SIA carrier Vistara , and business jet operators have submitted their opinions to the Civil Aviation Ministry over the past few days opposing various provisions of the draft policy, and called for further deliberations.
To discuss the policy and other issues like high taxation on jet fuel with top airline officials, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju has convened a meeting here next week, official sources said.
The revised draft policy on air connectivity to regional and remote areas was made public last month by the Ministry, which proposed a major shift in the route dispersal guidelines and promised several incentives and exemption from various charges to airlines which fly to such unconnected places.
Terming the state governments as major stakeholders in improving air connectivity in the hinterland, the policy asks them to take financial measures like slashing VAT on jet fuel and underwriting of some seats to encourage aviation growth.
It also suggests that the state governments should waive electricity and municipal charges like house and property taxes for five years for airport infrastructure.
The draft proposes increase in the number of trunk routes from present 12 to 30 and identifies 87 regional "incentive destinations". It makes it mandatory for scheduled airlines to mount capacity "which is at least equal to the capacity deployed on trunk routes" by October 2015.
In its submission, private airline Jet Airways said the policy requirement to deploy 100 per cent of trunk route capacity on regional routes could cause overcapacity and hence this should be should be reduced to 50 per cent.
Terming the airline industry's financial situation as "very precarious" due to high debt burden and mounting costs, Jet said the losses of Indian carriers on routes connecting North-Eastern region, Jammu and Kashmir, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Lakshadweep "continue to be a significant contributor to these industry losses".
In its response, SpiceJet said that in order to meet the proposed requirements, it would have to increase its fleet strength by 20 per cent in the next two years which would be "almost impossible to achieve".
Tata-SIA, in its reply, said compelling its airline to serve on regional and remote areas in the first few years of its operations would "add significant challenge to what is already a tall order to stay profitable in the present (economic) environment".
With the existence of the rule which allows an Indian airline to fly abroad only after it operates domestic for five years and acquires 20 planes, Tata-SIA also urged the government to impose the remote connectivity policy "only when an airline has been given international flying rights".
No-frill carrier GoAir said, "Equal capacity deployment (on regional and remote routes vis-a-vis trunk routes) may not be commercially viable" as the non-trunk routes were not yet ready with demand.
The Business Aircraft Operators Association (BAOA), which represents private and charter operators, asked the government to consider capital subsidies, in terms of soft or low- interest loans by banks for purchasing aircraft.
The demand was made as BAOA pointed out that interest on loans from Indian banks was higher than in the global market. On the other hand, international capital was not coming to Indian companies, especially after the Kingfisher debacle.
BAOA suggested that since a new concept of Scheduled Commuter Airline (SCA) was proposed to be introduced for the first time through the policy, there should be flexibility in rules and regulations for the first three years.
BAOA also said that state governments, besides providing various exemptions, should also provide for complimentary ground handling services at the Tier-II and III airports to reduce the burden on the SCAs or charter operators.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Most pleasing result: New Zealand PM on third termMost pleasing result: New Zealand PM on third term
Police arrest suspected militant in West BengalPolice arrest suspected militant in West Bengal
G20 nations split on Putin s visit to Brisbane: Aus Foreign MinisterG20 nations split on Putin s visit to Brisbane: Aus Foreign Minister
Congress ready to compromise  but NCP remains adamant  says Manikrao ThakreCongress ready to compromise  but NCP remains adamant  says Manikrao Thakre
Suzuki Motorcycle eyes export martsSuzuki Motorcycle eyes export marts
Cambridge says alumnus Manmohan Singh has standinginvitePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 2:18 pm
Eager to host its “famous and valued alumnus” Manmohan Singh, Cambridge University has said it has a standing invite for the former Prime Minister of India and it would love to see him on the campus.
Singh, a well known economist, studied economics at St John’s College, Cambridge. He passed Economics Tripos (First Class Honours) from Cambridge University.
Describing Singh as a “famous and valued alumnus”, Cambridge University Vice Chancellor Leszek Borysiewicz said, “We are always delighted whenever he has the time to come to Cambridge”.
“Singh knows us extremely well and I know that his college, St John’s College, is very keen for him to visit us. I am very keen for him to visit Cambridge.
“There has been a standing invitation and there continues to be a standing invitation. We would love to see him,” Borysiewicz said in an interview during his visit here.
On whether any formal proposal has been made to Singh in this regard, the Vice Chancellor said there is always a standing invite “from me anytime to visit Cambridge”
“That is something that is open to him and he knows that. I haven’t troubled him because this is a turbulent time with changeovers in the government and I look forward to hear from him when he is ready,” Borysiewicz said.
Singh, who had a brilliant academic and administrative career, served as Prime Minister from 2004 to 2014. He is also credited with kick-starting India’s economic reforms way back in 1990s.

The Bilawal playlist: Must-see videos of Pakistan risingsonPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:47 pm
With the recent controversy around Bilawal Bhutto’s Kashmir comment, Indian Express compiles a short playlist for you.
 

PM Narendra Modi tweets bithday wishes to Japanese counterpart ShinzoAbePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:43 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday wished his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe on his birthday and said that both of them are committed to taking India-Japan ties to the next level.
“Wishing @AbeShinzo a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health & wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Wishing @AbeShinzo a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health & wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
Recalling his interactions with the Japanese Prime Minister, Modi said, “Whenever I interact with @AbeShinzo, I cannot but marvel at his insight & expertise on a wide range of issues, both local & international.” “Both PM @AbeShinzo & I are committed to taking India-Japan relations to the next level & contributing to global peace & development,” he said.
Both PM @AbeShinzo & I are committed to taking India-Japan relations to the next level & contributing to global peace & development.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
Modi, who turned 64 on September 17, had received a call from Abe who wished him on his birthday, in a reflection of the special bonding the two Prime Ministers enjoy.
The Prime Minister visited Japan only in the beginning of this month and the warmth between the two leaders was at display during that time.
Separately, Modi also congratulated New Zealand Prime Minister John Key and his National Party for winning the general election held yesterday.
“Congratulations to @johnkeypm & the NZ National Party for the victory in the General Election,” Modi tweeted.
Congratulations to @johnkeypm & the NZ National Party for the victory in the General Election.

Maharashtra polls: Shiv Sena gives 119 seats to BJP in final offerMaharashtra polls: Shiv Sena gives 119 seats to BJP in final offer
PM Modi greets Japanese PM Abe on his birthdayPM Modi greets Japanese PM Abe on his birthday
UB Group s Vice-President Prakash Mirpuri resignsUB Group s Vice-President Prakash Mirpuri resigns
Fortune ranks Indra Nooyi third most powerful women in businessFortune ranks Indra Nooyi third most powerful women in business
PTI  New York, September 18, 2014
First Published: 23:40 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 07:51 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third most powerful businesswoman by Fortune, the only Indian-origin woman on the 2014 list topped by IBM chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.
Fortune said nearly half the women on 'The Most PowerfulWomen in Business 2014' list run huge companies, which is a record and "all are working hard to transform their businesses." Nooyi, 58, dropped from the second position she held last year to third. Fortune said her innovation push is paying off at PepsiCo,which has increased research and development spending by 25% since 2011. In 2013, of 50 bestselling new food and beverage products in the US, nine came from PepsiCo -- Starbucks Iced Coffee, Muller Quaker Yogurt, and Mountain Dew Kickstart.
"In July the company raised its profit growth forecast for the year, which should help Nooyi counter calls by activist investor Nelson Peltz to break up the food and beverage giant," the publication said. Topping the list for the third time is Rometty, whose strategy of investing in new technologies is showing results. Even though IBM's revenue declined for the second consecutive year, falling nearly 5% to $99.8 billion in fiscal 2013, its revenue rose 69% for each division last year.
Rometty has also signed strategic partnerships, such as a deal with Apple to provide IBM's services on the iOS platform. Rometty has also pledged to invest $1 billion in the development and commercialisation of the cognitive computing system, another future growth area for the company.
Making a huge jump in the rankings is General Motors CEO Mary Barra, who is ranked second this year up from the 29th position last year. Barra became the auto industry's first female CEO in January and promptly faced GM's largest vehicle recall ever, 29 million so far from a faulty ignition switch linked to at least 13 deaths since 2005. The list also includes aerospace and defence giant Lockheed Martin's chairman, CEO, and president Marillyn Hewson at number 4, bioscience firm DuPont CEO Ellen Kullman at rank 5 and Hewlett-Packard chairman and CEO Meg Whitman on the 6th position.
Facebook's Sandberg slipped in the rankings from fifth postion to 10th. Fortune said last year was all about Sandberg as her bestselling book 'Lean In' helped her become the face of corporate gender equality. "This year is all about Facebook. Its 2013 profits jumped an astounding 2,730%, mainly because of increased revenue from mobile ads, and it announced huge deals in early 2014 to acquire virtual-reality company Oculus VR for over $2 billion and buzzy messaging platform WhatsApp for $19 billion," Fortune said.
As CEO Mark Zuckerberg's number two, Sandberg remains "crucial to the company's long-term strategy". She's also the best-paid woman on the list, making $38 million last year. The list also includes aerospace & defence company General Dynamics's CEO Phebe Novakovic on rank 11, Oracle co-president Safra Catz (14), Xerox chairman and CEO Ursula Burns (17), Procter & Gamble group president, North America Melanie Healey(18), YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki (19), Intel president Rene James (21), Avon CEO Sheri McCoy (27), Apple senior vice president, retail and online stores Angela Ahrendts (29) and CEO, asset management at JP Morgan Chase Mary Erdoes (32).

SAP Announces its Biggest Ever AcquisitionYou are here: Home Corporates
SAP to Buy Concur Technologies for $7.3 Billion
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 14:14 (IST)
Tata Motors Plans to Launch Trucks With Auto Gear Shift
Frankfurt: German business software maker SAP said on Thursday it has agreed to acquire US-based expense management software maker Concur Technologies Inc in a cash deal valued at $7.3 billion that expands its presence in internet-based software or so-called cloud computing.
SAP said in a statement it would offer $129 per share for Concur, a 20 per cent premium over the September 17 closing price.
But the offer is just under the $130.36 record high Concur shares set in January, after a dramatic two-year upward run.
Based on 57 million outstanding shares, the offer for Bellevue, Washington-based Concur is valued at $7.3 billion. Including debt, the offer represents an enterprise value of about $8.3 billion, SAP said.
With the acquisition of Concur, the biggest in SAP's history, SAP will increase its cloud users to 50 million from 38 million currently.
Cloud computing allows businesses to cut costs by ditching bulky servers for network-based systems using remote data centres run by technology companies.
Global business spending on cloud services is expected to jump 20 per cent this year to $174 billion, research firm IHS estimates. By 2017, spending will be more than $235 billion, triple the 2011 level, they expect.
"The acquisition of Concur is consistent with our focus on the business network," said SAP Chief Executive Bill McDermott.
Since early in the year, Concur stock slid more than 17 per cent, due in part to a general retreat by investors from high-momentum stocks but also due to declining margins, according to a Jeffries' investors note published in late April. Concur stock closed at $107.80 ahead of SAP's offer.
The Concur shares trade at 44 times expected earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA), according to Starmine data. This compares to a ratio of 30 for peer Salesforce.com.
BIG IN BUSINESS
Concur has 23,000 clients that include companies, governments and universities, with more than 25 million users of its business expense and travel management software and services.
SAP said it expected significant synergies. Just about a third of Concur users run SAP software and the southern-Germany based company expects to add Concur customers.
The Concur acquisition gives SAP deeper access to an area of corporate finance where it is not dominant. "SAP now has a business network that is 75 per cent bigger than Amazon, eBay and Alibaba combined," said CEO McDermott.
SAP is competing with global rivals including IBM and Oracle to exploit surging demand for web-based software.
SAP entered the cloud business quite late in 2012 after spending $7.7 billion on buying internet-based computing companies Ariba and SuccessFactors.
It expects to get 3 billion-3.5 billion euros in sales from cloud computing by 2017 out of a total of at least 22 billion, but McDermott said that SAP will raise the outlook after completion of the Concur acquisition.
Concur's revenue for the fiscal third quarter ended in June rose 28.6 pct to $178.37 million.
The Concur board of directors has unanimously approved the transaction, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2014 or the first quarter 2015, subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals, SAP said.
The acquisition would be funded from a credit facility agreement of up to 7 billion euros, SAP said, which was advised by Deutsche Bank. Concur was advised by boutique bank Qatalyst.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex down nearly 22 points on profit-booking; logs 6th weekly riseComments
Profit-booking on Friday pulled the Sensex down by 22 points to close at 27,090.42 on losses in capital goods, refinery, realty and auto sectors, but recent gains helped the BSE benchmark log its sixth straight week of gains, the longest winning run in over two years.
The 30-share BSE Sensex resumed on a better note and rallied further to a high of 27,247.17, up by 135 points, on the back of firm Asian trends prompted by overnight rally on Wall Street.
Soon after, however, it met with strong resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 27,090.42, a minor fall of 21.79 points or 0.08%.
"Markets continued to move in a narrow range after witnessing high intraday volatility earlier during the day where key indices alternately swung between positive and negative zone," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
In previous two days, Sensex had flared up 619.70 points or 2.34%, which helped the Sensex on a weekly basis gain 29.37 points and register sixth straight week of rise.
Meanwhile, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE added 6.70 points, or 0.08%, to end at 8,121.45.
Country's largest software services exporters, TCS, was the top gainer from the Sensex pack with a rise of 2.71% after Moody's Investors Service upgraded ratings of half a dozen Tata Group firms.
Other Tata group companies like Tata Elxsi, Tata Global Services, Tata Investment Corp, Tata Metaliks, Tata Sponge, Tata Teleservices closed up between 2.21-13.58%.
Fall in the heavyweights like L&T, ONGC, RIL, SBI, HUL, M&M and Hero MotoCorp mainly weighed on sentiment.
However, some IT and pharma counters attracted good buying interest and restricted the fall.
Globally, Asian stocks closed higher between 0.04% and 1.58% following the US stocks ending strong after data showed fewer Americans filed for jobless claims lifting US benchmark indices to record highs.
European markets too were quoting firm in their late morning deals as Scotland voted to reject independence from the UK. The CAC (France) was up by 0.48%, the DAX (Germany) by 0.81% and the FTSE by 0.62%(UK).
Meanwhile, FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth Rs. 9.75 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data with stock exchanges.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "The ongoing crises in Ukraine and Gaza has been overlooked as recent better-than-expected data released from different countries has improved investor confidence in the stocks which has lead to a global rally."
In Sensex, Cipla gained over 1.2% after the firm announced that it has signed an agreement with US based Salix.
Overall, 13 Sensex scrips ended in the red while others concluded in the green. Major losers were L&T (2.51%), ONGC (2.26%), SBI (1.92%), HUL (1.73%), Hero Motocorp (1.57%), Tata Motors (1.26%), M&M (1.14%) and RIL (0.99%).
Besides Cipla, major Sensex gainers included Maruti 1.29%, HDFC 1.08% and Wipro 0.98%.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Capital Goods fell by 1.89% followed by Oil&Gas 1.22%, Realty 0.81% and Auto 0.70% while IT rose by 1.39%and Teck gained 1.13%.
Total market breadth was negative as 1,600 stocks closed in the red while 1,450 finished with gains.

Larry Ellison steps down as Oracle CEO after 37 yearsLarry Ellison steps down as Oracle CEO after 37 years
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 19, 2014
First Published: 13:23 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:58 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Oracle’s brash and colourful founder Larry Ellison announced on Thursday that he was stepping down as CEO, a position he held since he launched the company in 1977.
Mark Hurd and Safra Catz, his deputies, will take over as co-CEOs. Ellison will hang around — as executive chairman of the board and chief technology officer.
“The three of us have been working well together for the last several years, and we plan to continue working together for the foreseeable future,” Ellison said in a statement.
His departure is being seen as the passing of a generation of technology pioneers — Bill Hewitt and Dave Packard, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
The new arrangement at Oracle was not received kindly by the market, where company stocks dipped in after-hour trading, and experts saw the makings of trouble.
Ellison founded Oracle in 1977 to challenge International Business Machines’ (IBM) dominance of corporate databases. Among his earliest clients was the American spy agency, CIA.
Over the next 37 years, Ellison turned Oracle into the world’s largest database-software company and among the biggest providers of business programmes.
Along the way, he picked up a reputation for brash and brusque ways and friends such as Steve Jobs, who were often described to be as difficult as him.
He shared more than a few personality traits with Jobs — they were both given up for adoption by their biological mothers, and were brought up by adoptive parents.
And they both hated Microsoft.
Also, the Oracle founder is a very wealthy man — ranked fifth richest person in the world — and owns many lavish homes and an Island in Hawaii.

G20 Chases Growth Goal  Members Differ on How to Get ThereYou are here: Home Global Economy
As G20 Chases Growth Goal, Members Differ on How to Get There
Reuters | Updated On: September 20, 2014 13:01 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Cairns, Australia: As the Group of 20 leading economies meet to change no less than the "destiny" of the global economy, members remain divided on how to get there with Germany pushing back at US calls for more government stimulus.
Opening the meeting of finance ministers and central bankers, Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey outlined an ambitious agenda of boosting world growth, fireproofing the global banking system and closing tax loopholes for giant multi-nationals.
"We have the opportunity to change the destiny of the global economy," said Hockey, who back in February launched a campaign to add 2 percentage points to world growth by 2018 as part of Australia's presidency of the G20.
That goal has seemed ever more distant as members from China to Japan, Germany and Russia have all stumbled in recent months. Just this week, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) slashed its growth forecasts for most major economies.
A call from US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew for the euro zone and Japan to do more to boost demand and revive activity, signalling out Germany as having scope to do much more thanks to its burgeoning trade surplus, drew a cool response.
"We will not agree on short-sighted stimuli," a German G20 delegate said, arguing that in most countries debt was still too high to allow for increased spending.
Berlin has been under intense pressure to allow the euro zone to ease back on fiscal austerity and to stimulate its economy through more government spending or tax cuts.
Geopolitics a Thorn
The outlook for growth has not been helped by geopolitical tensions, from fighting in the Middle East to the strife between Russia and Ukraine.
Hockey said Australia, as the G20 host this year, had sought feedback from other G20 members on whether Russia should attend the meeting of leaders in Brisbane in November.
There had been calls from some quarters to block President Vladimir Putin from attending the summit given Russia's actions in Ukraine and the downing of airliner MH17.
The overwhelming consensus was that the door be left open to continue engagement with Russia, said Hockey.
Geopolitical tensions were also high on the agenda when financial policymakers of Japan, China and South Korea held their first trilateral meeting in more than two years in Cairns on Friday.
"We shared the view that we should strengthen our regional capabilities to manage financial and economic risks and respond to possible crisis," they said in a joint statement on Friday.
The meeting was the first since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe returned to power in 2012, after ties between Japan and its neighbours soured due to maritime territorial disputes and rows over the legacy of Japan's wartime aggression in Asia.
Tax cheaters
Also on the drawing board at the G20 are plans to stem the loss of revenue from multinationals shifting their profits to low-tax countries, potentially reclaiming billions of dollars.
Taxation arrangements of global companies such as Google Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have become a hot political topic following media and parliamentary investigations into how many companies reduce their bills.
The OECD has unveiled a series of measures that, if implemented by members, could stop companies from employing many commonly used practices to shift profits into low-tax centres.
Since countries began targeting cross-border loopholes five years ago, an additional 37 billion euros ($47.5 billion) in tax had been recovered, OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria said, adding that firms were estimated to be holding $2 trillion in low- or no-tax countries.
"The whole world needs to go after tax cheats," Hockey said about the measures, which he hopes will be adopted by at least 44 countries.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

MNCs only want to extend what they already have elsewhere‘MNCs only want to extend what they already have elsewhere’
Hindustan Times   September 20, 2014
First Published: 00:06 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:08 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
Rama Bijapurkar is a thought leader on Indian consumer and market strategies. She has been on boards of several companies. In an interview with HT, she shared her thoughts on wide range of issues from consumerism, the opportunities, advertising and reservation for women on boards. Excerpts: 
Indian as well as multi-national corporations are always bullish on the burgeoning middle class. But are you seeing the next billion consumers emerging?
I see a disconnect…From a market person and from a citizen, I am seeing a divergence and I think that’s a very important thing, because the top 20% India is a very nice market. Whichever way you look at it all the consumers and trillions of dollars that they are talking about are really based on the top sliver. I am enthusiastic about the top 20%, it is driving a lot of consumption.
I don’t think a lot of MNCs are going to bet below the top 20-30%. According to me the consumption journey in India is yet to begin because there are so many unfulfilled needs, which no one is interested in.  The MNCs are only interested in extending what they already have elsewhere. 
At one side, we see growing consumerism in small towns and villages, but as you say companies are focusing only on the top 20%...?
There is a mismatch between the entire opportunity offered by India and the opportunities that companies are taking. I think, India Inc is not serving all of India’s needs.
The dharma of business should be to add value to consumer and extract value from consumer. I am seeing the small companies serving the small consumer. That is why I say its a land of lilliputs. Can we have small companies to scale? That is where the whole financial inclusion will fit in.
There’s a huge talk of women’s empowerment, the new company’s act mandates at least one woman member on the company board…Most marketing campaigns still seem to portray women in a sense that she still has to be the homemaker. What is your take? 
The woman’s mindset has changed completely. The distance women have travelled is far more than men. I don’t think advertising is showing women in traditional roles. In fact, they way I see it, women are being shown as CEOs of households.
I feel sorry for the way men are portrayed while advertising. The woman is definitely on top in lot of the advertising. Have the men in society at large come to terms with the rise of women, the answer is no. That is why we are seeing a lot of gender wars happening.
Is reservation for women the way to go?
I am a supporter of reservations. Everyone assumes that when you have a quota, you dilute merit. I think if you have a quota, and if you hold the merit bar where you hold it, its just makes you work a little harder to find those women who actually exist, they are just not visible. Instead of second tier of men, I feel, why not settle for first tier of women. With reservation of women on boards, suddenly I am seeing a lot of talk of training women directors. But I have never seen talk of training men directors.

Walmart to extend online wholesale platform reach from October 1Sep 20, 2014 at  05:14pm IST
Walmart to extend online wholesale platform reach from October 1
0
0
New Delhi: Walmart India on Saturday said it will extend online wholesale platform to its members in Guntur and Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh from October 1.
The US-retail giant at present operates B2B e-commerce platform in two cities--Hyderabad and Lucknow-- in the country.
"Starting October 1, members of Best Price wholesale stores in Guntur and Vijayawada can shop and book orders online," the company said in a statement.
The US-retail giant at present operates B2B e-commerce platform in two cities--Hyderabad and Lucknow-- in the country.
#walmart #wholesale online #hyderabad
The e-commerce platform will provide the same range of products as its wholesale stores, including a select variety of fresh fruits and vegetables, it added.
"Given the tremendous support from our members for this initiative, we will continue to extend this (e-commerce portal) in a phased manner to our other stores as well," Walmart India President and Chief Executive Officer Krish Iyer said.
The platform, www.bestprice wholesale.co.in, is for registered members of Best Price Modern Wholesale stores.
At present, Walmart is engaged in cash-and-carry business in India. It called off a six-year partnership with Bharti Enterprises in October last year.
The US retail giant operates 20 wholesale stores under the brand 'Best Price' in India.
0

Trillion dollar question: Should govt create a framework for e-commerce sectorThe government should create a legal and financial framework to manage e-commerce rather than let the absence of laws hurt the fast-growing sector
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Arvind Singhal
Prime minister Narendra Modi recently remarked in Japan that India now speaks in trillions rather than in billions. There is at least one $1 trillion matter that he must direct his party and his bureaucrats to apply their minds too (and keep rhetoric and dogma aside while they do so).
India's current consumer spending on merchandise (and hence the size of India's retail market) is about $550 billion. By 2020, it will touch or exceed $1 trillion. There are many drivers for this strong growth that go beyond the overall economic growth of the nation. A young population, convergence in lifestyle aspirations across urban and rural India, rise of dual (or multiple) income households especially in urban India are some of the more wellknown growth drivers. However, there is also a new growth driver and one that could completely transform what India will buy, from where it will buy, and how it will buy. And that new growth driver is e-commerce and for merchandise, it is e-tail.
A Ticking Bomb
What started no more than 10 years ago as a new and more efficient platform to sell books and music has now gone way beyond the traditional merchandise categories that are sold online. There are now housing launches (Tata), new car launches (Mahindra), jewellery including expensive solitaires, and healthcare (DNA testing), to list a few creative experiments. With rapid increase in penetration of smartphones and the new government's renewed thrust on making broadband reach far and wide through its "Digital India" project, e-networks are expected to be the new bank branches, schools and colleges, and shopping and entertainment centres.
In this backdrop, taxation jurisdiction and taxation applicability issues such as the one that is currently vexing both the Karnataka tax authorities and Amazon are poised to flare up in just about every state in India, and create frequent obstacles not only for private businesses such as Amazon and Flipkart and many others but also the government's own initiatives that endeavour a digital platform aided delivery of goods and services. To be fair to the tax authorities both at the state and the Centre, the spectacular rise of e-commerce in India has taken just about everyone by surprise (other than the diehard e-business evangelists/entrepreneurs and the Indian consumer). Unlike the traditional supply chains of distributing goods and services from producers to the consumers, the e-business models and e-biz supply chains can be very different.
The so-called market place model is perhaps no different in concept than the classified advertisement listings in print media and Yellow Pages earlier, and the managed inventory models make some of the e-tail businesses look more like warehousing and delivery businesses rather than classical retail businesses. With this blurring of lines about ownership of merchandise, the location of physical stocking, the place where actual transaction takes place, and the actual point of delivery can rightfully be any tax administration's nightmare; and especially in a federal structure such as the one that we have in India where sharing of tax revenues on each taxable activity between states and the central governments has always been a vexing matter in the best of circumstances.
Page 1 of 2

Maharashtra polls: Why this election is important for Uddhav ThackerayBal Thackeray
(At the time of going to press,…)
That the Maharashtra assembly election on October 15 will be the first state poll the Shiv Sena fights after its founder Bal Thackeray's death in 2012, and solely under his son Uddhav's leadership, must be weighing heavily on the latter's mind.
Small wonder then Uddhav has been assertive like few thought he could be, and played hardball with the Shiv Sena's ally of 25 years, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on seat-sharing like never before. So much so the alliance has come precariously close to collapsing this week.
The upcoming election is the best chance for the 54-year-old to measure up to his charismatic and controversial father, and silence his critics both within the party and without, and he has left no stone unturned.
By standing up to a BJP chuffed by its emphatic victory in the general elections in April-May and humbled after its debacle in the by-polls, Uddh
av seems to be signalling to his detractors the Thackeray legacy is in safe hands.
But the real verdict on his leadership will be out on October 19, when the results of the election are announced.
"The Shiv Sena was born as a movement which converted into a political party, so victory or loss does not affect it, but a win in this election would be a huge morale-boost to our cadres," says party leader Bharatkumar Raut.
Strained Ties
While many chalk up the Shiv Sena's stellar performance in the Lok Sabha election — it won 18 out of the 20 seats it contested — to the overwhelming backing for Narendra Modi, Uddhav has stressed his party's role in the victory.
Last week he alluded to the BJP's unimpressive performance in Tamil Nadu and Odisha to illustrate the importance of allies. The BJP-led National Democratic Alliance, which the Shiv Sena is a part of, won 336 of the 543 Lok Sabha seats. The BJP won all but one of the 24 seats it contested in Maharashtra.
After the victory, the BJP started flexing its muscles, demanding the old seat-sharing agreement between the two parties be reworked and even laid claim to the chief minister's chair.
But on September 16, it received a jolt when it and its ally TDP won only 13 of the 33 assembly seats in by-polls in nine states, including in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat, where the party had done exceedingly well in the general elections. This only added to the BJP's worries as the party was still grappling with the death of its tallest state leader Gopinath Munde in a car accident this June.
As per the agreement between the two parties in 1989, the Shiv Sena would contest in 171 out of the 288 assembly seats in the state and the BJP in the rest, though there have been changes to it, and the BJP would get a larger share in the Lok Sabha elections.
Despite being the smaller party, the BJP has had a better strike rate than the Shiv Sena in every assembly election since 1990, and for the first time bagged more seats than the Shiv Sena in 2009.
"Since 1989, we have given the Shiv Sena six more Lok Sabha seats, but we have not got more assembly seats in return and we should," BJP leader Eknath Khadse told ET Magazine in June.
The BJP's impressive performance in the 2009 state polls coupled with the general election results this year emboldened the BJP to ask for as many seats as the Shiv Sena after accommodating their allies in the 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance) — Republican Party of India, Swabhimani Paksha, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Shivsangram, which are looking at 18 seats. Of the remaining 170, the Shiv Sena reportedly offered the BJP just 110 seats on Thursday, leaving 160 seats for itself, which the BJP turned down. Both the BJP and Shiv Sena on Friday said they wanted to continue the alliance.
  Talks Go On
Reports indicated that by late Friday the BJP made a fresh proposal, which gives it 130 seats and the Sena 140. On Saturday the Sena offered the BJP 117 seats while keeping 155 for itself, with the rest for the other allies, which is fewer than they asked for.
"There has been no break in our talks with the Shiv Sena. It has been a continuous process. We only expect that they show some flexibility over review of constituencies which they have not won in many elections," said Khadse on Friday.
A senior Shiv Sena leader calls BJP's demand for more seats legitimate. "We should have taken a relook at the old agreement, but it can't happen at the 11th hour," he notes, requesting anonymity.
Political analyst Nitin Birmal says the Shiv Sena is quite wary of the BJP given the latter's aggressive expansion across the country.
"In the long term, they will not be interested in keeping Shiv Sena as an ally, and regional parties know it is better to ally among themselves rather with the BJP unless they have a strong leader like Jayalalithaa," he adds.
BJP president Amit Shah and Uddhav indulged in much grandstanding through the week, but it seems to be in their interest to fight together, if an opinion poll conducted by ABP News and Nielsen is to be believed.

Google emulates Apple  says the new version of Android would also require users  approval to access devicesSep 21, 2014 at 11:59am IST
Google emulates Apple, says the new version of Android would also require users' approval to access devices
32
1
San Francisco: Google has announced that a new version of its operating system for mobile phones and Android tablets will prevent company access to devices without owner consent, similar to the measure taken by Apple for its new iOS system in iPhone and iPad.
The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal Thursday reported that the new Android would carry an encryption system to prevent the company, as well as potential thieves or the authorities, from unlocking mobile devices if they did not have the correct password.
The improvement in security prevents the company and the government from accessing information stored in user devices operating with Android, such as photographs, e-mails, contacts, call records, messages, written notes and multimedia content.
The improvement in security prevents the company and the government from accessing information stored in user devices running Android.
#google #android #apple #ios 8
The measure taken by Google, similar to the one Apple announced Thursday, is part of an effort by the technology companies to respond to those accusing them of having collaborated too easily with the US government and the National Security Agency when they were asked for user data.
So far, phones and devices operating with Android offered this encryption feature only as an option so there were very few users who knew how to activate it.
In the new operating systems, to be marketed in October, the measure will become enabled by default.
With a share of more than 75 percent of the global smartphone market, Android is the most widely used operating system worldwide.
20

New Android One phones may hit market by Dec...The first set of Android One devices were launched last week, priced Rs 6,399 onwards by Micromax, Karbonn and Spice.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Enthused by the initial response to Google's Android One, handset makers Karbonn, Spice and Intex are gearing up for round two with a slew of smartphone launches beginning December this year.
The first set of Android One devices were launched last week, priced Rs 6,399 onwards by Micromax , Karbonn and Spice.
Karbonn is expected to be among the first ones to launch newer Android One devices in the country.
"Smartphone penetration in India still remains low and we believe there is still a huge scope...We will look at bringing in a device by December-end," Karbonn Mobiles Executive Director Shashin Devsare said.
India is the first country where the US-based firm's Android One devices have been launched.
Similarly, Spice is also looking at unveiling its second Android One smartphone in the January-March quarter of next year, its Chairman and Group CEO Dilip Modi said.
"Our intent is to offer consumers a wide variety of products packed with features across various price points. We already have one of the most affordable smartphones with Firefox and we will continue to bring affordable devices to the market," he added.
Google is rolling out the programme, which aims to bring affordable smartphone to the masses, across other markets like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will follow in the coming months.
It has also included new partners including Acer, Alcatal OneTouch, HTC, Asus and Lenovo, along with Indian brands like Xolo, Lava and Intex to bring in devices with various specifications across price points.
By associating with Google as part of the Android one ecosystem, Intex will offer customers an enhanced experience, something unique in terms of design, pricing and functionality, Intex Business Head (Mobile) Sanjay Kalirona said.
"We are actively working on bringing out the device to the market. It takes about 3-4 months for any final product to be made available in the market," Kalirona said but declined to comment on when the device would hit the market.
However, sources said Intex could unveil its device by January next year.
Analysts feel Android One will lead a fiercer competition in the mid-range smartphone market with firms offering better experience at price points in the range of Rs 6,000-10,000.
While the initial launch of the Android One handsets was done in partnership with eCommerce firms Snapdeal , Amazon and Flipkart , the handset makers would sell them through brick and mortar stores as well, which will further fuel competition.
According to research firm IDC , Micromax, Karbonn and Lava (top 5 vendors among total shipment as well as smartphone sales) together accounted for over 30 per cent of the market (in both cases).

PM Modi greets his Japanese counterpart Abe on his birthdaySep 21, 2014 at 12:31pm IST
PM Modi greets his Japanese counterpart Abe on his birthday
6
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday wished his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe on his birthday and said that both of them are committed to taking India-Japan ties to the next level.
"Wishing Shinzo Abe a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health and wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress," the Prime Minister tweeted.
Recalling his interactions with the Japanese Prime Minister, Modi said, "Whenever I interact with Shinzo Abe, I cannot but marvel at his insight and expertise on a wide range of issues, both local and international."
"Wishing Shinzo Abe a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health and wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress," Modi tweeted.
#narendra modi #shinzo abe #japan #shinzo abe birthday
"Both PM Shinzo Abe & I are committed to taking India-Japan relations to the next level and contributing to global peace & development," he said.
Modi, who turned 64 on September 17, had received a call from Abe who wished him on his birthday, in a reflection of the special bonding the two Prime Ministers enjoy.
The Prime Minister visited Japan only in the beginning of this month and the warmth between the two leaders was at display during that time.
Separately, Modi also congratulated New Zealand Prime Minister John Key and his National Party for winning the general election held on Saturday.
Wishing @AbeShinzo a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health & wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
Whenever I interact with @AbeShinzo , I cannot but marvel at his insight & expertise on a wide range of issues, both local & international.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
Both PM @AbeShinzo & I are committed to taking India-Japan relations to the next level & contributing to global peace & development.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
2

Congress might go alone in the Maharashtra Assembly elections  says Majeed MemonTMC MP arrested: Can Mamata survive the Saradha scam?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Court acquits inmate in Tihar assault caseSep 21, 2014 at 12:56pm IST
Court acquits inmate in Tihar assault case
5
0
New Delhi:  A Delhi court has acquitted a Tihar Jail inmate for grievously injuring a fellow prisoner during a fight over a cell phone as the victim turned hostile.
The court freed Jagdev while co-accused Gajinder Singh was declared proclaimed offender in the case.
"In the instant case, as per the complaint, the complainant was beaten black and blue by the accused persons Jagdev and Gajinder Singh but when the complainant came to the witness box to depose, he did not depose even a single word against the accused," Metropolitan Magistrate Dhirendra Rana said.
A Delhi court has acquitted a Tihar Jail inmate for grievously injuring a fellow prisoner during a fight over a cell phone.
#tihar jail #tihar assault case #inmate #metropolitan magistrate
Declaring the complainant hostile, the court said he has specifically deposed in his cross-examination that accused Jagdev alias Jagga was not involved in the alleged incident.
"In view of the aforesaid facts and circumstances of the present case and evidence brought on record, I hold that the prosecution failed in proving the offence under Section 325/34 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt with common intention) of the IPC against the accused beyond reasonable doubt. Accused is accordingly acquitted for the offences," the magistrate said.
According to the prosecution, complainant Dharam was lodged in Tihar Jail in connection with a case registered at Binda Pur Police Station.
On December 17, 2012 around 11 AM, Dharam had snatched the mobile phone from Gajinder, another inmate of his ward in the jail. Around 3 PM, when the ward was opened, he was beaten up by Gajender along with Jagdev and other inmates with iron pipes and sticks.
During the clash, Dharam suffered grievous injuries and his left leg got fractured and was taken to hospital for treatment.
A case was filed by Delhi Police head constable Raj Singh on the complaint of Dharam against Gajinder and Jagdev under sections 325 and 34 of the IPC.
1

A new smartphone app that detects text and reads it aloud for visually impaired peopleSep 21, 2014 at 12:16pm IST
A new smartphone app that detects text and reads it aloud for visually impaired people
43
2
San Francisco: Jonathan Mosen, who has been blind since birth, spent his evening snapping photos of packages in the mail, his son's school report and labels on bottles in the fridge. In seconds, he was listening to audio of the printed words the camera captured, courtesy of a new app on his Apple Inc iPhone.
"I couldn't believe how accurate it was," said Mosen, an assistive technology consultant from New Zealand.
The new app that allows blind people to listen to an audio readback of printed text is receiving rave reviews after its first day of availability and is being heralded as a life-changer by many people.
Blind people say the KNFB Reader app will enable a new level of engagement in everyday life, from reading menus in restaurants to browsing handouts in the classroom.
#knfb reader #mobile app #smartphone app #apps for blind
Blind people say the KNFB Reader app will enable a new level of engagement in everyday life, from reading menus in restaurants to browsing handouts in the classroom.
The $99 app is the result of a four decades-long relationship between the National Federation of the Blind and Ray Kurzweil, a well-known artificial-intelligence scientist and senior Google employee. According to its website, K-NFB Reading Technology Inc and Sensotec NV, a Belgium-based company, led the technical development of the app.
Kurzweil, who demonstrated the app on stage at the NFB's annual convention in June, said it can replace a "sighted adviser".
Taking advantage of new pattern recognition and image-processing technology as well as new smartphone hardware, the app allows users to adjust or tilt the camera, and reads printed materials out loud. People with refreshable Braille displays can now snap pictures of print documents and display them in Braille near-instantaneously, said NFB spokesman Chris Danielsen.
The app has already given some people greater independence, users said on Thursday and Friday on social-media sites such as Twitter. One early adopter, Gordon Luke, tweeted that he was able to use the app to read his polling card for the Scottish Referendum.
The app will be available on Android in the coming months, Kurzweil told Reuters in an interview. He may also explore a version of the app for Google Glass, a postage stamp-sized computer screen that attaches to eyeglass frames and is capable of taking photos, recording video and playing sound.
"Google Glass makes sense because you direct the camera with your head," Kurzweil said.
Kurzweil started working on so-called "reading machines" in the early 1970s after chatting on a plane with a blind person who voiced frustrations with the lack of optical-recognition technology on the market.
A few years later, "Kurzweil burst into the National Federation of the Blind's offices in Washington, DC, and said he had invented a reading machine," recalled Jim Gashel, a former NFB employee who currently heads business development at KNFB Reader. "It was phenomenal."
Kurzweil's first reading machine was the size of a washing machine and cost $50,000. The technology has continued to improve over the past few decades - the new smartphone app can recognize and translate print between different languages and scan PowerPoint slides up to 25 feet (7.6 meters) away - but it was not available on a mainstream mobile device until now.
Previously, it cost more than $1,000 to use the software with a Nokia cell phone and a camera.
The app's release comes at a time when the technology industry has faced criticism for being too focused on making what some deem frivolous products such as apps for sharing photos and video games, as well as for intruding into people's personal privacy.
In San Francisco, activists have blocked commuter buses operated by companies such as Google and Apple, and picketed the homes of some tech company executives for driving up the cost of living and not doing enough to help fix the city's problems.
San Francisco-based Bryan Bashin, executive director of the non-profit Lighthouse for the Blind and Visually Impaired, said the KNFB app shows the positive and profound impact that technology can have.
"There are innumerable times in life that I'll have a bit of print and there will be nobody around who can help me out, and I'll just want to know something as simple as 'Is this packet decaf or caffeinated coffee?'" Bashin said.
"The ability to do this easily with something that fits in your pocket at lightning speed will certainly be a game changer."
62

The Bilawal playlist: Must-see videos of Pakistan rising sonPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:47 pm
With the recent controversy around Bilawal Bhutto’s Kashmir comment, Indian Express compiles a short playlist for you.
 

PM Narendra Modi tweets bithday wishes to Japanese counterpart Shinzo AbePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:43 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday wished his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe on his birthday and said that both of them are committed to taking India-Japan ties to the next level.
“Wishing @AbeShinzo a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health & wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Wishing @AbeShinzo a Happy Birthday! I pray for his long life, good health & wish him the best in leading Japan to new heights of progress.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
Recalling his interactions with the Japanese Prime Minister, Modi said, “Whenever I interact with @AbeShinzo, I cannot but marvel at his insight & expertise on a wide range of issues, both local & international.” “Both PM @AbeShinzo & I are committed to taking India-Japan relations to the next level & contributing to global peace & development,” he said.
Both PM @AbeShinzo & I are committed to taking India-Japan relations to the next level & contributing to global peace & development.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 21, 2014
Modi, who turned 64 on September 17, had received a call from Abe who wished him on his birthday, in a reflection of the special bonding the two Prime Ministers enjoy.
The Prime Minister visited Japan only in the beginning of this month and the warmth between the two leaders was at display during that time.
Separately, Modi also congratulated New Zealand Prime Minister John Key and his National Party for winning the general election held yesterday.
“Congratulations to @johnkeypm & the NZ National Party for the victory in the General Election,” Modi tweeted.
Congratulations to @johnkeypm & the NZ National Party for the victory in the General Election.

Flying high: India country of honour at French kite festivalComments
Giant whales and octopuses floated serenely over the wide pebbled beach in Dieppe, Normandy. The blue-green Atlantic sea, flanked by sheer white cliffs on one side and a port on the other, made a beautiful setting for Le Festival International de Cerf-Volant de Dieppe, or the International Dieppe Kite Festival. India was the country of honour this year along with Indonesia, another kite flying country. There were hundreds of kites in the sky, ranging from creative and combat categories to luminous ones, flying in competition held at night. This international bi-annual festival spread over nine days started small in the 1980s. It has now become one of the biggest kite-flying events in the world and draws participants from 35 countries and more than half a million visitors. 
  
Jataayu being prepared for a flight. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Kites on the Dieppe beach during the festival. (Photo: Dieppe Kite Capital)
India's 'Pushpak Vimaan' in the air  (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Bamboo and parachute fabric in applique work of Indian kites (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Abdul Shakur from Mumbai with his hand-made combat kites participates in the biggest kite festival in France, Le Festival International de Cerf-Volant de Dieppe. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Sarvesh Rao, on extreme right, and Team Mangalore members preparing 'Vibhishana' for flight. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Ashghar Belim of Jodhpur holds up a kite with his wife's embroidery work. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
'Durga' designed by Dinesh Holla is flown by Team Mangalore. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
'Jataayu' soars high in the sky. All the big kites have been designed by Dinesh Holla for Team Mangalore. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Hundreds of kites waiting to fly over the Dieppe beach in Normandy. (Photo source: Dieppe Kite Capital)
The Indian kites, though, stood out from the rest with their marked traditional appearance. Team Mangalore, a hobby group representing India, flew most of the big non-combat Indian kites. The group holds the record in the Limca Book for the largest Indian kite, Kathakali, which is 36 feet high and 10 feet wide. “As a guest-of-honour country, we led the opening parade here and got a big tent. The festival sponsored our flights, food and stay,” says Shashank Shetty, an event manager and member of the India team. “We know that visitors were expecting more shows from India here. But because of the lack of Indian sponsors and government funds, we couldn’t bring a bigger team and more kites. Five of us packed 15 big kites in our luggage because we didn’t have money for excess baggage. We’ve been wearing practically the same clothes every day!”
Shetty soon got busy with Satish Rao, a trekker and animation expert from his team, preparing the kites for their afternoon show. Vibhishana, the 32-metre-high kite took four people to manoeuvre, though the afternoon breeze was around the ideal 8 km per hour. Team India drew curious onlookers. Unlike the factory-made kites that most Europeans were flying, the Indian kites were painstakingly handmade with tiny bits of coloured parachute material stitched to bamboo spars. While the other factory-made kites were tied to sand bags like balloons and left unattended, the Indian kites needed constant surveillance.
Traditional Indian combat kites were also on display at a separate stall where delicious cutting chai was being served as a conversation starter. The single sachets on sale were a bit steep at 2 Euros per piece but were quite a hit among connoisseurs of masala chai. Those unfamiliar with India’s kite culture learnt from the festival handbook that the word gurdhi meaning ‘kite’ was first used in a song by the composer Santnambe in 1300 AD. The poet Manzan used the word patang in 1542 AD, and  Nawab Asaf-ud-Daula Bahadur was holding patangbazee — competitions where pench ladana or combat kite flying was popular — in 1775.

Seat-sharing row: Uddhav rolls out new offer  says it s  last effort  to save Sena-BJP allianceComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra on Monday rejected ally Shiv Sena's 'final' offer of 119 seats, thus worsening the crisis in the saffron alliance.
BJP president Amit Shah called up Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and urged him not to break the 25-year old alliance, TV reports said. Shah also requested the Sena to rethink on seat sharing for the 288-member assembly polls.
This comes amid indications that the BJP  is readying a Plan B with state leaders telling Prime Minister Narendra Modi that they would rather go it alone than accept this.
Modi is now expected to attempt a reconciliation. In New Delhi, the BJP’s top brass took stock of the seat sharing talks, but kept its cards close to its chest.
After a meeting of its parliamentary board, Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah had a separate 10-minute-long meeting. The party remain tight-lipped about it.
The Sena has given the BJP a breather saying it would wait till Monday. The last date for filing nominations is September 27.
“Modi may not immediately sanction an extreme step and could try and convince the Sena chief,” said a BJP leader close to the developments.
For over a fortnight, the saffron combine has been squabbling over the formula for sharing the 288 assembly seats going to polls on October 15.
Earlier in the day, Thackeray speaking at his party’s national executive meeting in Mumbai, told a cheering crowd of Sainiks to prepare to go solo if the talks did not fructify.
In what his partymen saw as his best-ever public speech, Thackeray said his formula  -- of 151 seats for the Sena, 119 for the BJP and 18 for smaller allies --  was his last-ditch effort to save the alliance.
HT Analysis: Uddhav wary of BJP’s Maha ambitions
The BJP responded within the hour. “We fought 119 seats in 2009, even now they are offering us 119. How is this justified,” asked senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse. Talking in New Delhi, he said the two parties should reshuffle the 59 seats the Sena has not won in the past three elections and 19 the BJP had not won and then arrive at a figure.
“Also, these talks cannot take place through television. We need to sit face-to-face,” Khadse added, saying the BJP was still open to talks, putting the ball back into the Sena’s court. BJP insiders said the party had readied a list of 130 candidates and was waiting for word from the top leaders to release it.
In his speech, Thackeray criticised the present batch of BJP leaders reminding them of how the alliance, formed by LK Advani, Atal Behari Vajpayee, and Pramod Mahajan with the late Bal Thackeray, came together not for power but for Hindutva.
“We had differences of opinion with Mahajan and [Gopinath] Munde too. But our relationship never got strained like it has happened now. We both knew how much to stretch,” he said. He reminded Modi that the Shiv Sena stood by him during the riots in Gujarat.
He also warned the BJP against creating hurdles when a golden opportunity to win the state elections has arisen, just as they kept to the alliance dharma during the Lok Sabha polls.
The Sena chief did not hide his chief ministerial ambitions either. “If you are looking down on the Shiv Sena, then our sainiks are ready to fight back. Get ready to face consequences…. I promise to capture power in Maharashtra at any cost,” Thackeray said.
The state BJP  is bent on teaching the Sena a lesson, but the party’s central leadership thinks a break-up could mar the BJP’s credibility among other allies.
“Any decision needs to be taken with some solid foresight. No doubt that the Sena has us in a catch-22 position, but then we need to find a solution that will go a long away,” said a BJP leader.
While a decision to split has not yet been finalised, the break-up of this long-time friendship is sure to change the political map of Maharashtra for years to come.

Maharashtra elections: Shiv Sena keeps 151 seats for itself  offers 119 to BJP  other allies 1835
0
Mumbai: After weeks of negotiations and discussion, the Shiv Sena on Sunday made a new seat-sharing offer to its 25-year-old ally Bharatiya Janata Party for the Maharashtra Assembly elections. Sena said that they were willing to give BJP 119 seats and other allies 18 seats, leaving them with 151 out of 288 seats.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said, "We can give BJP 119 seats to the BJP and 18 to other smaller parties. BJP's OP Mathur was trying to negotiate on seats. I reminded them they are not givers but takers on this land. We are making a last attempt to save the alliance. Regardless of whether alliance stays or not, we will fight everywhere. Victory will be ours."
The new offer also showed that the Sena kept up its demand of contesting on at least 150 seats.
#maharashtra polls #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #shiv sena
Sena also put pressure on the BJP by calling a meeting at 3 PM to decide candidates for elections. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said he was doing his best to save the alliance and also threatened to break the alliance if the BJP remains adamant.
He added, "We want power and we will get it. There is tension in the alliance and people want to know what is happening. You all have reposed your faith in me and I will take a decision keeping everything in mind. During the Lok Sabha elections, Gopinath Munde never spoke about seats. I have already decided and will announce my decision soon. Balasaheb's dream will be fulfilled. "
Uddhav has also reminded Prime Minister Narendra Modi that it was Sena's Bal Thackeray who backed him after the Godhra riots.
Making an emotional pitch, Thackeray said, "The BJP-Sena alliance is not about seats. It is about the Hindutva ideology. BJP and Sena have been united over that ideology. There was a time when people wanted to remove Narendra Modi. LK Advani had consulted Balasaheb. It was Balasaheb who said that if you remove Modi, Gujarat will be finished."
Meanwhile, Maharashtra BJP leaders Nitin Gadkari and others are also meeting party President Amit Shah in Delhi.
3

Jammu floods to have  minimal  impact on LIC  says its ChairmanSep 21, 2014 at 01:30pm IST
Jammu floods to have 'minimal' impact on LIC, says its Chairman
2
0
Mumbai: Life Insurance Corporation, which has nearly 13 lakh customers in flood-ravaged Jammu & Kashmir, has said the financial impact of the massive tragedy would be "very minimal" on the company.
"Financial impact due to the massive floods in Kashmir this month will be very nominal for us. Even after the massive devastation caused by Uttarakhand landslides last year, the financial implication on us was very small, at under Rs 7 crore from 435 claims, while in Kashmir the loss of lives is lower at less than 300," LIC Chairman Surya Kumar Roy said during an interaction here, without attributing a number to it, adding that so far no claims have been made.
Roy said that LIC has 12.7 lakh policyholders in the flood-ravaged state, making it the largest player.
LIC which has nearly 13 lakh customers in J&K, has said the financial impact of the massive tragedy would be "very minimal" on the company.
#life insurance corporation #financial impact #jammu nad kashmir floods #psu
"With an insurance density of only 4 per cent, if we calculate loss of lives from the floods at 300, this works out to be merely 12 claims. Our assured sum in the state is Rs 16,435 crore as of last fiscal, out of our total 12.7 lakh policyholders," Roy said.
After the worst landslide in Uttarakhand last year, in which hundreds of people were killed, LIC received only 435 claims worth Rs 6.8 crore (assured sum), Roy said, adding that out these 435 claims, as many as 98 per cent were from outside the affected state.
Answering a question if the LIC would once again be forced to bail out massive disinvestment plans of the government beginning next week, Roy, who took charge on July 1, 2013, said that the impression about his company being forced to pick up stakes in government companies is baseless.
"Tell me, is there a single PSU, in which we lost money," he said, adding, "Most of the investments have given us good returns, to the tune of over 40 per cent and in some cases even more than double".
0

Exodus of migrant workers to hit reconstruction work in the valleySep 21, 2014 at 01:19pm IST
Exodus of migrant workers to hit reconstruction work in the valley
6
0
Srinagar: The work of reconstruction in the flood-ravaged Kashmir could get delayed by at least six months due to the mass exodus of migrant labour force in the wake of the natural calamity that hit the valley causing huge damage to infrastructure both public as well as private.
Even the cleaning up of Srinagar city, which was heavily dependent on the migrant labourers for labour intensive works, will take longer than expected.
Although some migrant labourers are staying put in the valley, most of them commonly referred to as 'Bihari' labourers irrespective of which state they hail from left Kashmir soon after flood waters started rose.
Exodus of migrant labour force hit the valley causing huge damage to infrastructure both public as well as private.
They took advantage of free air tickets announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for those leaving the valley on board the Indian Air Force planes bringing in relief material.
Thousands more left soon after the Srinagar-Jammu National Highway was made operational early in the week.
"It is difficult to find a labourer these days. It seems that all of them have vanished into thin air," Bashir Ahmad Dar, who needed a mason to carry out repairs in his house at Rambagh, said.
Before the flood hit Kashmir, the migrant labourers would assemble at designated places like Rambagh, Chanapora, Hyderpora, Hawal and Hari Singh High Street to wait for someone to hire their services.
The scene today at some of these places is totally different as many prospective employers are finding it hard to get some one to do the labour work for them.
"I have visited Rambagh, Hyderpora and Natipora sites but could not find even one labourer," Tanveer Ahmad Bhat said.
While most of the crops including horticulture produce has been damaged due to the floods already, people involved in infrastructure development fear that exodus of the migrant labourers will affect completion of many ongoing projects.
7

Uddhav makes final offer  reminds Modi how Bal Thackeray backed him post Gujarat riotsUddhav's final offer: 151 for Sena, 119 for BJP and 18 seats for allies. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 21, 2014 2:43 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 4:48 pm
Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray offered a new solution which he described as the “the last formula” to break the seat sharing deadlock with the BJP. Thackeray has offered to contest 151 seats giving the BJP 119 and  leaving 18 seats for the allies. In an indication to the BJP on who is the  boss in the state, Thackeray asked the BJP to concentrate on governing the  country and leave the governance of Maharashtra to it.
“Today I am making a final attempt to ensure that our alliance stays  intact. Sena had initially asked for 160 seats. But now we are ready to part with nine seats. Shiv Sena will fight on 151 seats, leaving 119 seats for BJP. The remaining 18 seats will be given to our allies,” Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray said while addressing a meeting of party office bearers in Mumbai.
Thackeray further stated that the Sena was ready to sacrifice the nine seats in the interest of the state but warned that it would not relent any further claiming that this was the last offer by the Sena. “We will be unhappy if the alliance breaks. But this is a battle of our existence irrespective of whether the alliance lasts or not,” Thackeray said.
Thackeray also hinted that the Sena would claim the lions share in case the alliance came into power. “During the Lok Sabha polls, our alliance partners had told us that ‘do not create problems as the BJP government is coming to power at the Center’. I agreed then. Now don’t create problems in Maharashtra for us,” Thackeray said.
In response to Uddhav’s offer, BJP said there is nothing new in Shiv Sena’s proposal , and asked the party to sort out seat-sharing issue through discussion and not through media.
We want the alliance to continue. It is the duty of both parties to maintain the alliance, BJP said.
The Shiv Sena chief also reminded the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi how it stood behind its alliance partner in the wake of the 2002 Gujarat riots.
“Everyone knows how terrible the situation was when the Godhra riots took place. Everyone was saying that Modi should be immediately removed from the Gujarat CM’s post. At that time, it was only Balasaheb who told LK Advani that Modi should stay on as he pursues the Hindutva ideology,” he said.
He also claimed that the alliance with BJP was on the issue of Hindutva and not meant to grab power. “Maharashtra will be the number one state in the country if Sena comes to power. I want power and I will take it at any cost. But this power is to give Maharashtra something and not to take away, like other parties do,” he said.
Balasaheb told L K Advani that Modi should stay on as he pursues the Hindutva ideology

Cambridge says alumnus Manmohan Singh has standing invitePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 2:18 pm
Eager to host its “famous and valued alumnus” Manmohan Singh, Cambridge University has said it has a standing invite for the former Prime Minister of India and it would love to see him on the campus.
Singh, a well known economist, studied economics at St John’s College, Cambridge. He passed Economics Tripos (First Class Honours) from Cambridge University.
Describing Singh as a “famous and valued alumnus”, Cambridge University Vice Chancellor Leszek Borysiewicz said, “We are always delighted whenever he has the time to come to Cambridge”.
“Singh knows us extremely well and I know that his college, St John’s College, is very keen for him to visit us. I am very keen for him to visit Cambridge.
“There has been a standing invitation and there continues to be a standing invitation. We would love to see him,” Borysiewicz said in an interview during his visit here.
On whether any formal proposal has been made to Singh in this regard, the Vice Chancellor said there is always a standing invite “from me anytime to visit Cambridge”
“That is something that is open to him and he knows that. I haven’t troubled him because this is a turbulent time with changeovers in the government and I look forward to hear from him when he is ready,” Borysiewicz said.
Singh, who had a brilliant academic and administrative career, served as Prime Minister from 2004 to 2014. He is also credited with kick-starting India’s economic reforms way back in 1990s.

Islamic bonds  sukuk goes mainstream© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0461db74-3502-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Whatever You Do  Don t Put iOS 8 On Your 4Sreddit
If you use an iPhone 4S, do NOT update it with iOS 8.
Apple says you can load your 4S with iOS 8, the new mobile operating system Apple released on Wednesday. But you really shouldn't.
iOS 8 was not made for us 4S users. It was designed for bigger screens than the 4S has. And that's the least of our worries. Ars Technica did some experimenting and found that iOS 8 slows the 4S down significantly. It takes an iPhone 4S 2.16 seconds to launch Safari in iOS 8, vs. 1.25 seconds in iOS 7.1.2. Launching the calendar takes 1.25 seconds with iOS 8 instead of 0.8 seconds in 7.1.2. Not cool.
I downloaded iOS 8 on my iPhone 4S (for science), and I can say from personal experience that it is murdering my battery. On Wednesday night my iPhone completely died from lack of battery life for the first time in years. I was using a battery case and charging it intermittently throughout the day, but it still didn't last from 7 A.M. to midnight.
If you have a 4S you're probably eligible for an upgrade pretty soon. Our advice is to just hold out until your contract is over and then get a new phone. Be patient.
More:

Massive Andromeda galaxy will eat the Milky WayMassive Andromeda galaxy will eat the Milky Way
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Sept 19:  
Massive galaxies in the Universe have stopped making their own stars and are instead snacking on nearby galaxies, according to new research.
Astronomers looked at more than 22,000 galaxies and found that while smaller galaxies are very efficient at creating stars from gas, the most massive galaxies are much less efficient at star formation, producing hardly any new stars themselves, and instead grow by eating other galaxies.
Dr Aaron Robotham, who is based at the University of Western Australia node of the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research (ICRAR), said smaller ‘dwarf’ galaxies were being eaten by their larger counterparts.
“All galaxies start off small and grow by collecting gas and quite efficiently turning it into stars. Then every now and then they get completely cannibalised by some much larger galaxy,” he said.
Robotham, who led the research, said our own Milky Way is at a tipping point and is expected to now grow mainly by eating smaller galaxies, rather than by collecting gas.
“The Milky Way hasn’t merged with another large galaxy for a long time but you can still see remnants of all the old galaxies we’ve cannibalised,” he said.
“We’re also going to eat two nearby dwarf galaxies, the Large and Small Magellanic Clouds, in about four billion years,” he said.
But Robotham said the Milky Way is eventually going to get its comeuppance when it merges with the nearby Andromeda Galaxy in about five billion years. “Technically, Andromeda will eat us because it’s the more massive one,” he said.
Almost all of the data for the research was collected with the Anglo-Australian Telescope in New South Wales as part of the Galaxy And Mass Assembly (GAMA) survey, which is led by Professor Simon Driver at ICRAR.
Robotham said as galaxies grow, they have a stronger gravitational field and can therefore more easily pull in their neighbours.
He said the reason star formation slows down in really massive galaxies is thought to be because of extreme feedback events in a very bright region at the centre of a galaxy known as an active galactic nucleus.
“The topic is much debated, but a popular mechanism is where the active galactic nucleus basically cooks the gas and prevents it from cooling down to form stars,” Robotham said.
Ultimately, gravity is expected to cause all the galaxies in bound groups and clusters to merge into a few super-giant galaxies, although we will have to wait many billions of years, before that happens, researchers said.
The finding was published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Govt may borrow Rs 2.48 L-cr in second half of FY15Govt may borrow Rs 2.48 L-cr in second half of FY15
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The central government borrowing in the second of this financial year (October 1-March 31) is seen at Rs 2.48 lakh-crore, in line with the market’s expectations.
The government was scheduled to borrow Rs 2.32 lakh crore in the second half but that in the first half was trimmed by Rs 16,000 crore. The year's scheduled total was kept unchanged.
“The cancelled amount during the first half will be part of the auction calendar. Whether the government will borrow that amount during the year or not is a different issue,” said Suyash Choudhary, head, fixed income, IDFC Mutual Fund.
He said the impact on bond yields would not be much because the market is aligned to the view that this borrowing was to be done in the second half.
The first half borrowing was trimmed after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) transferred a surplus amounting to Rs 52,679 crore for the year ended June to the government. It was the highest ever given, 60 per cent more than what was transferred the previous year. A welcome gift for the government, battling to keep its fiscal deficit under check. The deficit for the current financial year has been pegged at 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP).
The yield on the 10-year benchmark government bond ended at 8.46 per cent on Friday, compared with Thursday's close of 8.45 per cent. “If the borrowing quantum is cut, then only bond yields will fall. In the near term, bond yields might not fall below 8.40 per cent unless there is a big trigger,” said Balginder Singh, a government bond dealer at Andhra Bank.
The total borrowing requirement in 2014-15 had been budgeted at Rs 6 lakh crore or 4.7 per cent of GDP. The net market borrowing of Rs 4.61 lakh crore had been budgeted to finance 86.8 per cent of the fiscal deficit.
The Street does not expect inflation-indexed bonds to be a part of the government borrowing in the second half. These were launched in 2013-14 and were a part of the borrowing programme. “Bonds indexed to inflation in the Wholesale Price Index are out of fashion since RBI moved to Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation as the benchmark. CPI inflation-linked bonds might be issued or not but we are not expecting it as a part of the borrowing calendar,” said R Sivakumar, head of fixed income and products, Axis MF.
These bonds had not got a good response and the Street believes these might be launched later after making changes in the product.

What Science Says About Using Physical Force To Punish A Childreddit
Following the news that Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson reportedly used a tree branch to hit his 4-year-old son (and the later accusation that he injured another 4-year-old son), the acceptability of physical punishment has been a topic of national conversations.
Some Internet commenters and even other athletes have defended Peterson -- many arguing, "I was spanked and I turned out OK!" Others admit they're in support of spanking, but recognize Peterson's behavior as abuse.
A poll conducted by The Huffington Post and YouGov found that 81 percent of 1,000 adults polled believe spanking with a hand should be legal, and almost half think it's an effective form of punishment.
Indeed, whether the respondents' own parents used corporal punishment made a big difference in their views about the legality of spanking. Eighty-eight percent of those whose parents used corporal punishment, but only 69 percent of those whose parents did not, said spanking with the hand should be legal. Peterson has justified his behavior by saying he believes he is successful because of the way his parents disciplined him.
However, there is overwhelming evidence that physical punishment is both ineffective and harmful to child development. Former HuffPost Senior Columnist Lisa Belkin has argued that the word "debate" should be left out of the spanking conversation, because the science against it is so clearly one-sided.
"There aren't two sides. There is a preponderance of fact, and there are people who find it inconvenient to accept those facts," Belkin wrote in a 2012 column .
Psychologist Elizabeth Thompson Gershoff has spearheaded multiple studies on the topic, all of which have supported her 2002 conclusion that it has vast negative effects. At the time, Gershoff had analyzed more than 80 studies and found there was a "strong correlation" between corporal punishment and negative behaviors (including increased aggression and antisocial behavior).
Here's a breakdown of what science has to say:
Physical punishment makes kids more aggressive.
Researchers from Tulane University found that children who are spanked frequently at age 3 are more likely to show aggressive behavior by the time they're 5 than kids who are not.
Physical punishment doesn't actually work (even if it appears to).
Yes, spanking may stop problematic behavior, says Sandra Graham-Bermann, Ph.D. , a psychology professor and principal investigator for the Child Violence and Trauma Laboratory at the University of Michigan, but that's because the child is afraid. In the long term, physical punishment will only make kids' behavior worse.
Reporting on several studies on the topic for CNN, Sarah Kovac wrote , "The sad irony is that the more you physically punish your kids for their lack of self-control, the less they have. They learn how to be controlled by external forces (parents, teachers, bosses), but when the boss isn't looking, then what?"
Physical punishment encourages kids to continue the cycle of abuse.
A 2011 study published in Child Abuse and Neglect confirmed that physical punishment is cyclical -- children who are hit are more likely to use the action to solve problems with their peers and siblings.
Later on, they're at a higher risk for delinquency and criminal behavior, according to a 2013 article, " Spanking and Child Development: We Know Enough Now to Stop Hitting Our Children ," also by Gershoff.
The negative effects of physical punishment are colossal, well into adulthood.
A 2012 study published in the journal Pediatrics found that "harsh physical punishment was associated with increased odds of mood disorders, anxiety disorders, alcohol and drug abuse/dependence, and several personality disorders."
A review published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal that same year analyzed 20 years of data and came to similar conclusions regarding those risks -- and also found that spanking yields no positive outcome.
Spanking actually alters kids' brains.
A 2009 study concluded that children who were frequently spanked (defined as at least once a month for more than three years) "had less gray matter in certain areas of the prefrontal cortex that have been linked to depression, addiction and other mental health disorders."
According to CNN , another study -- also looking at how corporal punishment affects the brain -- found that children who receive it have a decrease in cognitive ability, compared with other kids.
The bottom line:
Stacy Drury, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral science at Tulane University, told the New Republic, "The goal of discipline, which actually comes from the Latin root meaning 'to teach,' is to change behavior. And physical discipline across many, many, many studies is ineffective at changing behavior and it’s ineffective for many reasons ... corporal punishment actually teaches children is that aggression is an acceptable method of problem solving."
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Sept. 15-17 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here .
A previous quote from Stacy Drury's remarks to the New Republic about the effects of corporal punishment has been updated to more accurately summarize her response.
More:

App turns smartphones into noise sensorsUpdated: September 19, 2014 17:02 IST
App turns smartphones into noise sensors
IANS
The Hindu NoiseTube is developed by researchers at the Free University of Brussels in Belgium. Photo: S Subramanium
TOPICS
technology (general)
If high levels of sound disturb your sleep at night, you can now turn your smartphone into a noise sensor for further action as researchers have now developed an app that lets you map noise.
Termed NoiseTube, the app uses the GPS and microphone in smartphones to gather data and create collaborative noise maps which can be far more detailed than official versions.
The app, developed by researchers at the Free University of Brussels in Belgium, allows everyone who downloads it the ability to measure the amount of noise they are exposed to by transforming their smartphone into a sound-level meter.
“The app is very simple to use on purpose. We wanted everyone to be able to use it, even if they were not tech savvy,” said Ellie D’Hondt of the NoiseTube project.
“We see this as a tool that empowers communities to take control and monitor their own noise levels,” D’Hondt noted.
Noise pollution in cities is bad for health, according to the World Health Organisation.
Exposure to sound levels at night could significantly damage health, leading to cardiovascular diseases, sleep disturbance and stress, it noted.
Once launched, the app shows decibel levels in green or red depending on the level of noise.
That information is then sent to the NoiseTube server via the internet where a detailed ‘noise map’ is produced and then made available to the user.
You can download the free app if you have an iOS-, Android- or Java ME-based smartphone with GPS.

Iran has  role  in fighting IS militants: John KerryPrint
Agence-France Presse | United Nations | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:36 pm
America’s arch-foe Iran has a role to play in tackling Islamic State militants who have overrun large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, US Secretary of State John Kerry said.
Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei claimed this week that he had rejected a request from the United States for cooperation on the battlefield.
US officials have not confirmed or denied making an offer in private, but they do not regard Tehran as part of the coalition they are building to fight the IS militant scourge.
But Kerry said that in combating the jihadist threat “there is a role for nearly every country to play, including Iran.”
Just last week, the top US diplomat had said it would be inappropriate to invite Iran to meetings seeking to building an international coalition because of Tehran’s “engagement in Syria and elsewhere.”
Tehran is supporting both Iraq and Syria in its battle against IS jihadists.

NATO reviews ties with Russia as new truce reached in UkraineAlexander Zakharchenko, the leader of pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk, speaks to the media after peace talks in Ukraine in Minsk, Belarus, early Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Vilnius | Posted: September 20, 2014 7:27 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 7:31 pm
NATO’s top military commanders are meeting in Lithuania Saturday to discuss relations with Russia as the warring sides in Ukraine agreed to pull back troops under a new peace plan reached overnight in Belarus.
General Knud Bartels, who chairs NATO’s Military Committee, said defence chiefs from the 28 nation alliance are set to review “future relationship with Russia and NATO’s military posture”.
“Central to our discussions will be the development and implementation of the alliance readiness action plan,” the Danish general said, referring to the new initiative which includes rotating troops and equipment through facilities in Eastern Europe.
The meeting will also cover NATO’s mission in Afghanistan and the situation in the Middle East, including the “pressing threat” from the Islamic State jihadists in Iraq and Syria, he added.
The military talks in Lithuania’s capital Vilnius focused on defending NATO’s eastern flank come just two weeks after NATO announced a new rapid reaction force at a key summit in Wales.
Lithuania said the new measures will also include regional “command and control” centres in the Baltic states and Poland.
These countries were formerly behind the Iron Curtain and are concerned about Russia’s territorial ambitions in the wake of the Crimea annexation and the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Addressing the generals, including NATO top commander General Philip Breedlove, Lithuanian President Dalia Grybrauskaite today insisted the alliance needed to present “a clear deterrence” and that time was of the essence.
“We understand that unpreparedness cannot be our strategic weakness…. Security environment has essentially changed already half a year ago,” she said.
The NATO talks started hours after negotiators representing Kiev and Ukraine’s pro-Russian separatists signed a new nine-point deal  which includes creating a buffer zone in eastern Ukraine.
Face-to-face talk in the Belarussian capital of Minsk, less than 200 kilometers (124 miles) from Vilnius, ended with an agreement to pull back troops by 15 kilometers from current frontlines and to allow in OSCE pan-European security monitors to make sure the truce holds.
The West accuses Russia of supplying weapons to pro-Kremlin separatists battling Kiev government forces in eastern Ukraine but Moscow has repeatedly denied the allegations.

Sunday ET | PM s US Visit: What awaits ModiPrime Minister's US Visit: What awaits Narendra Modi
Sep 21, 2014, 03.24PM IST
(A mishmash of euphoria,…)
By: Sujeet Rajan
NEW YORK: When it comes to Indian prime minister Narendra Modi's upcoming visit to the US later this month, there is diverse reaction — euphoria and indifference; cautious optimism of new economic fronts sprouting; as well as a heavy dose of scepticism.
Some wave it off as blase — a tedious deja vu of a diplomatic role play, with minimal results forthcoming. Others see it as an opportune moment to protest.
The euphoria is mostly among the Gujarati community, especially in the Tristate areas of New York City and New Jersey. The public reception for Modi at the Madison Square Garden (MSG) on September 28 is what they are waiting to savour, the lynchpin of his five-day visit — at least for these supporters.
The organizers were warned by the Prime Minister's Office not to make it an all-Gujarati show. So tickets were allocated to different Indian American organizations all over the country. An overwhelming response led to a lottery thrown in to determine 1,500 individual tickets.
Sellout Crowd
Seven hundred of the 20,000 total seats at the MSG have been sold to patron members, donors and advertisers, to cover the $1.5-million expense, out of which 20 seats are worth $50,000 each, said Bharat Barai, the organizer of the meet and a close confidant of Modi, in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine. "We have been fair, transparent and methodical in allocating tickets," said Barai.
Modi will be speaking on a rotating stage. By the time he's done with his speech, he would have made a 360° turn. Like at the United Nations, headphones and translations will be available for all invited dignitaries, apart from English sub-titles on giant screens. His speech will also stream live on the Fox Studios outdoor big screen at Times Square.
No community member will share the stage with Modi. Introductions to some 30-odd US Senators and Congressmen who have been invited, would be done by the emcees, former Miss America Nina Davuluri and newscaster Hari Sreenivasan. Billionaire Vivek Ranadive's daughter Anjali gets to sing the US national anthem, while playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy will in all likelihood sing the Indian anthem.
Violin maestro L Shankar will perform, to become only the second Indian-origin musician to perform at the venue, after Ravi Shankar's iconic concert for Bangladesh in July, 1971.
Actress Preity Zinta will be in the audience. Some Bollywood stars had offered their services for the occasion, but were turned down, according to a source.
In New York, Modi is also expected to visit Ground Zero after his address to the UN General Assembly on September 27 and pay his respects at the 9/11 museum there, apart from attending an NGO-organized annual meet 'Global Citizens Festival' at the Central Park, where he is scheduled to give a 15-minute talk on eradicating poverty by 2030. Around 40,000 people attend the festival every year. Modi will also attend several private receptions, including two back-to-back ones at The Pierre hotel overlooking Central Park, organized by the US India Business Council, and the Indian embassy, after his show at the MSG on the 28th.
  The Tough Part
Things will change for Modi once he begins the tough part of his trip: Washington, DC. The rock star status Modi is likely to enjoy in New York is bound to come down by a few notches on Capitol Hill, as experts would look for only one thing — results from his meeting with President Barack Obama over two days, which includes a dinner on the 29th.
Many experts feel India needs to prove to the US that it's ready to take equal responsibility on global issues, not just seek avenues to boost ties on the economic front.
Christine Fair, assistant professor in the Center for Peace and Security Studies at Georgetown University's Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Service, and the author of Fighting To The End - The Pakistan Army's Way of War, said in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine that the Obama administration, while being sceptical of further economic reforms in India, would "like to see the Indian government act like one, to be a global power". Fair added: "Different people are looking at different relationships [from the Obama-Modi meet]. I would like to see a discussion on what India can do on security issues, on more intelligence issues."
Fair pointed out that India has not been cooperative with the US on Russia, and has been hedging on Syria. "India has not been very imaginative with the US on these issues. India is offering a no value proposition on these issues, so I don't see anything significant coming from this visit," said Fair, adding that the US will look to India to cooperate on fighting ISIS in Iraq and Syria, monitoring the situation in Afghanistan, while India will seek help in curbing the designs of the al-Qaeda.
Remember 2002?

Muslim man assaulted for trying to convert girlNayab Khan being assaulted by Dharma Jagaran Sena members and a woman after he allegedly molested a former co-worker. This is the latest in a string of incidents to single out Muslim youth in MP.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 9:14 am
A Muslim youth was allegedly beaten by members of the Dharma Jagaran Sena and a Hindu girl, who accused him of attempting to forcibly convert her to Islam and marry her, in Jabalpur on Saturday.
After beating Nayab Khan, a mechanic with a two-wheeler company, the sena members reportedly took him to the Cantonment police station where they insisted he be booked under the anti-conversion law for “love jihad”. The police, however, refused to invoke the law, but booked the 24-year-old for attempting to outrage the girl’s modesty and criminal intimidation.
Before he was handed over to the police, Nayab was reportedly slapped and kicked by girls and sena members in the presence of reporters and camerapersons at Tagore Garden. “No male will beat him up (let the girls do the job),’’ the sena members reportedly said when they saw men beating Nayab.
The Hindu girl who was allegedly forced to convert, was Nayab’s co-worker. She has alleged that she had to quit her job and move to Indore because he had threatened to throw acid on her if she didn’t marry him. She further alleged that after she stopped taking his calls, he would call from new numbers.
The girl claimed that Nayab on Saturday forced her to come to Tagore Garden — where he wanted to solemnise nikah — by threatening to throw acid on her two sisters. Yogesh Agarwal of the Dharma Jagaran Sena said the activists were called to the spot by the girl.

Over 1 500 MHz spectrum likely to be availab...Over 1,500 MHz spectrum likely to be available by 2015
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
Broadband
(Besides, the government…)
NEW DELHI: About 1,538 MHz of spectrum in various bands for telecom services may be made available for auction next year, a move that will help the government expand mobile and broadband penetration in the country.
In the premium 700 Mhz band, which can be used for 4G and is even being considered for 5G services, 93 MHz of radiowaves can be put for sale. In the 800 MHz (CMDA), 900 MHz and 1,800 MHz bands 117.5 MHz, 184 MHz and 104 MHz, respectively, can be made available, sources said.
In 2,300 MHz band (broadband wireless access spectrum), 320 MHz spectrum, and in the 2,500 MHz band about 720 MHz could also be put on the block for sale, they added.
Besides, the government expects to make available a fresh set of 300 MHz spectrum for mobile services by 2017 and an additional 200 MHz by 2020.
Sources said that almost all of the spectrum in 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1,800 MHz will be available through the expiry of licences as well as that unsold in the last conducted auction.
For 700 MHz band, sectoral regulator Trai had recommended that the reserve price for the spectrum should be four-times of that of the 1,800 MHz band.
The 700-Mhz frequency band is considered to be one of the most valuable slots for telecom services as most of the latest technology can be transmitted in this band. Also investment required to roll out infrastructure will be lower for telecom companies in 700 Mhz compared to using higher frequency.
Spectrum auction in the last four years has fetched the government about Rs 1.75 lakh crore, which includes Rs 61,162 crore this year from auction in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1,800 MHz band and Rs 1.05 lakh in 2010 in 2,300 MHz and 2,500 MHz.
Government has set a revenue target of Rs 45,471 crore from communication services, including proceeds from spectrum auction and other related charges in 2014-15 fiscal.
Additionally, there are plans to make available 85 MHz spectrum in the 2,100 MHz band -- presently used for 3G services -- but that will be subject to release by the Defence Ministry , sources said.
Availability of spectrum will aid the government in achieving the objectives in the National Telecom Policy (NTP) 2012.
According to NTP 2012, the government aims to increase rural teledensity from the current level of around 39 to 70 by the year 2017 and 100 by the year 2020.
Besides, it aims to provide affordable and reliable broadband on demand by 2015, to achieve 175 million broadband connections by the year 2017 and 600 million by the year 2020, at minimum 2 Mbps download speed and making available higher speeds of at least 100 Mbps on demand.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Portable PF A/c number to be launched on Oct...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
Portable PF A/c number to be launched on October 16
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 12.21PM IST
Tags:
labour minister
(UAN will give the facility…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund manager EPFO's ambitious project to provide portable universal PF account numbers (UAN) to its subscribers will be launched on October 16.
Besides, the government will launch unified web portal LIN (Labour Identification Number) for simplifying business regulations and bringing in transparency and accountability in labour inspections by various agencies and bodies under the administrative control of Labour Ministry.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to launch both LIN web portal and UAN on October 16 as per the Plan chalked out by the Labour Ministry.
"Labour Secretary had called a meeting for the launch of UAN and LIN yesterday. The ministry has planned to launch both LIN portal and UAN on October 16," a senior official said.
According to him, the Prime Minister will be invited to launch the LIN portal and UAN in the presence of Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar and other top brass of the Labour Ministry.
UAN will give the facility of collation of accounts, viewing of updated accounts as well as downloading the same and collation of pensionable service.
The universal number will be portable throughout the working career of members and can be used anywhere in India. Thus, workers in organised sector would not need to apply for transfer of PF account claim on changing jobs.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 1.80 crore employees, PAN details in respect of 86.9 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 28.2 lakh employees.
The EPFO is in the process of making UAN operational for its 4.17 crore contributing subscribers by October 15.
The body had started the process of seeding the 4.17 crore UANs with subscribers bank account numbers, PAN, Aadhaar and other Know-your-Customers (KYC) details to improve the delivery of its services in July this year.
The unified LIN web portal will operate through a unique LIN (Shram Pehchan Sankhya) for each employer.
The employers will be allotted LIN after registration on web portal. The enforcement agency will upload the data of inspection on the web portal which will be updated periodically.
This web portal will provide for filing of single harmonised annual returns by the employers.
This portal will provide for online reporting of harmonised inspection report by labour inspectors and inspecting officers of other bodies like EPFO administered by Labour Ministry. It will also provide for online grievance redressal system.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is aggression a China ploy to keep India in checkprint
Were it not for the lingering historical acrimony between the two countries, one could have mistaken Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meeting this week for an unalloyed love-fest between two close friends. They smiled a lot, spoke the language of partnership, exchanged gifts, walked a riverfront and even shared a quiet dinner. There was also a promise of Chinese investments in India.
 
Even so, what remained by the time Xi left were not fond memories of a visit aimed to build bridges but unusual levels of tension and uncertainty along a disputed border where their soldiers stood eyeball to eyeball.
Read: Chinese troops return to Ladakh after retreat during Xi Jinping's visit
 
On a contested border stretch, an apparent incursion can sometimes be a matter of perception. The two countries have disputed their 3,500 km border, especially after a 1962 war in which China seized much of the Himalayan high ground that India sees as a strategic buffer against invaders. So, what one side views as a patrol along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), another side views as a violation, and vice versa.
 
But the frequency of Chinese border crossings betrays a pattern, one that has often been explained as a sign of a wider, growing territorial assertiveness by a country keen to alter the balance of global power.
 
Read: India, China in choppy waters over Indian Ocean dominance?
 
A calibrated escalation of the border dispute may, in reality, reflect Beijing's more deep-seated concern about a younger, restive generation of Tibetans growing up in India that their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, does not control.
 
An analysis of military statistics shows a sudden spike in Chinese incursions from 2007, around the same time young, restless Tibetans began speaking out against the “middle path” of the Dalai Lama and sharpened their anti-China protests. This included groups asking for an armed insurrection inside Tibet.
 
Chinese cross-border forays almost doubled from 140 in 2006 to 270 in 2008 and have since kept that level.
 
For a government already saddled with unrest by Uighurs in Muslim-dominated Xinjiang province, the possibility, however remote, of a Tibetan insurgency is clearly unsettling. 
 
Add to that the fears that a new generation of belligerent Tibetan exiles could become a bargaining chip for India.
 
Clearly for China, India has kept the Tibetan culture and political identity alive by sheltering the Dalai Lama, who was the bone of contention that led to the 1962 war.

Toshiba Lighting looking to set up mfg base in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Toshiba Lighting looking to set up mfg base in India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Sensing good opportunities in the lighting segment here, Japanese electronics giant Toshiba is scaling up its size with plans to set up a manufacturing base and is investing in the R&D centres of its subsidiary GreenStar.
The company is aiming for a business of US $ 40 million (Rs 243 crore) here in next five years in LED (light emitting diode) segment with a 40 per cent year-on-year growth basis.
Presently, Toshiba Lighting & Technology Corporation has revenue base of around US$ 4 million (over Rs 24 crore) in India.
“Our primary manufacturing facilities are in China and Japan. We are also trying to see India as next manufacturing base, not only for the local market but also producing for global needs,” Toshiba Lighting & Technology Corporation President and CEO Yoichi Ibi told PTI.
However, he also added that it would depend on the sales volume in the coming years.
Greenstar Director India Technology & Operation Centre Sarosij Sengupta said Toshiba would have a three-pronged focus in India.
“It would develop the lighting market in India, utilise the design and resource capabilities here and create a global design centre where we could develop product for global markets as Europe, USA, Japan,” he said.
Toshiba has already started investing in developing labs for R&D equipments and lab of GreenStar India to suffice the global requirements of design.
On being asked whether Toshiba would use India’s strategic geographical proximity with Middle East and African nation to make it as export hub for those nations, Ibi said:” In the future if we enter in those markets, India is one candidate for the desired headquarter for Middle East and Africa“.
GreenStar was acquired by the Japanese conglomerate in 2012 and made a part of Toshiba Group Company. It manufactures LED street lights, high bay/low bay LED lights and LED based billboards.
The company would be using GreenStar brand in India, however, in other geographies it would use Toshiba or would have co-branding.
“We would develop our business in India through the brand name of GreenStar,” Ibi added.
GreenStar had started in India as a design centre and has a manufacturing site with local supply chain.
Toshiba has come with new global models of street light, which is co-developed by GreenStar R&D and Toshiba’s R&D in Japan.
“The plans are that product would be marketed in Europe and Australia. Entire product would be manufactured and assembled here and shipped out,” Sengupta said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

European Commission building among targets ofmilitantsPress Trust of India | Berlin | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:16 pm
The European Commission, the high-profile building that houses several thousand officials of the 28-nation European Union, was among the targets of ISIS linked militants returning from Syria, according to media reports.
The Belgian authorities have arrested several people during a crackdown. Two arrested people were from The Hague, Dutch public broadcaster NOS reported. “They were planning an attack. One of the targets was the European Commission building. Individual commissioners were not particularly targeted. It would be more like the Jewish museum attack with the aim to kill as many people as possible,” NOS reported, citing an informed source.
Belgian police reportedly found guns and bulletproof vests during the crackdown. The arrests and seizure of arms resulted from simultaneous home raids in Brussels and The Hague. One raid was reportedly carried out in The Hague’s Schilderswijk district, where a demonstration in support of the Islamic State (ISIS) recently took place.
ISIS is an al-Qaeda splinter group and it has seized hundreds of square miles in Iraq and Syria. Al-Qaeda has distanced itself from the group, chiding it for its lack of teamwork in its aggressive, brutal expansion. ISIS has in its ranks hundreds of European fighters.
Belgian daily L’Echo said the arrests come as authorities are investigating extremism in the region. According to reports, about 400 Belgians were fighting in Syria alongside jihadists and some of them have returned home. “Our starting point is that among them, one out of nine aim(s) to carry out an attack,” L’Echo’s reported, citing an unnamed source.
“We are working full time on the problem of the returning militants,” Belga news agency cited a federal judicial spokesman as saying. “We work together with the security services and that led us to carry out several operations,” the spokesman said.

Bilawal one of the daydreamers in Pakistan:IUMLPrint
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India. (PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:08 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 3:09 pm
Indian Union Muslim League Sunday dubbed Bilawal Bhutto Zardari as one of the “daydreamers” in Pakistan for his Kashmir remarks and said that every inch of Indian territory will be protected to the last minute.
“The utterances of Pakistan’s Opposition leader Bilawal Bhutto is nothing but to show he is also one of the daydreamers in Pakistan when he spoke that he will take every inch of Kashmir,” E Ahamed, the Member of Parliament and the IUML chief, said in a statement.
Asserting that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral and inalienable part of India, Ahamed said: “entire India especially 170 million Muslims will defend the integrity of the country for which last drop of blood will also be shed.”
He suggested Bilawal and others in Pakistan to do something for their own nation instead of living in daydreams.
“Muslims of India will never allow anybody to reduce the numerical strength of Muslim Population in India, and every inch of Indian Union will be protected to the last minute defending integrity, sovereignty and independence of our mother land,” the former minister added.
Bilawal, considered the ‘Gen-Next’ politician of Pakistan, had told his party workers in Multan in Pakistan’s Punjab on Friday that PPP would get Kashmir back from India.

NATO warns on Ukraine truce as fighters set to pullbackPrint
Agence-France Presse | Kiev | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:00 pm
Ukrainian forces and pro-Kremlin militias were due today to pull back under a new peace plan, but NATO’s top military commander warned that there was a ceasefire “in name only” on the ground.
The warring sides are required to move back fighters and weaponry and create a buffer zone along the frontline that splits the separatist east of Ukraine from the rest of the ex-Soviet state.
The withdrawal and an accompanying monitoring mission by teams from the OSCE pan-European security body are at the heart of a nine-point plan struck early yesterday in the Belarussian capital Minsk.
NATO top commander, General Philip Breedlove, said on Saturday that continued clashes had shown the two-week-old agreement to be a ceasefire “in name only” and accused Russia of keeping soldiers on Ukrainian soil to bolster the insurgents.
The deal is meant to reinforce a truce forged on September 5 in a bid to stem five months of conflict that has claimed nearly 3,000 lives and threatened Ukraine’s very survival.
The truce was “still there in name, but what is happening on the ground is quite a different story,” Breedlove said on the sidelines of a NATO meeting symbolically convened in the ex-Soviet satellite state of Lithuania.
But he struck a more optimistic note when he spoke of Saturday’s Minsk agreement. “It is our sincere hope and desire that… the two combatants can come to agreement to again get to a ceasefire situation,” he said.
The Minsk memorandum — signed by the warring parties and endorsed by both Moscow’s Kiev ambassador and an OSCE envoy — also requires the withdrawal of all “foreign armed groups” and mercenaries from the conflict zone.
Russia denies having any forces in Ukraine. It says a number of its troops captured by Kiev’s forces must have accidentally strayed across the border.
But Breedlove insisted NATO intelligence showed that the Russian forces “are still inside Ukraine”.
Former Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma, who is representing Kiev throughout stuttering efforts to resolve the crisis, also warned the Minsk deal would fall apart without the creation of a 30-kilometre (20-mile) demilitarised zone.
Swiss president and OSCE chief Didier Burkhalter hailed the Minsk deal as “a significant step towards making the ceasefire sustainable and an important contribution in the efforts to peacefully settle the crisis”.
But the pact only came together after all sides agreed to leave the most divisive political issues over the status of the rebel-held areas in Ukraine’s rustbelt for future negotiation.
It also overlooked unceasing flareups in violence that have claimed the lives of 35 Ukrainians soldiers and civilians since the original truce was declared.
A series of blasts tore through a Soviet-era munitions plant on the outskirts of the main rebel stronghold city of Donetsk, local officials said.
Rebel representatives in the city of nearly one million people also said yesterday they had received a huge Russian humanitarian convoy.
A Ukrainian security spokesman said Moscow had blatantly “violated international law and our sovereignty” because it never gave Ukrainian customs officials a chance to inspect the cargo.
Saturday’s Minsk agreement came at end of a dizzying week continued…

Uddhav makes final offer  reminds Modi how Bal Thackeray backed him post GujaratriotsUddhav's final offer: 151 for Sena, 119 for BJP and 18 seats for allies. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 21, 2014 2:43 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 4:48 pm
Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray offered a new solution which he described as the “the last formula” to break the seat sharing deadlock with the BJP. Thackeray has offered to contest 151 seats giving the BJP 119 and  leaving 18 seats for the allies. In an indication to the BJP on who is the  boss in the state, Thackeray asked the BJP to concentrate on governing the  country and leave the governance of Maharashtra to it.
“Today I am making a final attempt to ensure that our alliance stays  intact. Sena had initially asked for 160 seats. But now we are ready to part with nine seats. Shiv Sena will fight on 151 seats, leaving 119 seats for BJP. The remaining 18 seats will be given to our allies,” Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray said while addressing a meeting of party office bearers in Mumbai.
Thackeray further stated that the Sena was ready to sacrifice the nine seats in the interest of the state but warned that it would not relent any further claiming that this was the last offer by the Sena. “We will be unhappy if the alliance breaks. But this is a battle of our existence irrespective of whether the alliance lasts or not,” Thackeray said.
Thackeray also hinted that the Sena would claim the lions share in case the alliance came into power. “During the Lok Sabha polls, our alliance partners had told us that ‘do not create problems as the BJP government is coming to power at the Center’. I agreed then. Now don’t create problems in Maharashtra for us,” Thackeray said.
In response to Uddhav’s offer, BJP said there is nothing new in Shiv Sena’s proposal , and asked the party to sort out seat-sharing issue through discussion and not through media.
We want the alliance to continue. It is the duty of both parties to maintain the alliance, BJP said.
The Shiv Sena chief also reminded the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi how it stood behind its alliance partner in the wake of the 2002 Gujarat riots.
“Everyone knows how terrible the situation was when the Godhra riots took place. Everyone was saying that Modi should be immediately removed from the Gujarat CM’s post. At that time, it was only Balasaheb who told LK Advani that Modi should stay on as he pursues the Hindutva ideology,” he said.
He also claimed that the alliance with BJP was on the issue of Hindutva and not meant to grab power. “Maharashtra will be the number one state in the country if Sena comes to power. I want power and I will take it at any cost. But this power is to give Maharashtra something and not to take away, like other parties do,” he said.
Balasaheb told L K Advani that Modi should stay on as he pursues the Hindutva ideology

PM s US visit: What awaits Modi | Big rallies planned in front of UN  White House to welcome ModiPrime Minister's US Visit: What awaits Narendra Modi
Sep 21, 2014, 03.24PM IST
(A mishmash of euphoria,…)
By: Sujeet Rajan
NEW YORK: When it comes to Indian prime minister Narendra Modi's upcoming visit to the US later this month, there is diverse reaction — euphoria and indifference; cautious optimism of new economic fronts sprouting; as well as a heavy dose of scepticism.
Some wave it off as blase — a tedious deja vu of a diplomatic role play, with minimal results forthcoming. Others see it as an opportune moment to protest.
The euphoria is mostly among the Gujarati community, especially in the Tristate areas of New York City and New Jersey. The public reception for Modi at the Madison Square Garden (MSG) on September 28 is what they are waiting to savour, the lynchpin of his five-day visit — at least for these supporters.
The organizers were warned by the Prime Minister's Office not to make it an all-Gujarati show. So tickets were allocated to different Indian American organizations all over the country. An overwhelming response led to a lottery thrown in to determine 1,500 individual tickets.
Sellout Crowd
Seven hundred of the 20,000 total seats at the MSG have been sold to patron members, donors and advertisers, to cover the $1.5-million expense, out of which 20 seats are worth $50,000 each, said Bharat Barai, the organizer of the meet and a close confidant of Modi, in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine. "We have been fair, transparent and methodical in allocating tickets," said Barai.
Modi will be speaking on a rotating stage. By the time he's done with his speech, he would have made a 360° turn. Like at the United Nations, headphones and translations will be available for all invited dignitaries, apart from English sub-titles on giant screens. His speech will also stream live on the Fox Studios outdoor big screen at Times Square.
No community member will share the stage with Modi. Introductions to some 30-odd US Senators and Congressmen who have been invited, would be done by the emcees, former Miss America Nina Davuluri and newscaster Hari Sreenivasan. Billionaire Vivek Ranadive's daughter Anjali gets to sing the US national anthem, while playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy will in all likelihood sing the Indian anthem.
Violin maestro L Shankar will perform, to become only the second Indian-origin musician to perform at the venue, after Ravi Shankar's iconic concert for Bangladesh in July, 1971.
Actress Preity Zinta will be in the audience. Some Bollywood stars had offered their services for the occasion, but were turned down, according to a source.
In New York, Modi is also expected to visit Ground Zero after his address to the UN General Assembly on September 27 and pay his respects at the 9/11 museum there, apart from attending an NGO-organized annual meet 'Global Citizens Festival' at the Central Park, where he is scheduled to give a 15-minute talk on eradicating poverty by 2030. Around 40,000 people attend the festival every year. Modi will also attend several private receptions, including two back-to-back ones at The Pierre hotel overlooking Central Park, organized by the US India Business Council, and the Indian embassy, after his show at the MSG on the 28th.
  The Tough Part
Things will change for Modi once he begins the tough part of his trip: Washington, DC. The rock star status Modi is likely to enjoy in New York is bound to come down by a few notches on Capitol Hill, as experts would look for only one thing — results from his meeting with President Barack Obama over two days, which includes a dinner on the 29th.
Many experts feel India needs to prove to the US that it's ready to take equal responsibility on global issues, not just seek avenues to boost ties on the economic front.
Christine Fair, assistant professor in the Center for Peace and Security Studies at Georgetown University's Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Service, and the author of Fighting To The End - The Pakistan Army's Way of War, said in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine that the Obama administration, while being sceptical of further economic reforms in India, would "like to see the Indian government act like one, to be a global power". Fair added: "Different people are looking at different relationships [from the Obama-Modi meet]. I would like to see a discussion on what India can do on security issues, on more intelligence issues."
Fair pointed out that India has not been cooperative with the US on Russia, and has been hedging on Syria. "India has not been very imaginative with the US on these issues. India is offering a no value proposition on these issues, so I don't see anything significant coming from this visit," said Fair, adding that the US will look to India to cooperate on fighting ISIS in Iraq and Syria, monitoring the situation in Afghanistan, while India will seek help in curbing the designs of the al-Qaeda.
Remember 2002?

This company has made a tablet customised to your needs at 5000 onwardsprint
Challenging the one-size-fits-all approach of leading electronics manufacturers, a home-grown company has brought in a new concept of customised tablets for specific segments like children, women, seniors, professionals and gamers with prices starting at under Rs. 5,000.
Besides being customised at the hardware and software levels, these tablets -- under the brand name 'Pinig Tabs' and powered by Android operating system -- would provide 'managed device' services to users through the product's lifecycle.
The company, Pinig Tech, has categorised its tablets as Executive Tab, Kids Tab, Woman Tab, Gaming Tab and Senior Tab for different user groups. The tablets would start at a price of under Rs. 5,000 and can go up to Rs. 12,800 depending on the configuration that a user requires.
"We are passionate about technology and want to make it easy to use for everybody. You shouldn't have to be tech-savvy to enjoy all the benefits of technology. While your 8-month old child can use the Kids Tab for learning numbers and rhymes, your 70-year old dad can use the Senior Tab to watch his grandchildren learn their first words," Pinig Tech's co-founder Piyush Nigam said.
These tablets would come with a range of apps selected on the basis of the needs of the target user, while ensuring compatibility with a particular device's configuration.
The company said that Pinig Tab would be a 'managed device', which means that it automatically upgrades chosen apps as and when a new version of the app is released.
The company has also lined up big plans for the upcoming festive season, while it is also in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations.
Besides, Pinig aims to tap social media platforms and schools to promote these tabs.
Apart from discounts, Pinig would be offering festive packs that include branded tablet covers, earphones, 3G dongle and other accessories.
Rise of smartphones with large screen has eaten into the global tablet and 2-in-1 market with shipment growing just 3.9% to 50.4 million units in the January-March quarter, research firm IDC said.
Slow growth across commercial and consumer segments saw sales of players like Apple, Asus and Amazon also falling.
However, customised tablets are becoming popular in developed countries with many players offering products tailor-made for specific customer groups.
Mayank Saxena from the Online Marketing Team at Pinig Tech said customers can get life-time service on these tabs through its website pinig.com and also select different apps.
"Moreover, we are in the process of contacting schools for our Kids Tab," said Manjeet Singh from the Product Development Team. The Kids Tab is available in three age categories, ranging from toddlers to pre-teens.
"We have big plans for this year's festive season. We are in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations for Diwali and beyond. With social media gaining popularity, we also plan to issue coupon codes for our tablets.
"Apart from discounts on the tablets, we would be offering festive packs that include accessories that a user may need.
"These become attractive gifting options, particularly because the range of offering has wide appeal across age groups, while representing an exciting alternative to traditional gifts," said Vikrant Sharma from the Business Development Team.

Seat-sharing row: Crisis looms as BJP hits back at Sena s  last effort  to save allianceComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra on Monday rejected ally Shiv Sena's 'final' offer of 119 seats, thus worsening the crisis in the saffron alliance.
BJP president Amit Shah called up Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and urged him not to break the 25-year old alliance, TV reports said. Shah also requested the Sena to rethink on seat sharing for the 288-member assembly polls.
This comes amid indications that the BJP  is readying a Plan B with state leaders telling Prime Minister Narendra Modi that they would rather go it alone than accept this.
Modi is now expected to attempt a reconciliation. In New Delhi, the BJP’s top brass took stock of the seat sharing talks, but kept its cards close to its chest.
After a meeting of its parliamentary board, Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah had a separate 10-minute-long meeting. The party remain tight-lipped about it.
The Sena has given the BJP a breather saying it would wait till Monday. The last date for filing nominations is September 27.
“Modi may not immediately sanction an extreme step and could try and convince the Sena chief,” said a BJP leader close to the developments.
For over a fortnight, the saffron combine has been squabbling over the formula for sharing the 288 assembly seats going to polls on October 15.
Earlier in the day, Thackeray speaking at his party’s national executive meeting in Mumbai, told a cheering crowd of Sainiks to prepare to go solo if the talks did not fructify.
In what his partymen saw as his best-ever public speech, Thackeray said his formula  -- of 151 seats for the Sena, 119 for the BJP and 18 for smaller allies --  was his last-ditch effort to save the alliance.
HT Analysis: Uddhav wary of BJP’s Maha ambitions
The BJP responded within the hour. “We fought 119 seats in 2009, even now they are offering us 119. How is this justified,” asked senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse. Talking in New Delhi, he said the two parties should reshuffle the 59 seats the Sena has not won in the past three elections and 19 the BJP had not won and then arrive at a figure.
“Also, these talks cannot take place through television. We need to sit face-to-face,” Khadse added, saying the BJP was still open to talks, putting the ball back into the Sena’s court. BJP insiders said the party had readied a list of 130 candidates and was waiting for word from the top leaders to release it.
In his speech, Thackeray criticised the present batch of BJP leaders reminding them of how the alliance, formed by LK Advani, Atal Behari Vajpayee, and Pramod Mahajan with the late Bal Thackeray, came together not for power but for Hindutva.
“We had differences of opinion with Mahajan and [Gopinath] Munde too. But our relationship never got strained like it has happened now. We both knew how much to stretch,” he said. He reminded Modi that the Shiv Sena stood by him during the riots in Gujarat.
He also warned the BJP against creating hurdles when a golden opportunity to win the state elections has arisen, just as they kept to the alliance dharma during the Lok Sabha polls.
The Sena chief did not hide his chief ministerial ambitions either. “If you are looking down on the Shiv Sena, then our sainiks are ready to fight back. Get ready to face consequences…. I promise to capture power in Maharashtra at any cost,” Thackeray said.
The state BJP  is bent on teaching the Sena a lesson, but the party’s central leadership thinks a break-up could mar the BJP’s credibility among other allies.
“Any decision needs to be taken with some solid foresight. No doubt that the Sena has us in a catch-22 position, but then we need to find a solution that will go a long away,” said a BJP leader.
While a decision to split has not yet been finalised, the break-up of this long-time friendship is sure to change the political map of Maharashtra for years to come.

This Might Explain Why Diet Soda Drinkers Are Often Overweightreddit
People who drink diet sodas over regular sodas are more likely to be overweight or obese, but scientists weren't sure why. The theories fell into two camps: one, something inherent to artificial sweeteners causes weight gain or two, diet sodas imply a diet and heavy people are more likely to be on one.
While we can't discount either quite yet, put down one more point for the first theory. A new study from the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel reveals that artificial sweeteners may have a deleterious effect on our gut bacteria.
Researchers found that artificial sweeteners changed the composition of gut bacteria over time, which could explain why subjects became more glucose intolerant over time. Prolonged glucose intolerance leads to conditions like obesity and diabetes -- the very things that people drinking diet sodas are trying to avoid.
"Our relationship with our own individual mix of gut bacteria is a huge factor in determining how the food we eat affects us," said lead researcher Dr. Eran Elinav in a press release . "Especially intriguing is the link between use of artificial sweeteners -- through the bacteria in our guts -- to a tendency to develop the very disorders they were designed to prevent; this calls for reassessment of today's massive, unsupervised consumption of these substances."
The findings were published on Sept. 17 in the journal Nature .
To explore the connection between artificial sweeteners and gut bacteria, Elinav first conducted a series of experiments on mice. In the first, he added either saccharin, sucralose, or aspartame (common artificial sweeteners used in diet sodas and other foods) to the drinking water of mice pups. The control groups of mice pups got either plain water or sugared water.
After a week, he found that the mice who had been drinking artificially sweetened water developed significant glucose intolerance. Both groups given plain or sugared water had normal blood sugar levels. When Elinav subsequently gave the glucose intolerant mice an antibiotic to wipe out their gut bacteria, blood sugar returned to normal, proving the connection between gut bacteria and glucose intolerance.
Finally, to establish cause, Elinav transplanted feces (which contain a lot of gut bacteria) from saccharin-eating mice and sugar-eating mice to new groups of mice who hadn't eaten any sweetener at all. He found that the animals who had received feces from saccharine-eating mice developed glucose intolerance, while those who had received feces from sugar-eating mice did not.
But that's mice. What about humans? Elinav tested his theory on us, too. He examined data from 381 non-diabetic people, ages 30 to 56, who were part of an ongoing nutrition study that collects data on diets and gut bacteria. He found that those who reported eating more artificial sweeteners were more likely to be heavier, have larger waists and higher blood glucose levels when fasting. They were also more likely to have certain families of bacteria in common, too.
Elinav then completed a controlled experiment to compliment the observational data: He recruited seven healthy volunteers, ages 28-36, who normally avoid artificial sweeteners, and told them to consume the maximum amount of the FDA's acceptable daily intake of saccharine for a week (At 5 milligrams per kilogram of weight, that's like a 150-lb. person eating nine packets of Sweet 'n Low, according to Greatist ). Throughout the week, researchers monitored their gut bacteria by examining their feces.
After seven days, four out of seven participants had begun to develop glucose intolerance. The evolution of their gut bacteria over the course of the week might explain why. The people who became glucose intolerant had "pronounced compositional changes" in their microbiota. Those changes could have been in response to the artificial sweeteners, suggest the study authors.
We have an estimated 100 trillion bacteria in our intestines , and they help us digest our food. But they don't just help break down our food; emerging research like Elinav's links imbalances in gut bacteria to conditions like obesity, Type 1 diabetes, celiac disease and Crohn's disease, just to name a few.
It could be that the key to managing or even preventing such illnesses is catering to that bacteria, and in the case of obesity and diabetes, that could mean avoiding artificial sweeteners.
"Artificial sweeteners were extensively introduced into our diets with the intention of reducing caloric intake and normalizing blood glucose levels without compromising the human 'sweet tooth,'" write the study authors. "Our findings suggest that [artificial sweeteners] may have directly contributed to enhancing the exact epidemic that they themselves were intended to fight."
Of course, this study doesn't mean that plunging headfirst into drinks with real sugar in them are any healthier -- the American Diabetes Association recommends avoiding sugary drinks like sweet tea, juice, soda and sports drinks altogether in order to prevent diabetes.
May we suggest a piece of fruit to satisfy that sweet tooth?
Also on HuffPost:

Indian handball team loses to South Korea in AsiadIndian handball team loses to South Korea in Asiad
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari one of the  daydreamers  in Pakistan: IUMLBilawal Bhutto Zardari one of the  daydreamers  in Pakistan: IUML
Modi congratulates New Zealand PM on election victoryModi congratulates New Zealand PM on election victory
RBI Governor Rajan Frowns on  Subsidising  Foreign Education LoansRBI Governor Rajan Frowns on  Subsidising  Foreign Education Loans
End of Secrecy: G20 Deal Opens Way for India to Track Black Money Stashed AbroadEnd of Secrecy: G20 Deal Opens Way for India to Track Black Money Stashed Abroad
India Inc Most Optimistic Among Asian Corporates: SurveyStrong Mind is Modi's Strength: Finance Minister
Mumbai: Despite weakness in overall business sentiment across Asia after the slowdown in China and Singapore, India Inc is still riding high on optimism, according to findings of a survey.
Domestic companies are the most positive with a maximum score of 100 for the second consecutive quarter after Narendra Modi was elected Prime Minister, according to Thomson Reuters/Insead Asia Business Sentiment survey released in Mumbai on Friday.
The survey polled 15 domestic companies and all of them were positive about their outlook.
This is in sharp contrast to the steep fall in business sentiment among Asia's top companies in the third quarter, weighed down by worries about Chinese slowdown, an end to the Federal Reserve's stimulus and a decline in the outlook for regional economic hubs like Singapore, the survey said.
The sentiment index fell to 66 in the third quarter from 74 in the previous quarter as a whole in Asia, its steepest decline in three years, it added.
However, it is still positive as a reading above 50 indicates an overall positive outlook.
While Thailand is the second most positive with a score of 90, the worst sentiment is in Taiwan, which scored only 33, while China dropped to 50 from 67 and Singapore also showed a sharp drop from 67 to 50.
The survey pooled 200 of Asia-Pacific region's top companies in 11 economies across sectors including financials, property, resources and technology between September 1 and September 12.
Of the 120 companies which responded, 64 per cent reported a neutral outlook, while 34 per cent said they had a positive outlook and 1.67 per cent were negative.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 23:26 (IST)

Gold hits 14-month low  dips below Rs. 27k levelThe Hindu Extending its losses, gold prices on Saturday dipped below the Rs 27,000-mark by losing Rs. 40 to trade at about 14-month low of Rs. 26,970 per ten gram. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Impact of poor global appetite for the yellow metal
Gold, on Saturday, continued its slide with the precious metal falling below the Rs.27,000-mark to Rs.26,970 per 10-gram mark in Delhi, which is its 14-month low. In Mumbai, it had breached the Rs.27,000-mark earlier in the week and closed at Rs.26,790.
Market watchers attribute the fall to selling by gold stockists in India and a poor global appetite for gold.
“The main reason is international cues with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and the recent announcement that interest rates may be increased in early 2015,’’ said C. P. Krishnan, whole-time director, Geojit Comtrade, a commodity trading outfit.
There has been a poor off-take of gold in its main consuming markets of China and India. “Considering that we are close to the festive season, the off-take has been quite poor in India,’’ Mr. Krishnan said, adding that India had seen a waning interest with import restrictions in place as also attractive alternative investment avenues such as a booming stock markets and real estate.
“If the rupee continues to hold its own against the dollar, then gold price could react further. There could be a pick-up in demand in the next couple of months during the festive season considering that the monsoon has been good,’’ he said.
International gold was at $1,216 an ounce. “It has breached the previous support level of $1,240 and the next support is at $1,180,’’ said Bhargav Vaidya, a consultant and director of India Bullion & Jewellers’ Association (IBJA). “In India, the premium has evaporated and although there may be an improvement in demand, there is unlikely to be any improvement in price in the near future.’’
According to Mr. Krishnan, the government seems to have pegged the dollar in the Rs.60-61 band, and depending on the dollar’s trajectory, gold could go even as low as Rs.24,500 levels by year-end.

GE will let you make your appliances smarterGE Opens Up Smart Appliances to Developers
Your appliances will be as smart as you can make them.
Jonathan Chan
September 18, 2014
GE is opening up its smart appliances to the masses. Green Bean, a circuit board that allows any computer to communicate with select GE appliances, lets anyone with some programming knowledge and spare time create custom apps and hardware add-ons.
It's one of the first projects to come out of GE's FirstBuild maker space and microfactory , and it marks the first time a home appliance manufacturer has opened up a smart home platform to the crowd.
"Green Bean is not about a product. It's about an idea and about unleashing innovation on appliances worldwide," said GE engineer Taylor Dawson.
A concept piece for a cooling fan that will tell you when your beverage is cold. View Larger
If your appliance's electronics control it, Green Bean can reprogram it—from letting a washing machine know when to start, to texting your kids when the dishwasher needs to be unloaded. The majority of current GE appliances are compatible with the technology.
Dawson said users could, for instance, develop more precise cycles for an oven. If a programmer created a specific app for cooking steak, it could tell a GE oven to turn on a burner and warm a steak for 30 minutes at a certain temperature, then automatically crank up the heat in last few minutes for a nice sear.
Never forget about your laundry again. View Larger
FirstBuild is planning on supplying innovators around the world with GE appliances so they can experiment. And its unique microfactory in Louisville, KY allows for quick concept-to-prototype conversion. This allows GE Appliance to rapidly address market trends. If someone comes up with a particularly good idea, they're poised to earn royalties off it. With that in mind, over 30 projects are already in motion.
"Since you are controlling your appliances through a computer you can plug in new input devices," said Dawson. This allows developers to create all new accessories for your appliances.
One designer, Mike Fitch, programmed a fridge to automatically dispense water for a dog. This is accomplished with the help of ChillHub –another GE platform that gives fridges USB capabilities.
This project allows your fridge to automatically dispense water when your dog approaches his dish. View Larger
Smart home technology has historically been a hammer looking for a nail: Big manufacturers come out with "smart" products and it was up to us to fit them into our lives. Now, with Green Bean, garage tinkerers and third-party companies alike can build smart features as they see fit. And shouldn't that be what smart homes tech is all about?
The software development kit runs on the Node.js platform, making it compatible with Windows, Mac OSX, and Linux. It will be available starting September 20.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

Arya Z2 smartphone with a 5-inch display  8MP camera  Android KitKat launched in India at Rs 6 99938
2
New Delhi: Arya, an Indian smartphone brand, has announced the launch of its new smartphone in India. Named the Arya Z2, the Android smartphone has a 5-inch HD IPS display and an 8 megapixel auto-focus rear camera with a Sony BSI sensor. It runs Android KitKat OS.
Priced at Rs 6,999, the phone is 7.55mm thick. Its OGS (one glass solution) screen reduces the thickness of the device. The phone comes with a 2 megapixel front camera.
The dual-SIM Arya Z2 is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core Mediatek (6582A) processor paired with 1GB of RAM. It has an internal storage space of 4GB.
The dual-SIM Arya Z2 is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core Mediatek (6582A) processor paired with 1GB of RAM.
Its other features include EDGE, GPRS, WiFi, Bluetooth, and USB OTG connectivity. The phone has a 1800mAh Lithium Polymer battery that is claimed to provide up to 8 hours of talktime on a 3G network.
The Arya Z2 will be available from 12pm on September 22 exclusively on Amazon.in.
84

Indian-Americans plan big rallies to welcome Modi on 3-day US visitIndian-Americans plan big rallies to welcome Modi on 3-day US visit
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 21:  
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s three-day visit to the US, hundreds of Indian-Americans from across the country have joined hands to give him a rousing welcome in front of the United Nations headquarters and the White House.
‘America Welcomes Modi’ rallies are being planned in front of the United Nations headquarters in New York on September 27, when Modi is to deliver his maiden address to the UN General Assembly.
The organisers are also preparing huge banners, posters and specially made T-shirts with slogans ‘America Welcomes Modi’, to be distributed among the participants.
Similarly in Washington DC, scores of Indian-Americans from the national Capital and from its suburbs in nearby Maryland and Virginia are preparing to hold welcome rallies in front of the White House on September 30, when Modi is scheduled to hold a meeting with the US President Barack Obama, in his Oval Office.
While the New York event is being organised by the Indian American Intellectual Forum in association with several other organisations, the White House Rally has been planned by US India Democracy Forum.
“There is an unprecedented level of support for Modi in the US... Indian-Americans from as far as Chicago and Houston are flying to New York to welcome the Prime Minister in front of the United Nations when he delivers his address to the General Assembly,” said Narain Kataria of the Indian American Intellectual Forum.
Kataria said Modi’s supporters in Chicago have printed ‘America Welcomes Modi’ t-shirts, which would be distributed to the participants. A number of large posters and banners are also being printed for the participants to display it prominently during the event, expected to be attended by some 900 people.
Many of the participants would be wearing Modi masks, while two life-size cut-outs of Modi would be put in display in front of the United Nations for people to take pictures with their popular leader, Kataria said. Not everybody has been able to get a ticket for the public reception being hosted in honour of Modi, because of space constraints.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Leonardo DiCaprio  Emma Watson bring star power toUNPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:22 pm
Star-power was on full display at the UN here with Hollywood actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Emma Watson joining hands with the world body and lending their support to issues of women’s empowerment and climate change.
Oscar-nominated actor and the new UN Messenger of Peace DiCaprio, on Saturday met United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon at the world body’s headquarters where he stressed that “climate change is perhaps the most important issue of our time” and tackling it will be “no small task”.
“His global stardom is the perfect match for this global challenge,” Ban said on Saturday.
UN Women Goodwill Ambassador Watson, renowned for her lead role as Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter film series, launched the UN Women ‘HeForShe’ campaign with Ban that calls on men and boys worldwide to raise their voice for gender equality and women’s empowerment.
DiCaprio is expected to join the Secretary-General at the Peoples’ Climate March in New York today where around 100,000 people are expected to come, demanding more action over climate change ahead of UN Climate Summit on September 23.
At the summit, more than 120 Heads of State and Government are expected to announce their visions and commitments for reaching a universal and meaningful climate agreement in 2015, and to demonstrate actions that will reduce emissions, enhance resistance to climate change and mobilise financing.
Over the next 12 months, the ‘HeForShe’ campaign intends to mobilise one billion men and boys as advocates and agents of change for gender equality.
Referring to her role as Hermione Granger in Harry Potter, Watson said many in the audience might ask: “Who is this ‘Harry Potter’ girl and what is she doing speaking at the UN?” while admitting that she had asked herself the same question since being named UN Women Goodwill Ambassador.
“All I know is that I care about this problem and want to make it better. I feel it is my responsibility to say and do something. I am reaching out to you because we need your help. We want to end gender inequality and to that we need everyone involved,” Watson said.
“The reality is, that if we do nothing, it will take 75 years before women can expect to be paid the same as men for the same work…and at the current rate, it will 2086 before all rural African girls can have a secondary education.
“I want men to take up this mantle. So that their daughters, sisters and mothers can be free from prejudice, but also so that their sons have permission to be vulnerable and human too – reclaim those parts of themselves they abandoned and in doing so be a more true and complete version of themselves,” Watson said.

International diplomacy is not a take away joint : Salman Khurshid to Prime Minister NarendraModiPrint
Khurshid said he was amazed that the government did not think it would work out in this manner. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:18 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 3:21 pm
Criticising Narendra Modi government’s policy towards Pakistan and China, Congress on Sunday said diplomacy is not a “take away joint” and asked the Prime Minister to take the country into confidence before working on any “strategic alliance” with the US.
Talking about Modi’s foreign policy, Congress spokesperson and former External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid said it is too early to pass a judgement one way or the other but “won’t give high marks right away”.
“If you take handling of Pakistan, I think it is very clear that his impression was he would just say something and Pakistan would do it. That is not how diplomacy works. Pakistan is a difficult country. And Pakistan has given us lot of troubles and to expect that Pakistan will just click its heels and say… is not something you should have expected. You should have taken far greater care, far greater sense of planning,” Khurshid told Karan Thapar on his show ‘Nothing but the Truth’ on Headlines Today.
India had called off the Foreign Secretary level meeting with Pakistan after their High Commissioner to New Delhi Abdul Basit met with Kashmiri separatist leaders even though the Modi government had warned him against it.
Khurshid said he was amazed that the government did not think it would work out in this manner. “Should they have not anticipated? Should they not have considered that this is the likely move that Pakistan will make? We can’t be caught off guard and then pretend that we are brave,” he said.
The former minister said Modi thinks it is like going to a “take away joint and think that if you just put the cash there, you will get what you want”.
“It does not happen like that in diplomacy. Diplomacy is a far more complicated thing. Diplomacy is a far more strenuous thing and just to think that I can win an election in India and can win everybody across the globe… not so easy,” Khurshid said.
Khurshid also criticised the handling of the issue of Chinese incursions but claimed credit for the investment that is coming in from China and Japan.
“Of course I am taking credit for the entire foreign policy of our country and my only worry is that whatever we have developed for over 10 years should not be dismantled by an over aspiring Prime Minister,” he said.
Told by Thapar that Modi, in a recent interview ahead of his visit to the US later this month, had said India and American can establish strategic alliance, Khurshid said Congress leadership has not commented on it yet.
“But very clearly we don’t believe in alliances. We believe in partnerships. And alliance with any country takes us away from standard Indian position that we deal continued…

Diplomacy is not a take-away joint  Congress tells Modi8
0
New Delhi: Criticising the Narendra Modi government's policy towards Pakistan and China, Congress on Sunday said diplomacy is not a "take away joint" and asked the Prime Minister to take the country into confidence before working on any "strategic alliance" with the US.
Talking about Modi's foreign policy, Congress spokesperson and former External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid said it is too early to pass a judgement one way or the other but "won't give high marks right away".
"If you take handling of Pakistan, I think it is very clear that his impression was he would just say something and Pakistan would do it. That is not how diplomacy works. Pakistan is a difficult country. And Pakistan has given us lot of troubles and to expect that Pakistan will just click its heels and say... is not something you should have expected. You should have taken far greater care, far greater sense of planning," Khurshid said in a television interview.
India had called off the Foreign Secretary level meeting with Pakistan after their High Commissioner to New Delhi Abdul Basit met with Kashmiri separatist leaders even though the Modi government had warned him against it.
#pakistan #diplomacy #pakistan #india
India had called off the Foreign Secretary level meeting with Pakistan after their High Commissioner to New Delhi Abdul Basit met with Kashmiri separatist leaders even though the Modi government had warned him against it.
Khurshid said he was amazed that the government did not think it would work out in this manner. "Should they have not anticipated? Should they not have considered that this is the likely move that Pakistan will make? We can't be caught off guard and then pretend that we are brave," he said.
The former minister said Modi thinks it is like going to a "take away joint and think that if you just put the cash there, you will get what you want". "It does not happen like that in diplomacy. Diplomacy is a far more complicated thing. Diplomacy is a far more strenuous thing and just to think that I can win an election in India and can win everybody across the globe... not so easy," Khurshid said.
8

Bilawal one of the  daydreamers  in Pakistan: Muslim League11
0
New Delhi: Indian Union Muslim League on Sunday dubbed Bilawal Bhutto Zardari as one of the "daydreamers" in Pakistan for his Kashmir remarks and said that every inch of Indian territory will be protected to the last minute.
"The utterances of Pakistan's Opposition leader Bilawal Bhutto is nothing but to show he is also one of the daydreamers in Pakistan when he spoke that he will take every inch of Kashmir," E Ahamed, the Member of Parliament and the IUML chief, said in a statement.
Asserting that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral and inalienable part of India, Ahamed said: "entire India
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
#bilawal bhutto #muslim league #pakistan #india
especially 170 million Muslims will defend the integrity of the country for which last drop of blood will also be shed." He suggested Bilawal and others in Pakistan to do something for their own nation instead of living in daydreams.
"Muslims of India will never allow anybody to reduce the numerical strength of Muslim Population in India, and every inch of Indian Union will be protected to the last minute defending integrity, sovereignty and independence of our mother land," the former minister added.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
Bilawal, considered the 'Gen-Next' politician of Pakistan, had told his party workers in Multan in Pakistan'sPunjab on Friday that PPP would get Kashmir back from India.
9

Narendra Modi congratulates New Zealand PM on election victorySep 21, 2014 at 02:40pm IST
Narendra Modi congratulates New Zealand PM on election victory
11
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday congratulated John Key on being re-elected for a third term as the Prime Minister of New Zealand.
"Congratulations to Mr. John Key & the New Zealand National Party for the victory in the General Election," the Prime Minister said.
Key, the conservative Prime Minister of New Zealand, won a resounding poll victory, securing a third term in the office.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday congratulated John Key on being re-elected for a third term as the Prime Minister of New Zealand.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

PM Modi working on visa on arrival facility on the anvil for US touristsSep 21, 2014 at  02:50pm IST
PM Modi working on visa on arrival facility on the anvil for US tourists
1
0
New Delhi: India is working on a proposal for Visa on Arrival (VoA) facility for US tourists, one of the big-ticket announcements expected to be made during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high-profile visit to the US beginning September 26.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is working overtime to finish the work on the VoA proposal to finalise it in time for the Prime Minister's visit, according to government sources.
MHA in consultation with the Tourism ministry is working on the Tourist VoA under which visa can be granted to US citizens who do not have a residence or occupation in India and whose sole objective of visiting India would be recreation, sightseeing, casual visit to meet friends and relatives, etc, the sources said.
India is working on a proposal for Visa on Arrival (VoA) facility for US tourists.
#visa on arrival #us tourists #anvil #narendra modi
Under the new proposal, which is still being worked out, the stay limit is expected to be 30 days.
Initially, in January 2010 TvoA scheme was introduced for citizens of five countries and now, the facility is available for citizens of 11 countries -Finland, Japan, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Singapore, Cambodia, Vietnam, Philippines, Laos, Myanmar, Indonesia and South Korea.
However, even despite being strategic partners, there is no TVoA facility for the citizens of India and the US in each other's country. As per some estimates, the annual flow of US tourists stand around 10 lakh, currently.
The Prime Minister will be on a five-day visit to the US during which he will address the UN General Assembly in New York and then travel to Washington where he would hold bilateral talks with US President Barack Obama, who invited Modi for a meeting during a call to wish him on his victory in the Lok Sabha polls nearly four months ago.
4

HTC to launch the 64-bit octa-core Desire 820 smartphone in India on September 2329
3
New Delhi: HTC is all set to launch its recently announced Desire 820 smartphone in India on September 23. The company will be unveiling the smartphone at its event on Tuesday in New Delhi.
The HTC Desire 820 is expected to come to India for around Rs 26,000. The company will also be unveiling other smartphones, said a source with information of the matter.
The HTC Desire 820 is the successor to the Desire 816. The phone is powered by the latest Qualcomm octa-core 64-bit processor with integrated LTE modem.
The HTC Desire 820 is the successor to the Desire 816. It has a 5.5-inch 720p display and an 8 megapixel front-facing camera.
#htc desire #htc desire 820 #android #smartphones
The phone features a 5.5-inch 720p display and an 8 megapixel front-facing camera. The HTC Desire 820's rear camera has a 13 megapixel BSI sensor.
With the view to enhance the imaging experience, the phone includes Face Fusion software, allowing you to merge your features with those of a friend or celebrity for a completely original look; real time Live Makeup, which allows you to preview the image and set the desired level of skin smoothing before the image is captured; and Photo Booth, where you can capture several moments in a single image.
This Desire 820 is claimed to set new benchmarks for mid-range smartphones. With the Snapdragon 615 processor, the HTC Desire 820 is claimed to offer 4G connectivity at speeds of up to 150mbps.
The HTC Desire 820 will be available in Marble White, Tuxedo Grey, Santorini White and Milky-way Grey.
The phone was unveiled earlier this month at IFA.
242

Spanish judge indicts 9 persons for cyber fraud... 
September 21, 2014 05:19 AM EST | Associated Press
MADRID (AP) — A Spanish judge has charged nine people with fraud for allegedly participating in the theft of $45 million after a massive hacking of a bank's card payments system.
Judge Eloy Velasco of Spain's National Court said Sunday the suspects include seven Romanians and two Spaniards, who allegedly fraudulently extracted money from ATM cash dispensers in February 2013.
The judge said there is evidence the suspects belong to an international criminal organization that has also laundered money and taken part in credit card fraud.
Velasco said the cash extractions were perpetrated on a global scale and are linked to eight hackers in the United States who penetrated the security system of a company that handled an Omani bank's card payments operations.

SpaceX launches 3-D printer  other station gear...and
versions
CAPE CANAVERAL (AP) — A SpaceX cargo ship rocketed toward the International Space Station on Sunday, carrying the first 3-D printer for astronauts in orbit.
In all, the unmanned Dragon capsule is delivering more than 5,000 pounds of space station supplies for NASA.
Dragon should reach the space station Tuesday. It's the fifth station shipment for the California-based SpaceX, one of two new commercial winners in the race to start launching Americans again from home soil.
The space station was soaring over the South Pacific when the SpaceX Falcon 9 thundered into Florida's pre-dawn sky. Sunday's weather was ideal for flying, unlike Saturday, when rain forced a delay. The rocket was visible for nearly three minutes as it sped out over the Atlantic, with the Orion constellation as a backdrop.
"What a beautiful morning it was," said Sam Scimemi, NASA's space station division director.
Sunday was a red-letter day for NASA in more ways than one.
Besides the flawless launch, the space agency's Maven spacecraft was on the verge of reaching Mars. The robotic explorer was scheduled to go into orbit around Mars late Sunday night.
The space station-bound 3-D printer was developed by Made in Space, another California company. It's sturdier than Earthly models to withstand the stresses of launch, and meets NASA's strict safety standards. The space agency envisions astronauts one day cranking out spare parts as needed. For now, it's a technology demonstrator, with a bigger and better model to follow next year.
A $30 million device for measuring ocean winds is also flying up on Dragon, along with 20 mice and 30 fruit flies for biological research and metal samples for a golf club manufacturer looking to improve its products.
Much-needed spacesuit batteries are on board as well, along with the usual stash of food, clothes and electronic gear. Routine U.S. spacewalks were put on hold following last year's close call with an astronaut's flooded helmet. That problem was solved, then the battery fuses were called into question. NASA hopes to resume spacewalks next month.
NASA is paying SpaceX and Virginia-based Orbital Sciences Corp. to make regular station deliveries. The SpaceX service began two years ago.
Just this past week, SpaceX — led by billionaire Elon Musk — won an even bigger and more prestigious contract to transport U.S. astronauts to the orbiting outpost, along with Boeing. Dragon rides could begin as early as 2016 or 2017.
NASA's ability to launch its own crews ended with the shuttle program in 2011. Russia has been providing rides on its Soyuz spacecraft for a hefty price.
Another American astronaut is scheduled to blast off from Kazakhstan aboard a Russian Soyuz later this week, along with two Russians, one of them a woman, a rarity for Russia. They will join the one American, one Russian and one German already in orbit.
SpaceX was delighted with Sunday's success and the road ahead, and could hardly wait for the party to begin.
"Nothing like a good launch," observed Hans Koenigsmann, vice president of mission assurance for SpaceX. "It's just fantastic."
___

Bajaj Finance housing arm aims to give Rs 2 000 crore home loans in FY16E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Services sector FDI up marginally in April-JulyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Railway track boon for some  bane for others in flood-hit Jammu and KashmirE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Muslim body welcomes PM Narendra Modis statement oncommunityThe Forum in its resolution has urged the PM to now take remedial steps for ensuring that those of his party who are persisting with their divisive communal agenda are not permitted to do so.
Press Trust of India | Aligarh | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 3:59 pm
A body of Muslim intellectuals, on Sunday welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement lauding the patriotism of Muslims in the country.
The Forum for Muslim Studies and Analysis (FMSA) on Sunday passed a resolution stating that by acknowledging and accepting the positive contribution to the nation by this vital segment of the country’s populace, the PM has tried to assuage the collective hurt undergone by the Muslim community recently because of some vitriolic utterances by some of his own party members.
The Forum in its resolution has urged the PM to now take remedial steps for ensuring that those of his party who are persisting with their divisive communal agenda are not permitted to do so.
“This is the only way that he can ensure that the country’s development plans can bear fruit,” it said.
The resolution stressed that Muslim community was second to none in its patriotism and would thwart the evil designs of any external force which tries to disturb the peace of the country.
In a separate resolution, the FMSA expressed serious concern on a recent report that a Muslim member of the Indian Army – Subedar Ishrat Ali of Rajputana Rifles was allegedly penalised by his superior for calling out “Jai Hind”.
According to a report, his superior insisted that Ishrat Ali should instead adopt the salutation of Ram Ram or Jai Mata Di while addressing his colleagues and superiors and refrain from saying Jai Hind.
The FMSA has urged the Defence Minister to enquire into the incident and take necessary action against the guilty officer.
The signatories to the above resolutions include Prof Shahabudin Quershi, Prof Razaullah Khan, both former senior faculty members at AMU, Dr G F Sabri, Dr Nasim Ashraf and Dr Fatima Zehra.

Mars mission: ISRO geared up for a crucial manoeuvretomorrowPrint
PTI | Bangalore | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:37 pm
Ahead of India’s Mars orbiter’s scheduled rendezvous with the red planet on September 24, ISRO is all set for the crucial fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine on the spacecraft tomorrow.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) engine now in an idle mode on the Mars Orbiter Mission for 300 days will be fired for about four seconds which, if successful, will boost the confidence level of ISRO about the success of insertion of the spacecraft into the Martian orbit.
“We are all set for the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine, commands have already been loaded into the spacecraft for this event and has also been verified,” a top ranking ISRO official told PTI here.
He said the event is crucial as the engine stored in the orbit for about 300 days without operation will be restarted for testing.
“This test firing of the LAM engine is like a trial, which is going to be fired for a longer duration on September 24 for Mars Orbit Insertion,” he said. The engine will be test fired for 3.968 seconds with fuel consumption of about 0.567 kg and with a decremental velocity of 2.142 meters/second.
The MOM, India’s first interplanetary mission launched on November 5, 2013 by India’s workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh, will enter into Sphere of Influence of Mars tomorrow. On a 666 million km journey, the spacecraft escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1,2013.
In case of any problem in tomorrow’s manoeuvre, ISRO said it is ready with Plan B where in eight thrusters alone will be firing for a longer duration, probably consuming more fuel, and try to get in orbit around Mars.
In a critical act in the final moments on September 24, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit for the mission to be declared a success. The engine would be fired for 24 minutes on that day to reduce its velocity and insert it into the Martian orbit.
If the Rs 450 crore MOM mission turns out to be a success, ISRO would be the fourth space agency in the world to have sent a mission to Mars. European Space Agency (ESA) of European consortium, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) of the US and Roscosmos of Russia are the only three agencies which have so far sent their missions to the red planet.
Only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries have been successful
If the final moments on September 24 are a success, India would be the first Asian country to go to Mars and also the first to succeed in the maiden attempt.
ISRO would utilise four ground stations for the operation — Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) at Byalalu near Bangalore, Goldstone in USA, Madrid in Spain and Canberra continued…

Express LOL: 7 other things that belong to BilawalBhuttoPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:33 pm
All the world – minus the geography textbook section in each library – belongs to Bilawal Bhutto. He has the genius of KRK and the dramatic talent of Rakhi Sawant. His demand range is measured on a scale of ‘Unrealistic’ to ‘Impossible’.
After his claim that Kashmir is a province of Pakistan, we bring you a few other things that Bhutto might soon claim to be his property.
 

Asiad basketball: Indian men go down fighting to Saudi ArabiaAsiad basketball: Indian men go down fighting to Saudi Arabia
Indian men win bronze in 10m air pistol  Jitu fifth in singlesIndian men win bronze in 10m air pistol  Jitu fifth in singles
Asian Games 2014: Indian Team Claim Bronze in 10m Air PistolAsian Games 2014: Indian Team Claim Bronze in 10m Air Pistol
Bilawal one of the  daydreamers  in Pakistan: IUMLBilawal one of the  daydreamers  in Pakistan: IUML
Xi Jinping realistic  more principled than his predecessors: Dalai LamaPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 20, 2014 3:28 pm
Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama Saturday hailed Chinese President Xi Jinping as “more realistic” and said he seems to have “more principles” than his predecessors.
He said there is no need of any conflict between India and China and “the only way is (to) remain peaceful on the basis of mutual trust.”
“There are lot of changes. Since he (Xi Jinping) became President, judging him through his handling of problems, he is comparatively more realistic and with more principles,” Dalai Lama told reporters on the sidelines of a two-day conclave of nine major religion representatives, organised by him.
The Chinese President has spoken about importance of Buddhism in Chinese culture which, the Dalai Lama said, shows that leaders of a common party have the ability to act according to reality.
“Communist leaders for the first time mentioned about importance of spiritualism. This is something new,” the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader said, adding, that he had long been seeking to visit Tibet but was denied permission by China.
Jinping was in India on a three-day visit and left yesterday.
The Dalai Lama has been demanding more autonomy for Tibet, which is part of China, but so far China has been dismissive of his demands as well as status of a preeminent Tibetan leader.
Earlier in his speech, he said Indian Muslims can offer lessons in Sunni-Shia harmony as Shias, who are a minority sect in Islam, appear more safe in India than a Muslim country like Pakistan.
He stressed on the importance of inter-religious harmony as we are all human beings and said religious leaders need to rise above dogmas to reach out to everybody including atheists.

Neal Stephensons failed $500 000 video game and the perils of using KickstarterWould have been a cool game...(Reuters/Susana Vera)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 20, 2014
Neal Stephenson, the celebrated author of sci-fi classics Snow Crash and Cryptonomicon, began working on a sword-fighting video game called Clang in 2012 and raised $526,000 on Kickstarter . “I’m dissatisfied with how sword-fighting is portrayed in existing video games,” he said at the time. “These could be so much more fun than they are. Time for a revolution.” One year ago, Stephenson announced that they had burned through the half-million, asked people to be “patient,” and said they were looking for extra money. And on Sept. 18, a year after that last update, Stephenson announced to his backers that the project was dead in the water .
It turns out that after two years of work, the game that Stephenson and his team, Subutai, delivered was boring. “The prototype was technically innovative, but it wasn’t very fun to play,” he said, adding that “I probably focused too much on historical accuracy and not enough on making it sufficiently fun to attract additional investment.” Stephenson said that the team had come up with lots of new and cool ideas and would begin working on those instead. They had processed refunds for more than 30 people who had asked for them—a total of just $700. The author added that he and his team had taken some large financial hits, without saying how much. “They showed intense dedication and dogged focus that I think most of our backers would find moving if the whole story were told,” Stephenson said.
Would they? The comments from backers on Stephenson’s final update are mixed. “Subutai have lied to us and defrauded us,” backer  Zarlan  said. “Aside from the T-shirts and the occasional other extra bits, no pledge rewards have been delivered (not even the $10-level reward). We have every right to demand a refund, at the very least.”
Others didn’t want their money back. “I would say ‘keep my money’ except that I understand that you already spent it trying to do something cool, which is what I paid for in the first place,” another replied. Many were happy to lose their money—but unhappy at the lack of communication and transparency during the whole process.  Lafazar  said: “I feel this project has been particularly badly managed. Other game/software projects on Kickstarter have achieved far more with far less. Also it is still unclear to me what the money has actually been used for.” Eight Clang backers had pledged $10,000 or more.
What obligation is owed to those who backed a failed crowdfunding campaign? Kickstarter has always noted that backers give  at their own risk . Some backers in the comments referred to Clang’s polar opposite, the most successful company to come out of a crowdfunding campaign. Oculus VR, which makes the Rift virtual reality goggles, started out raising $250,000 on Kickstarter, ended up raising $2.4 million, and was bought by Facebook for $2 billion . In that instance, the backers received no compensation for the outcome and many said the company didn’t care about them —Oculus was merely looking to be bought.
That said, everyone knew they were putting money into the development of Clang or Oculus, not investing in them. And these kinds of projects are not cheap; many of the video game projects on Kickstarter are funded to the tune of millions of dollars . As Kickstarter and other crowdfunding sites become more mature, the tension between those backing projects as early adopters and those backing them purely as passion projects remains.
Clang falls between both categories, with some wanting an actual game (which was never delivered) and some wanting to back a hero—one Clang backer, Miguel Pinto , who seemed sanguine about the situation, said: “I’ll settle for a copy (could be digital) of Neal’s next awesome novel! :)”
Share this:

Jet  set  grounded! Indian tycoons famed for lifestyles land in soupThey were famed for their jet-set lifestyles and the names of their companies were emblazoned on airplanes, Formula One cars and the shirtfronts of cricket teams.
   
But now the debt-laden empires of three of India's best-known tycoons — Vijay Mallya, Subrata Roy and T Venkattram Reddy —  are crumbling before their eyes, downfalls that observers say stem from a climate of weak regulation and deference to conspicuous wealth.
   
"All too often, the banks are dazzled by the halo of personal fortunes," said Vishwas Utagi, a veteran campaigner for banking regulation.
   
Some of India's most successful businesses, such as the family-run Tata and Reliance conglomerates, have been led for years by men with little appetite for publicity and who prefer to operate in the shadows.
   
But Kingfisher boss Mallya and Sahara supremo Roy came to epitomise a new breed of tycoon, unafraid of trumpeting their achievements when they started making a name for themselves in the early 2000s.
   
Mallya —  the self-styled "King of Good Times" —  became something of an icon as he turned the United Breweries Group which he inherited from his father into one of the world's largest spirit makers.
After selling the liquor business to Diageo in a bid to shore up his airline, Mallya looked on helplessly as Kingfisher continued to haemorrhage cash. (File Photo)
   
As his core business flourished, Mallya branched out by launching the Kingfisher airline, named after his company's best-known beer. His profile rose further when he acquired a stake in the Force India F1 team and ownership of the Royal Challengers Bangalore cricket team.
Selling hotels for bail 
    
But as the Indian economy began to slow sharply at the turn of the decade, with the aviation industry becoming one of the sectors to be worst hit, Mallya's fortunes nosedived too.
   
After selling the liquor business to Diageo in a bid to shore up his airline, Mallya looked on helplessly as Kingfisher continued to haemorrhage cash. The airline never took to the skies again after a pilots' strike over unpaid wages in 2012.
   
Having run out of patience over Mallya's failure to clear debts said to be in excess of $60 million, the United Bank of India this month declared him a "wilful defaulter", making it nigh impossible to access fresh loans.
   
While Mallya is fighting to keep his properties from creditors, Roy is trying to sell his portfolio of luxury hotels -- including New York's Plaza Hotel and the Grosvenor House in London -- to raise the $1.6 billion he needs to secure bail from Delhi's Tihar Prison.
Roy was detained after failing to meet a demand by regulators to pay back millions of small savers the $3.2 billion that Sahara raised via an illegal bond scheme. (File Photo)
   
While he has several media interests, including a Hindi TV channel and newspaper, Roy's profile was heightened by his co-ownership with Mallya of Force India and involvement in cricket.
   
As well as sponsoring the national side, Sahara set up a Pune-based franchise to enter the glitzy Indian Premier League (IPL).
   
The team's expulsion from the IPL at the end of last year's tournament in a dispute over finances hinted that all was not well.
   
Things dramatically worsened in March when Roy was detained after failing to meet a demand by regulators to pay back millions of small savers the $3.2 billion that Sahara raised via an illegal bond scheme.
   
Palatial splendour
    
While Roy owns homes modelled on the White House and Buckingham Palace, Reddy's penchant is for luxury cars with a fleet which reportedly included a Rolls Royce Phantom.
   
He also couldn't resist the glamour of the IPL, buying the Deccan Chargers franchise before it went bust in 2012.
   
While Roy's fortune was self-made, Reddy and his brother T. Vinayak Ravi Reddy inherited the ownership of the Deccan Chronicle from their father.
   
The Hyderabad newspaper's prestige enabled them to draw loans for riskier ventures including a chain of bookstores and a chartered jet company.
Reddy and his brother T. Vinayak Ravi Reddy inherited the ownership of the Deccan Chronicle from their father. (File Photo)
   
Even if the cricket team is no longer sucking money, the Reddys are struggling to keep the wolf from the door and lenders have already seized several of their properties.
   
Tamal Bandyopadhyay, author of a book on Sahara, said a weak regulatory framework enabled tycoons to build up debts that should never have been allowed.
   
"Mallya is a case of over-stretching and over-leveraging, while Roy is the case of exploiting regulatory arbitrage or the loopholes in regulation," Bandyopadhyay told AFP.
   
Utagi, a retired bank worker who is vice president of the All India Bank Employees' Association, said there were too many "pliable people" in the industry who face little comeback if money they lend is not repaid.
   
"When it comes to credit appraisals for corporates, the rules are more often honoured in the breach than the observance," he said.
   
Bandyopadhyay said the ambitions of Indian tycoons were rarely held in check as they were "surrounded by sycophants".
   

Uddhav s final offer to end seat-sharing impasse: 151 for Sena  119 for BJPBJP
(Shiv Sena today made…)
MUMBAI: Beyond the alliance arithmetic, there seems to be little chemistry left between Shiv Sena and BJP leaders. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday while publicly making a "final offer" of just 119 seats to BJP chose the occasion to complain about lack of consultation during the distribution of portfolios and formation of the Central government four months ago.
Soon after Uddhav's speech, the state BJP leadership rejected the offer. Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde, the Oppositon leaders in the assembly and the legislative council, held a press conference in Delhi on Sunday to announce that the party has refused to accept this proposal. "There is no final offer when talks are going on," said Tawde, angry over Uddhav going public with the offer.
Earlier in the day, Uddhav also talked about his father Bal Thackeray's role in saving Narendra Modi at the hour of his worst crisis in 2002. Terming this political crisis the biggest test of his life, an emotionally charged Uddhav directed his ire at Modi seeking to draw him into the seat-sharing deadlock with references to past PMs, BJP old guard's relationship with the Thackerays and the medieval dominance of Delhi, which the Maratha empire resisted.
So far, Modi had kept himself out of the negotiations and this seemed to have irked Uddhav. "The BJP must not forget that when the whole world was out to oust Narendra Modi as Gujarat CM, it was my father who told LK Advani that Modi must stay. We have had a long association with the BJP. But the new leadership of the party seems to be taking us for granted. This is not acceptable to us," Uddhav told his party men at Bandra in Mumbai.
Speaking to cheering Shiv Sainiks, Uddhav said, "it is really unfortunate that instead of launching the campaign we are right now haggling over seat-sharing. The first proposal that came to us was of 135 seats each for Sena and BJP. They said they had decided the formula. But how could they do that without taking us along. Then they told me we are willing to give some more seats, I told them that they had no right to give. Those were our seats and we would decide whether to give them away. In LS polls, the BJP fought one more seat and we did not complain about the portfolios later. Now how can we accept everything that they decide".
The Rang Sharada auditorium had an electrifying atmosphere with Sainiks mobbing the state, chanting slogans. Uddhav reminded his party men that this was the place where Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray announced many major political decisions.
"I am doing this for the Shiv Sainiks. On every seat there are 15 to 20 aspirants. How can we give away our quota to others. I do not care if the alliance stays or not. We are from the land of Chhtrapati Shivaji who challenged the domination of Delhi," Uddhav said.
Taking a dig at PM Modi during his speech Uddhav said "Does anybody here remember the full name of PM Deve Gowda? Those occupying the PM's post must not forget their past. A tea vendor can become PM. We too have aspirations. Senior BJP leaders like Vajpayee and Advani used to be respectful to Balasaheb Thackeray but the new leadership of the BJP is taking Shiv Sena for granted."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Backlog in issuance of RuPay cards as JDY A/Cs zoomBacklog in issuance of RuPay cards as JDY A/Cs zoom
Diesel prices have been brought to market levelsDiesel prices have been brought to market levels
Retail sector to grow at 16 pc rate over next 3 yrs: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Muslim body welcomes PM Narendra Modis statement on communityThe Forum in its resolution has urged the PM to now take remedial steps for ensuring that those of his party who are persisting with their divisive communal agenda are not permitted to do so.
Press Trust of India | Aligarh | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 3:59 pm
A body of Muslim intellectuals, on Sunday welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement lauding the patriotism of Muslims in the country.
The Forum for Muslim Studies and Analysis (FMSA) on Sunday passed a resolution stating that by acknowledging and accepting the positive contribution to the nation by this vital segment of the country’s populace, the PM has tried to assuage the collective hurt undergone by the Muslim community recently because of some vitriolic utterances by some of his own party members.
The Forum in its resolution has urged the PM to now take remedial steps for ensuring that those of his party who are persisting with their divisive communal agenda are not permitted to do so.
“This is the only way that he can ensure that the country’s development plans can bear fruit,” it said.
The resolution stressed that Muslim community was second to none in its patriotism and would thwart the evil designs of any external force which tries to disturb the peace of the country.
In a separate resolution, the FMSA expressed serious concern on a recent report that a Muslim member of the Indian Army – Subedar Ishrat Ali of Rajputana Rifles was allegedly penalised by his superior for calling out “Jai Hind”.
According to a report, his superior insisted that Ishrat Ali should instead adopt the salutation of Ram Ram or Jai Mata Di while addressing his colleagues and superiors and refrain from saying Jai Hind.
The FMSA has urged the Defence Minister to enquire into the incident and take necessary action against the guilty officer.
The signatories to the above resolutions include Prof Shahabudin Quershi, Prof Razaullah Khan, both former senior faculty members at AMU, Dr G F Sabri, Dr Nasim Ashraf and Dr Fatima Zehra.

Mars mission: ISRO geared up for a crucial manoeuvre tomorrowPrint
PTI | Bangalore | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:37 pm
Ahead of India’s Mars orbiter’s scheduled rendezvous with the red planet on September 24, ISRO is all set for the crucial fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine on the spacecraft tomorrow.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) engine now in an idle mode on the Mars Orbiter Mission for 300 days will be fired for about four seconds which, if successful, will boost the confidence level of ISRO about the success of insertion of the spacecraft into the Martian orbit.
“We are all set for the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine, commands have already been loaded into the spacecraft for this event and has also been verified,” a top ranking ISRO official told PTI here.
He said the event is crucial as the engine stored in the orbit for about 300 days without operation will be restarted for testing.
“This test firing of the LAM engine is like a trial, which is going to be fired for a longer duration on September 24 for Mars Orbit Insertion,” he said. The engine will be test fired for 3.968 seconds with fuel consumption of about 0.567 kg and with a decremental velocity of 2.142 meters/second.
The MOM, India’s first interplanetary mission launched on November 5, 2013 by India’s workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh, will enter into Sphere of Influence of Mars tomorrow. On a 666 million km journey, the spacecraft escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1,2013.
In case of any problem in tomorrow’s manoeuvre, ISRO said it is ready with Plan B where in eight thrusters alone will be firing for a longer duration, probably consuming more fuel, and try to get in orbit around Mars.
In a critical act in the final moments on September 24, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit for the mission to be declared a success. The engine would be fired for 24 minutes on that day to reduce its velocity and insert it into the Martian orbit.
If the Rs 450 crore MOM mission turns out to be a success, ISRO would be the fourth space agency in the world to have sent a mission to Mars. European Space Agency (ESA) of European consortium, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) of the US and Roscosmos of Russia are the only three agencies which have so far sent their missions to the red planet.
Only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries have been successful
If the final moments on September 24 are a success, India would be the first Asian country to go to Mars and also the first to succeed in the maiden attempt.
ISRO would utilise four ground stations for the operation — Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) at Byalalu near Bangalore, Goldstone in USA, Madrid in Spain and Canberra continued…

Express LOL: 7 other things that belong to Bilawal BhuttoPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:33 pm
All the world – minus the geography textbook section in each library – belongs to Bilawal Bhutto. He has the genius of KRK and the dramatic talent of Rakhi Sawant. His demand range is measured on a scale of ‘Unrealistic’ to ‘Impossible’.
After his claim that Kashmir is a province of Pakistan, we bring you a few other things that Bhutto might soon claim to be his property.
 

http://usat.ly/1v5AHdOOhio creator of Slush Puppies dead at age 74
Will Radcliff built a multimillion-dollar global business from flavored, icy drinks.
Post to Facebook
Ohio creator of Slush Puppies dead at age 74 Will Radcliff built a multimillion-dollar global business from flavored, icy drinks. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uk6JC5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ohio creator of Slush Puppies dead at age 74
Dan Sewell, The Associated Press 3:31 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
Hawaiian Shave Ice
449 CONNECT 24 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CINCINNATI (AP) — Will Radcliff, who built a multimillion-dollar global business from flavored, icy Slush Puppie drinks, has died in Cincinnati. He was 74.
His daughter DeeAnn Radcliff Harmon said Radcliff died Thursday in hospice care after his health declined following a recent fall.
Radcliff was a natural salesman who once peddled vacuum cleaners door-to-door and earned a six-figure income from selling peanuts.
"He had a bigger-than-life personality," his daughter said Friday. "He could sell anything to anybody."
Radcliff had spotted a slush machine at a 1970 Chicago trade show and saw the possibilities of icy sweet drinks that could be made for a few pennies. He thought the sound of icy crystals hitting the cup, the smell and taste of flavorings and the texture pleased all the senses.
The family story goes that he, sister Phyllis and their mother, Thelma, sat on a front porch drinking beer and writing down possible names on a brown paper bag before agreeing that Slush Puppie was the best candidate. It would become represented by a toboggan-wearing, floppy-eared dog.
Cherry, grape, orange and lemon-lime were among the earliest flavors. Sales boomed and business spread, with Slush Puppie machines becoming a staple in many convenience stores. Distributorships from Australia to Africa made Slush Puppie global, and London-based Cadbury Schweppes bought the Slush Puppie Company in 2001.
Radcliff also had a frozen cocktail business, among other business operations.
Harmon said her father's first regular job was shining shoes at a country club, and he later kept a vow to return to the club someday as a member.
Radcliff owned a 4,000-acre ranch in Umatilla, Fla., and worked for land conservation amid central Florida's growth, his daughter said. He had a Lear jet he piloted himself many times, she said.
She said he had many favorite sayings that guided his life, such as "Where there's a will, there's a way," ''If it ain't fun, to hell with it," and "Once you break through the clouds, it's always sunny."
Willard Lawson Radcliff was born in Dayton, Ky. He is survived by his daughter, son Chris Radcliff, a brother and sister, and four grandchildren. Mueller Funeral Home of Mason, Ohio, is handling arrangements.
Contact the reporter at http://www.twitter.com/dansewell
449 CONNECT 24 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uk6JC5
USA NOW
Three grandmas smoke weed for first time
Nov 22, 2014

http://usat.ly/1wUGJ5dFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white
Groupon may be based in one of the nation's most diverse cities but its work force is not.
Post to Facebook
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white Groupon may be based in one of the nation's most diverse cities but its work force is not. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saSinJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
19
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 4 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
Employees at Groupon pose in silhouette by the company logo in the lobby of the online coupon company's Chicago offices.
(Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP)
88 CONNECT 80 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Groupon is headquartered in Chicago where a third of the population is black and nearly a third is Hispanic.
But the city's Internet powerhouse does not reflect that rich diversity.
The overwhelming majority of Groupon's 12,000 employees in the U.S. are white — 71% — while 4% are black and 5% are Hispanic.
Voices: Silicon Valley has a diversity deficit
The numbers are even more anemic when it comes to leadership in the company: 88% of leaders around the world are white and 76% of leaders in the U.S. are white. In the U.S., blacks and Hispanics each account for 1% of Groupon leaders.
Women fare better at Groupon. Around the world, 53% of the company's workforce is male. But women make up a fraction of leadership at the company and account for 18% of tech workers.
In a blog post disclosing the diversity of its workforce for the first time, Groupon claimed to have an "inclusive culture."
But Nadia Rawlinson, Groupon's vice president of human resources, conceded, "we recognize that there is more we can do."

PM chose not to warn those spewing venom against Muslims: AzamPM chose not to warn those spewing venom against Muslims: Azam
Businesses leaving for Andhra Pradesh   tax base eroding- Telengana governmentBusinesses leaving for Andhra Pradesh   tax base eroding- Telengana government
France launches air strikes in IraqFrance launches air strikes against Isis in Iraq
By Adam Thomson in Paris and Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b2b9110-3fe8-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shinique Smith Is The Renaissance Woman Of Contemporary Artreddit
Shinique Smith is a Renaissance woman. She studied ballet when she was just four years old. She trained at the Baltimore School for the arts, honing her life drawing skills at just 12. She spent a chunk of high school tagging buildings with a local graffiti crew. Then she dove into the tradition of Japanese calligraphy in graduate school at the Maryland Institute College of Art.
Top top if off, Smith's mother Vkara Phifer-Smith -- the sole parent who raised her -- is a former fashion editor who introduced her daughter to the more unconventional aspirations of fashion. Perhaps that's why Smith is just as keen to incorporate swooping text and neon nests of color, as she is found objects and bunched-up patterned fabric.
Given her history, Smith's layered installations and chaotic paintings appear like the vibrant, carefully collected debris of her life and career. Any given piece can combine the dynamism of dance, the dripping aesthetic of street art, the textural complexity of forgotten clothing and the subtle brushwork of calligraphy, all in one frame.
Like psychedelic versions of Rauschenberg's multimedia canvases, or beautifully curated artifacts from a hoarder's sanctuary, Smith seeks to tell human stories through her abstract creations. She's conjured the spirit of the civil rights movement, the memories of an ex-boyfriend and the scribbles of an anonymous child, often without the faintest glimpse of a human form. Accumulation and consumption are themes that pierce through her work.
" I think my work is very American, and the way we consume and cast off is unique to us ," she explained to The New York Times last year.
Smith's tantalizing imagery is currently on view at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston , in a show appropriately dubbed " Bright Matter ." The title leaves enough wiggle room for Smith to present pieces like "When Shadows Fall," a mixture of ghostly paint strokes and celestial designs, alongside "Bale Vartiant No. 0021," a hay bale-esque tower of clothes. The entire exhibition will showcase 30 works from the last decade, spanning paintings, sculptures, full-room installations, video, and performance.
Smith is also harkening back to her graffiti roots by designing a 70 by 76-foot mural on the Rose F. Kennedy Greenway at Boston's Dewey Square. Set to be completed on Tuesday, September 23, "Seven Moon Junction" " draws inspiration from various sources such as alchemy, astrology, music and the mythology and art of indigenous cultures ." While we wait for the mammoth mural to be unveiled, check out a preview of "Bright Matter" below.
Through native streets, 2011

Post-it eating insider trader pleads guiltyPost-it note eating insider trader pleads guilty
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 19, 2014: 4:06 PM ET
Who's hungry? Insider trader ate his Post-it notes after passing stock tips.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The middleman in a $5.6 million insider trading scheme has admitted to passing stock tips on Post-it notes and then eating the evidence.
Frank Tamayo, a 41-year-old Brooklyn man, surrendered Friday morning to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and pleaded guilty in Federal Court in New Jersey.
Prosecutors say Tamayo received information about upcoming corporate deals from Steven Metro, the head clerk at a corporate law firm in New York.
Tamayo then handed that information over to Vladimir Eydelman, a stock broker at Oppenheimer ( OPY ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS ). Eydelman in turn used it to trade stocks for Tamayo and other customers.
Metro and Eydelman were charged separately in March.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed civil charges against all three men.
In an awkward attempt to be stealthy, Tamayo would write a stock ticker on a piece of paper, usually a Post-it note or a napkin, which he would show to Eydelman, indicating that the stock was a buy.
Tamayo would then put the paper in his mouth "and chewed it until it was destroyed," according to prosecutors.
Related: Former SAC manager gets 9 years in prison
The information exchange between Tamayo, a mortgage broker, and Eydelman would take place at locations near his office, including a spot near the clock in New York City's Grand Central Station and a midtown coffee shop.
"Tamayo was the firewall between Metro and Eydelman," said Robert Cohen, an official with the Securities and Exchange Commission. "Metro had the information, Eydelman did the trading, and Tamayo kept them apart."
The scheme started in 2009, when Metro met Tamayo at a bar in New York City and started talking stocks over drinks. According to the SEC, Metro told Tamayo about a $500 million investment Liberty Media planned to make in SiriusXM, which prompted Tamayo to call Eydelman.
Over the next five years, Metro divulged information on at least 13 different deals that his firm, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, was working on, including mergers and acquisitions.
Related: Five famous insider trading cases
Metro found potential inside tips by searching his firm's data base for keywords such as "merger agreement," "bid letter," "engagement letter," and "due diligence."
Eydelman also took steps to cover his tracks. The stock broker would send emails to Tamayo outlining his thoughts on why he recommended buying a particular stock. By sending emails that seemed part of his job and innocuous, prosecutors said, he hoped to leave a paper trail that created the appearance that the trade was based on legitimate research and not inside information.
Tamayo's attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 4:06 PM ET
Most Popular

As Sarkozy returns to politics  lets remind ourselves how he fared as Frances presidentShare
Tap image to zoom
None of these stats are great. Many problems were due to the financial crash and the ensuing European debt crisis, but Sarkozy tried to address them partly by challenging France’s comfortable way of life: by  raising the retirement age  from 60 to 62. (Other countries have long ago crossed this bridge: Germany’s retirement age is 67 and the UK’s is 68, for example.) Sarkozy said in his post that he has reflected and learned from his mistakes.
And the problems of high unemployment and stagnant growth continue to haunt Hollande, whose  approval rating is around 13% (link in French). Farmers are protesting against falling living standards by setting fire to tax offices . The mood in France is fairly grim. Perhaps Sarkozy feels the French know they made the wrong choice.
Yet his return may also be a boon to Hollande; few figures in French politics are as divisive as Sarkozy. Many French voted against Sarkozy, rather than for his successor, making him the first president in France who ran and failed to be re-elected since 1981. “The speed and glee with which the ruling party reacted to news of the ex-president’s comeback show how much it needs its primary hate figure,” the BBC’s Paris correspondent Hugh Schofield wrote . At any rate, Sarkozy’s comeback makes the 2017 election feel an awful lot closer.
 

Naveen expels BJD leader for calling him dullPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:13 am
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday expelled senior party leader Prafulla Ghadai after he described him as “physically and mentally dull” in an interview to an Oriya daily.
Ghadai, a former minister, was denied the BJD ticket in this year’s Assembly elections. In an interview to Sambad, he described Naveen as a “wonder”, who does not understand anything, but continues to be the chief
“The people of the state have only tolerated him due to the absence of a strong opposition,” he said in the interview published on Saturday. “He never does anything on
own and usually depends on someone or the other. Though he was earlier dependent on Pyari Babu (Rajya Sabha MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra), now he is physically and mentally dull. He is in the clutches of a few businessmen,” said the 74-year-old former BJD vice-president.
“There is no democracy in the BJD. It has become a one-man party. There is no meeting and discussion between the party supremo and the party leaders and workers,” he said.
Hours after the newspaper hit the stands, a livid Naveen summoned Ghadai’s MLA son Pritiranjan Ghadai to his residence. Soon after, Naveen announced that Ghadai has been expelled for anti-party activities. Later, Ghadai said the people would judge whether the action taken against him was right.

Round 2 in Android One war: New phones may hit market by Dec-endRound 2 in Android One war: New phones may hit market by Dec-end
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Enthused by the initial response to Google’s Android One, handset makers Karbonn, Spice and Intex are gearing up for round two with a slew of smartphone launches beginning December this year.
The first set of Android One devices were launched last week, priced Rs 6,399 onwards by Micromax, Karbonn and Spice.
Karbonn is expected to be among the first ones to launch newer Android One devices in the country.
“Smartphone penetration in India still remains low and we believe there is still a huge scope...We will look at bringing in a device by December-end,” Karbonn Mobiles Executive Director Shashin Devsare told PTI.
India is the first country where the US-based firm’s Android One devices have been launched.
Similarly, Spice is also looking at unveiling its second Android One smartphone in the January-March quarter of next year, its Chairman and Group CEO Dilip Modi said.
“Our intent is to offer consumers a wide variety of products packed with features across various price points. We already have one of the most affordable smartphones with Firefox and we will continue to bring affordable devices to the market,” he added.
Google is rolling out the programme, which aims to bring affordable smartphone to the masses, across other markets like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will follow in the coming months.
It has also included new partners including Acer, Alcatal OneTouch, HTC, Asus and Lenovo, along with Indian brands like Xolo, Lava and Intex to bring in devices with various specifications across price points.
By associating with Google as part of the Android one ecosystem, Intex will offer customers an enhanced experience, something unique in terms of design, pricing and functionality, Intex Business Head (Mobile) Sanjay Kalirona said.
“We are actively working on bringing out the device to the market. It takes about 3—4 months for any final product to be made available in the market,” Kalirona said but declined to comment on when the device would hit the market.
However, sources said Intex could unveil its device by January next year.
Analysts feel Android One will lead a fiercer competition in the mid-range smartphone market with firms offering better experience at price points in the range of Rs 6,000-10,000.
While the initial launch of the Android One handsets was done in partnership with eCommerce firms Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart, the handset makers would sell them through brick and mortar stores as well, which will further fuel competition.
According to research firm IDC, Micromax, Karbonn and Lava (top 5 vendors among total shipment as well as smartphone sales) together accounted for over 30 per cent of the market (in both cases).
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra elections: BJP unhappy with Shiv Sena s seat sharing offer  25-year-old alliance may break37
0
Mumbai: The 25-year-old alliance of the Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata party is now on the verge of collapse as both the parties have refused to bow down over the seat sharing issue for Maharashtra Assembly elections.
The Sena has proposed a new offer to the BJP on Sunday and gave them 119 seats, 18 to other allies and kept 151 for itself. The BJP said it was unhappy with the proposal as the contested on 119 seats in 2009 Assembly elections too.
BJP leader Eknath Khadse said, "We are not happy with the offer given to us by the Shiv Sena. It did not compromise on the seats that they gave us. We just want the seats that they never win."
#maharashtra polls #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp
The BJP said, "BJP wining percentage is 65 and Shiv Sena is only wininng 45 per cent of seats."
The BJP also reminded Sena once again that while the former has always sacrificed for the latter, but the party has never returned the favour.
BJP leader Vinod Tawde, "BJP-Shiv Sena alliance is very old. Seat sharing needs to be such that Congress is defeated. Such issues need to be discussed face to face."
Meanwhile, Sena has also put pressure on the BJP by calling a meeting at 3 PM to decide candidates for the elections. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said he was doing his best to save the alliance and also threatened to break the alliance if the BJP remains adamant.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said, "We can give BJP 119 seats to the BJP and 18 to other smaller parties. BJP's OP Mathur was trying to negotiate on seats. I reminded them they are not givers but takers on this land. We are making a last attempt to save the alliance. Regardless of whether alliance stays or not, we will fight everywhere. Victory will be ours."
Uddhav has also reminded Prime Minister Narendra Modi that it was Sena's Bal Thackeray who backed him after the Godhra riots.
Making an emotional pitch, Thackeray said, "The BJP-Sena alliance is not about seats. It is about the Hindutva ideology. BJP and Sena have been united over that ideology. There was a time when people wanted to remove Narendra Modi. LK Advani had consulted Balasaheb. It was Balasaheb who said that if you remove Modi, Gujarat will be finished."
10

Locals cry for basic amenities on the 6th anniverasry of Balta encounterSep 21, 2014 at 02:15pm IST
Locals cry for basic amenities on the 6th anniverasry of Balta encounter
3
1
New Delhi: Six years have gone by but the stigma of the infamous Batla House encounter still haunts residents of the largely Muslim-dominated locality in the heart of South Delhi, who also have been grappling with a range of issues like lack of proper roads, water supply and other necessities.
The residents feel politicians have not paid any heed to their repeated demands for basic infrastructure as they are more interested in "gaining political mileage" rather than addressing their grievances.
The encounter had taken place at flat no. L-18, Batla House in Jamia Nagar locality on September 19, 2008, six days after serial bomb blasts rocked Delhi, killing 26 people and injuring 133 others.
Six years gone but the stigma of the infamous Batla House encounter still haunts residents of the largely Muslim-dominated locality.
#balta encounter #basic amenities #digvijay singh #muslim
Of the five flat occupants, Atif Ameen and Mohd Sajid were killed during the encounter. Highly-decorated Delhi Police Inspector Mohan Chand Sharma succumbed to the bullet injuries sustained during the encounter while head constable Balwant was injured.
Congress leader Digvijay Singh had dubbed the encounter as "fake", triggering a major controversy and a war of words between BJP and Congress.
"It has been six years but still we face harassment by police. We still face the ghost of the encounter. Early this year police had held two youths of an adjoining area here," said Dinesh Verma, a student of Jamia Millia Islamia, who lives in the area.
Another resident Pravin claimed that the percentage of utilisation of the MPLAD (Member of Parliament Local Area Development) was among the lowest in the area.
The encounter had led to arrest of a number of local people, leading to widespread allegations and protests by a number of civil society groups, activists especially teachers and students of the university.
Talking about the developmental issues Babu Singh Sejwal said water supply in the area has been very poor and despite "repeated" pleas to the authorities, nothing has changed.
"The roads are in bad shape. Innumerable shops and small eateries have eaten up major portion of the roads," Sejwal said.
The area mostly has small retail shops and small scale industrial units. A number of businessmen claimed that there was very little scope for investment in their businesses in the area.
"The area is a residential one. You will mostly find small eateries, general stores and goods of daily use here. The area doesn't even have big brand eateries or shops or even ATMs or banks," a trader said.
He added, "People here live in a kind of fear even today. Largely the area population is of university students which is good in a way, but these youths are always on the radars of police. Which has increased the raids and patrolling here causing discomfort to locals. Which is one reason why people are dubious towards being liberal."
Kamakshi, also a student of the Jamia Millia university, said: "Politicians come here only ahead of elections. They are not bothered about lack of basic infrastructure in the area."
2

New Zealand PM John Key to retain position for three more yearsNew Zealand PM John Key to retain position for three more years
ONGC  Reliance Industries  2 Others Lose Rs 39 391 Crore in Market CapitalisationONGC  Reliance Industries  2 Others Lose Rs 39 391 Crore in Market Capitalisation
Mars mission: ISRO all set for crucial manoeuvre on MondayMars mission: ISRO all set for crucial manoeuvre on Monday
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Sep 21:  
Ahead of India’s Mars orbiter’s scheduled rendezvous with the red planet on September 24, ISRO is all set for the crucial fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine on the spacecraft tomorrow.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) engine, now in an idle mode on the Mars Orbiter Mission for 300 days, will be fired for about four seconds which, if successful, will boost the confidence level of ISRO about the success of insertion of the spacecraft into the Martian orbit.
“We are all set for the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine, commands have already been loaded into the spacecraft for this event and have also been verified,” a top ranking ISRO official told PTI here.
He said the event is crucial as the engine stored in the orbit for about 300 days without operation will be restarted for testing.
“This test firing of the LAM engine is like a trial, which is going to be fired for a longer duration on September 24 for Mars Orbit Insertion,” he said. The engine will be test fired for 3.968 seconds with fuel consumption of about 0.567 kg and with a decremental velocity of 2.142 meters/second.
The MOM, India’s first interplanetary mission launched on November 5, 2013, by India’s workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh, will enter into the Sphere of Influence of Mars tomorrow.
On a 666-million-km journey, the spacecraft escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1,2013.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Will take back Kashmir  not leave an inch of it if PPP comes to power: Bilawal Bhutto Zardari"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," said Bilawal Bhutto.
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 20, 2014 2:04 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 12:02 pm
By PTI and ENS
Pakistan People’s Party leader Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has said that his party would take back entire Kashmir from India if it comes to power. His remarks, made at a party workers’ meeting, drew sharp criticism from India, with the ruling BJP describing them as “childish” and “irresponsible”.
“I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan,” said Bilawal, in his 20s, addressing PPP workers on Friday night. He was flanked by former prime ministers Yousaf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Asharaf.
India termed as “far from reality” the comment of the PPP leader and asserted the integrity and unity of the country was “non-negotiable”.
“We are in the process of looking forward and looking forward does not mean that our borders will be changed. We made it very clear that as far as we are concerned, the integrity and unity of India is non-negotiable,” External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said. He said Bilawal’s remarks were “far from reality which takes us back into the past century”.
Condemning Bilawal’s comments, BJP national secretary Srikant Sharma said: “It was a very childish and irresponsible statement. He should go back to history and learn that whenever this kind of thoughts came to their leaders and they acted, Indian soldiers had given them a befitting reply.”
BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said, “Kashmir is very much a part of India and will remain so. Any discussion on it is not acceptable to us. Kashmir resides in the hearts of Indians.”

Binny refutes allegations by AAPs Alka Lamba  says FB page may be made by AAPBinny refutes allegations by AAPs Alka Lamba  says FB page may be made by AAP
Saradha scam: Chidambaram s wife questioned by CBI25
2
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation sleuths on Saturday interrogated senior advocate and wife of former Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram in connection with the multi-crore Saradha scam.
The questioning comes after Nalini Chidambaram was named by Sudipto Sen, one of the key accused  of the scam.
Sen had alleged that several people blackmailed him and had taken money from him assuring him protection. He had also said that she had pressured him to invest in a TV channel.
The questioning comes after Nalini Chidambaram was named by Sudipto Sen, one of the key accused  of the scam.
#nalini chidambaram #p chidambaram #saradha scam #cbi
The letter mentions Nalini Chidambaram, who was the lawyer for a deal between Sudipta Sen and the Narasimha Rao government minister Matang Sinh and his wife Manoranjana Sinh to buy a channel in the Northeast.
It was reported in 2013 that Chidambaram had engaged as a senior advocate to appear on behalf of Manoranjana Sinh and her husband and a Narasimha Rao government minister Matang Sinh in a company petition filed by her before the company law board against M/4 Positive TV Ltd.
27

BJP says nothing new in Shiv Senas offer  hopes to mutually settle seat-sharingrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 4:29 pm
Squabbling over seat-sharing showed no signs of resolution on Sunday with the BJP saying there was “nothing new” in Shiv Sena’s final offer to give it 119 seats for upcoming Maharashtra Assembly polls and hoped it can be mutually settled.
Hours after Uddhav Thackeray’s tough talk in Mumbai on seat-sharing and that Sena cannot give beyond 119 seats, BJP told its old alliance partner that it was the duty of both the parties to continue the tie-up and sort out issues instead of going through the media, in remarks directed at the Sena chief.
The party also termed Thackeray’s final offer to it as being “nothing new” as the BJP has been contesting on 119 seats ever since the alliance came into being.
Reacting cautiously, leaders of opposition in Maharashtra Assembly and Legislative Council Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde said here the party wants Sena to renegotiate on such seats that they never won in the last 25 years, so that they are not given to the NCP-Congress alliance on a platter in the upcoming polls.
“There is nothing new in the latest Shiv Sena offer as BJP has been contesting 119 seats ever since the alliance came into being. We want the alliance to continue. It is the duty of both Shiv Sena and BJP to maintain the alliance.
“We have 25 year-old ties and seat-sharing issue can be sorted out mutually through face to face talks and not through media (TV),” Tawde told reporters in a hurriedly convened press conference.
Khadse said, “Shiv Sena has been losing on 35 seats while we have been losing on 19, if these were to be re allocated then we would all benefit instead of these seats going automatically to Congress-NCP alliance.”
“Many such seats had been lost by narrow margin in the previous elections. That was the thought and mindset behind the proposal for the 135 seats,” he said.
However, the BJP leaders also said they were ready to accept 130 seats — five seats down from its earlier demand. Shiv Sena on Monday made it clear that it won’t make any more concession for BJP, offering to cede it only 119 out of the total 288 seats in Maharashtra Assembly for next month’s polls, and said this was “the final attempt” to break the logjam over seat-sharing.

Dipika wins grudge tie  Ghosal too in semis to assure 2 medalsDipika wins grudge tie  Ghosal too in semis to assure 2 medals
First Person to Buy iPhone 6First Person to Buy an iPhone 6 Drops It on Live TV
Sep 19, 2014, 8:01 AM ET
By ABC News via Good Morning America
Channel 9 Australia was interviewing the first man to buy an iPhone 6 in Perth when he accidentally dropped the phone on Sept. 19, 2014.
Channel 9 Australia
Share
Copy
Talk about bad luck.
The first person to buy a new iPhone 6 in Perth, Australia, early this morning proceeded to drop it on the ground as he was being interviewed on live TV.
The young man, named Jack, and a Channel 9 reporter struggled to cut the plastic covering the box. As he excitedly opened it, the phone fell out and landed on the concrete.
"All good, all good," he said.

BBC News Team Attacked In Russiareddit
A BBC News crew was aggressively attacked in Astrakhan, Russia while reporting on the mysterious case of a killed Russian soldier, the organization said Thursday.
The crew was leaving a cafe when a small group of unknown men came up to their car, smashed their camera and beat up a BBC cameraman, BBC's Moscow correspondent Steve Rosenberg said. The attackers managed to escape with the destroyed camera. The crew then was held at the local police station for more than 4 hours to endure questioning.
The staff had been reporting a story on the death of Russian soldier Konstantin Kuzmin, who was killed near the Ukraine border after telling family in July that he was being sent to fight with Russian soldiers in the ongoing conflicts.
Just before the attack, the crew had left the house of Kuzmin's sister, who expressed doubts about the truth behind her brother's death and said she does not believe what Russian military have told her.
That suspicion was made even stronger when the staffers later found that the equipment they had left in their car had been "tampered with," with much of their material completely erased.
"Why would anyone set out to destroy our material and to silence the sister of a Russian soldier?" Rosenberg wondered.
BBC News is now launching "a formal protest" against Russian officials for the attack, the organization said in a statement Thursday. In the statement, BBC News urged that Russia begin "a thorough investigation" of the incident.
Read the full statement from BBC News below:
The BBC has today lodged a formal protest with the Russian authorities after a news team from our Moscow bureau was attacked in southern Russia whilst investigating reports of Russian servicemen being killed near the border with Ukraine.
After filming in the city of Astrakhan, our team was assaulted by unidentified men in a co-ordinated attack. Our staff were badly beaten, their camera destroyed and then taken. After alerting the emergency services, the team was then taken to a police station for four hours of questioning after which they discovered that recording equipment – which was in their vehicle, at the police station – had been electronically wiped.
The attack on our staff, and the destruction of their equipment and recordings, were clearly part of a co-ordinated attempt to stop accredited news journalists reporting a legitimate news story.
We deplore this act of violence against our journalists and call on the Russian authorities to conduct a thorough investigation and to condemn the assault on our staff.
BBC Press Office
More:

Largest IPOs in Stock Market HistoryYou are here: Home Ipo
Largest IPOs in Stock Market History
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 20, 2014 14:23 (IST)
RBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
New York: By raising $25 billion, Chinese online giant Alibaba shattered the record for the largest initial public offering in history. (Also read: With Alibaba's Big Debut, 10 Things to Know )
After underwriters exercised an option for additional shares, the Chinese giant sold 368 million shares at $68, which put the total amount raised at $25.02 billion. (Read: Alibaba Shares Close Up 38% on Opening Day )
Here are the largest IPOs prior to Alibaba, according to the research firm Dealogic:
1. AgBank: The Agricultural Bank of China raised $22.117 billion in its 2010 IPO in Hong Kong and Shanghai.
2. ICBC: Another Chinese financial group, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, held its 2006 IPO in Hong Kong and China, raising $21.929 billion.
3. AIA Group: The Asian unit of US insurance group AIG raised $20.494 billion in its 2010 Hong Kong IPO.
4. Visa Inc: The US payment and credit card issuer raised $19.650 billion in a 2008 IPO in New York.
5. NTT DoCoMo: The Japanese mobile carrier raised $18.379 billion in Tokyo in 1998.
6. General Motors: The US auto giant, after emerging from bankruptcy, took in $18.140 billion in 2010 in an IPO in New York and Toronto.
7. Enel: The Italian energy group raised $17.4 billion in a 1999 IPO in Milan and New York.
8. Facebook: The US social network in 2012 raised $16 billion.
9. NTT: Japan's former state-owned telecom group raised $13.6 billion in 1986 in Tokyo.
10. Deutsche Telekom: Germany's big telecom carrier, in an IPO in Frankfurt, New York and Tokyo, raised $13 billion.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 13:04 (IST)

The movie behind the MahatmaUpdated: September 20, 2014 16:07 IST
The movie behind the Mahatma
S. KULANDAISAMY
cinema
Richard Attenborough’s Gandhi is a beautiful lesson module on the life of Gandhi.
Richard Attenborough’s death brings to mind the fact that we, as a people, and the Indian Government, have failed to appreciate him for making a movie on Gandhi. Conferring an award is not enough. We should have done something for the Englishman who dared to show the atrocities committed by the British on the Indians. But more importantly what the movie did was to tell the world about a sustainable means for building peace across borders. Though he did not use the word ‘non-violence’, Attenborough conveyed it through the movie.
Dramatising history and teaching history are both different from exploring history. Attenborough beautifully evolved a lesson module in the form of his movie, by exploring values for peace based on the life of Gandhi. Though the movie was titled Gandhi, the effort was to convey the eternal truth found in the holy books of all religions.
I have heard from many corners of the world that people’s lives have changed after watching the movie. The movie made a great impact on me as well. In 1982, I was appointed as the secretary of the Chennai-based Gandhi Peace Foundation for a consolidated salary of Rs.500 a month. I got this job after finishing my B.E. Chemical Engineering degree in 1973. I had my way like this for the simple reason that I could not be exploited by ‘profit making’ companies and I liked being a full-time propagator of Gandhian ideals among the youth. When the movie was released, the first thing I did was to spend a month’s salary to take 30 residents of my neighbourhood for the movie.
In these 40 years of trying to spread the Mahatma’s ideals, I looked for support from educational institutions and governments, unfortunately no one extended support except a few individuals and schools. I wonder why, in this country that got freedom through non-violence, it is not given its due. I am careful to say that we got our freedom not only by violence. Using a weapon of non-violence made history, which is acknowledged and portrayed in many parts of the world. So, why have we failed to promote non-violence as a policy in our personal dealings? Why has it not been brought into our educational curriculum? Why is it not a part of our economic and political policies?
If it must be done, we cannot do so omitting Gandhi’s life history and the role he played in the freedom movement; it must be brought into the syllabus.
People complain that today’s youth have no values, and that there is no provision in schools and colleges by which students can learn values. Truth being the central point of all values, studying Gandhi’s My Experiments with Truth would be the right entry point. And Richard Attenborough’s Gandhi is the perfect choice to help the younger generation understand their purpose in society.
The release of the movie was a great boon to my mission. Screening the movie and showing its clippings were a part of all the programmes of Gandhi Peace Foundation. Cannot the movie be made a part of our National Educational Curriculum? Should not the Government institute an award in the name of Attenborough to filmmakers who depict alternative peaceful lifestyles? Why not also announce the highest national award from the Indian Government for Richard Attenborough?

Foreign investors pump in huge amount in India after reforms this yearForeign investors pump in huge amount in India after reforms this year
Backlog in issuance of RuPay cards as JDY A/...You are here: Home > Collections > Npci
NPCI scrambles to issue RuPay cards as Jan Dhan accounts zoom
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Tags:
G S Sandhu
(Over the weekend, financial…)
MUMBAI: Although close to 4 crore bank accounts have been opened under the Jan Dhan scheme so far, there is a huge backlog in the issuance of the Rupay cards by the National Payment Corporation of India ( NPCI ) which is the sole issuer of ATM cards for these new accounts.
Over the weekend, financial services secretary G S Sandhu had said that banks had opened 4 crore accounts so far and mobilised about Rs 3,700 crore as deposits in these accounts.
"Although the number of accounts opened are very high, about 20 lakh (RuPay) cards have been issued so far," National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) managing director and chief executive A P Hota told PTI.
He said there is a lag in production of cards which usually requires three weeks to get cleared.
"Personalisation (of cards) takes time because the name has to be embossed on the card. This is such a big order coming all of a sudden. Nobody expected that in one go so many accounts will be opened," Hota said.
However, he said the backlogs are likely to be cleared in next three weeks.
The Jan Dhan scheme was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28 with an aim to boost financial inclusion.
Under the scheme, the account holders will get an overdraft facility of Rs 5,000. They would also be provided with a RuPay debit cards and Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover. The government has envisaged to open banks accounts for 7.5 crore people by January 26.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Relief over Scotland gives way to  Great Sta...Relief over Scotland gives way to 'Great Stagnation' worries
By Reuters | 21 Sep, 2014, 03.46PM IST
The Group of 20 leading nations, meeting at the weekend, said they were tantalisingly close to adding an extra $2 trillion to the global economy and creating millions of new jobs.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: Scotland's rejection of independence and a lack of any fireworks at a Fed meeting last week have calmed investors enough to shift the focus back to what some call the " Great Stagnation ", and how to avoid it.
The Group of 20 leading nations, meeting at the weekend, said they were tantalisingly close to adding an extra $2 trillion to the global economy and creating millions of new jobs.
But Europe's extended stagnation remains a major stumbling block and some big emerging economies are flagging too.
Brazil is expected to revise down its growth rate just three weeks before a presidential election, Russia is mired in economic sanctions over Ukraine, and China's weak data is partly responsible for the 15 percent fall in the price of Brent crude since early July.
Investors will be watching to see how long OPEC is willing to accept oil prices below the $100-a-barrel mark.
A common G20 concern is the risk of Europe's malaise pulling others down. US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew cited "philosophical" differences with some of his counterparts in Europe, especially on the need for near-term stimulus.
However, "markets are spared one major source of political and economic uncertainty," Jorg Kramer, chief economist at Commerzbank, said of Scotland's decision to vote against independence in last week's referendum.
Sterling touched a two-week high against the dollar and a two-year peak against the euro on the result. Global stocks were lifted by the news from Scotland , as well as by the US Federal Reserve's assurances last week that interest rates will remain near zero for a considerable time.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen suggested that despite an end to the US bond-buying stimulus next month, the era of easy money is not yet over. But she also indicated the Fed could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving.
While the underlying trend in the US economy is one of strengthening growth, euro zone data out this week is unlikely to point to much of a pick-up.
'Great stagnation'
In April-June, the euro zone economy's recovery stalled and Italy slipped into recession for the third time since 2008, underlining Europe's struggle to recover from the financial crisis, in what is often referred to as the Great Recession.
While US growth has since accelerated, many European economies are now at risk from what investment banks such as Goldman Sachs have called the 'Great Stagnation'.
G20 host Australia put stuttering global growth at the centre of the meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors in the tropical resort of Cairns at the weekend.
"Back in 2011, we identified five countries in stagnation," said economist Jose Ursua, naming Canada, France, Italy, New Zealand and Portugal. "Fast-forward to today and most of the economies that were stagnating still are."
Given the weakness across the euro zone, the German Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) data and the Munich-based Ifo's business climate index for September will give a sense of whether confidence is stabilising in Europe's biggest economy.
Business morale dropped for a fourth straight month in August as concerns about the Ukraine crisis and the impact of EU and US sanctions against Russia depressed the mood in corporate boardrooms across Germany.
PMIs will also be published for France and the euro zone.
The euro zone's economic sentiment indicator for September later in the week will give a fuller picture of just how much governments and the European Central Bank need to do to revive the economy and stave off deflation.
Page 1 of 2

Shooters deliver bronze  two squash medals assured in AsiadShooters deliver bronze  two squash medals assured in Asiad
Swedes homemade submarine sells for USD98 500Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 21, 2014 4:48 pm
A submarine built from scratch by a Swedish man using his “common sense” and constructed over the course of two years has sold for a whopping USD 98,500 in an online auction.
Eric Westerberg, 33, from Robertsfors in northern Sweden, spent over 3,500 hours to build the six metre long submarine, which weighs 8500 kg.
The submarine, named Isabelle, was completed in 2007 and then displayed around the country.
The vessel has now been bought for USD 98,500 by a business owner in Boras in western Sweden after an online auction, ‘The Local’ reported.
“There was a lot of interest in the submarine from many different places. It generated many enquiries. Now we are waiting to see what the new owner wants to do with it,” said Per Henriksson, managing director of ps.nu, the auction website.
Westerberg said in a previous interview that he was motivated by the challenge of building his own submarine.
“I googled drawings but found nothing. So I built it with the usual common sense,” he said.

Saradha scam: Nalini Chidambaram examined byCBIPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 4:42 pm
Nalini Chidamabaram, wife of former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, has been examined by CBI in conection with the alleged multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
CBI examined Nalini, a Supreme Court lawyer, yesterday evening in Chennai in connection with the legal fee paid to her by the Saradha group, official sources said here.
The sources said Saradha Chairman Sudipta Sen, at present in jail, had mentioned about hiring Nalini as a lawyer at the request of Manoranjana Sinh, estranged wife of Congress leader Mantang Sinh.
Sen, who had written a letter to CBI last year, had claimed that Rs one crore had been paid to the lawyer as her legal fee by the Saradha group.
Nalini represented Manoranjana and, therefore, was asked to offer her professional advice in her negotiations with Sen in connection with plans by the group to acquire a TV channel in the northeast. The lawyer is believed to have advised her client against the Rs 42-crore investment by the group to acquire the TV channel.
Nalini has not responded to calls and messages for her reaction.
Nalini’s team, however, denied that she was questioned by CBI. They claimed that CBI only obtained a 70-page report prepared by her in connection with the plans for the TV channel acquisition.
“The near Rs one crore fee was for one year’s assistance. It was transparent and nominal,” sources close to Nalini said.

Asian Games Football Tournament Preview: India U-23 vs Jordan U-23Asian Games Football Tournament Preview: India U-23 vs Jordan U-23
Kerala CPI leader out of national executiveKerala CPI leader out of national executive
Russia s Putin and Japan s Abe discuss bilateral ties  UkraineRussia s Putin and Japan s Abe discuss bilateral ties  Ukraine
Corporates upbeat on Modi s US visit  expect tangible outcomesCorporates upbeat on Modi s US visit  expect tangible outcomes
The Husain on the wallUpdated: September 17, 2014 10:06 IST
The Husain on the wall
Soumya Das
The wall of the Azad Hind Dhaba in Kolkata adorned with M.F. Husain’s Gaja Gamini. Photo: SUSHANTA PATRONOBISH
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
The now-famous painting, titled Gaja Gamini (one with a walk like an elephant), depicts a dancing woman, in a bright red background, while a white elephant looks on with its trunk held aloft
The memory of seeing M.F. Husain colouring one of his sketches back in 1999 is still fresh in the mind of Madan Sharma, one of the owners of Azad Hind Dhaba, a popular eatery in south Kolkata.
One fine afternoon years back, Mr. Husain walked into the dhaba, which he frequented during his visits here, and all of a sudden started adding colour to the black and white sketch on the wall that he had drawn three years before.
“The experience made me speechless,” Mr. Sharma said, on the eve of the 99th birth anniversary of the iconic painter.
The now-famous painting, titled Gaja Gamini (one with a walk like an elephant), depicts a dancing woman, in a bright red background, while a white elephant looks on with its trunk held aloft. Mr. Husain arranged a private show of his film Gaja Gamini at Azad Hind in 1999.
Sitting at the cash counter with the painting behind him, Mr. Sharma fondly recalled his memories of the famous artist. He remembers Mr. Husain as a “moody and humble person” who would come to the restaurant and sit quietly in one corner sipping his favourite “kadak chai [strong tea].”
“He did not talk much. But sometimes told me what kind of food he wants,” Mr. Sharma said. He was initially apprehensive of talking to an artist of Mr. Husain’s calibre, but eventually they became friends. “Mr. Husain could mingle with adults and children with equal ease. He was totally devoid of arrogance.” Whenever schoolchildren spotted him at the eatery, they flocked to him and asked for autographs. The world-famous painter complied with their demands with a smile and even drew them impromptu sketches.
When asked about the controversy that erupted in 2006 over Mr. Husain’s depiction of Hindu gods and goddesses, Mr. Sharma said the thought of removing the painting never entered his mind. “Nobody asked me to remove the painting even when the controversy erupted.”
Mr. Husain eventually had to leave the country under pressure from Hindu nationalist forces. He passed away in London in August 2011.
Meanwhile, the dancing woman with an elephant walk lives on happily on the central wall of Azad Hind Dhaba, in the company of numerous Hindu gods and goddesses.

Nifty upmove to continue; resistance at 8130-8140: IIFLLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty upmove to continue; resistance at 8130-8140: IIFL
Anu Jain, IIFL Private Wealth Management says a decent stop loss would be 7920-7930 because till it does not break that level, it will probably oscillate between 150-200 point range.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
In the short-term, 8130-8140 could be a resistance, says Anu Jain, IIFL Private Wealth Management. However, it can go down to 8050-8060 during expiry, she adds. 
She says: "As long as you are holding that 8050, the more time you are spending over it the stronger is the Nifty's overall move going to be."
According to her, a decent stop loss would be 7920-7930 because till it does not break that level, it will be a trading range of probably 150-200 points. Market is seeing a sector rotation, so once an investor is in the right stock, he or she should just stay invested, she says.
As a sector, cement is giving very clear signals that it is not going to stop moving higher, says Jain. She believes there is a positive bias on pharma also. Another sector which is showing accumulation, but which has not yet given a breakout is PSU banks, she adds.
Over the next 2-3 weeks, she believes  Maruti Suzuki can rise another 4-5 percent.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Anu Jain's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Sonia Shenoy
Anuj: What is your call for the Nifty in the near term, do you think all time high is almost a certainty now and the big question, can that sustain or would you expect a decent correction from here on?
A: The way we have been moving it looks like it is going to sustain. I mean the fact that because of the external events which were happening we did correct right up to that 7920-7930. And the pullback on Thursday was very surprising. It was a technical pullback because 8015 on the futures meant that anybody who had written the 8000 call and which we had seen a lot of that happen on Wednesday, had to cover up. So that had its impact and it brought the market to that 8130-8140.
Now you are in the interim on the short-term basis at a resistance which is 8130-8140, which the Friday’s closing was showing that you try to breakout, you couldn’t breakout.
Now I would say that if you can hold this for a couple of days and I don’t want to really keep the expiry as a view point to take a Nifty view because you could even close down at about 8050-8060 for expiry. But as long as you are holding that 8050, the more time you are spending over it the stronger is the Nifty’s overall move going to become.
I think for someone who is looking now for a decent stop loss, the decent stop loss should be between 7920-7930 because till it is not breaking that it will become a trading range probably of 150-200 points. For a breakout obviously we are looking at 8180 to take off, but the more time it is spending and if you are looking at the sector breakouts whether it is pharma, IT, it looks more and more that you are moving towards the October expiry to be a higher expiry close.
Sonia: So if we do see this market moving up higher, what are the stocks that could actually lead it there especially in the next week. So what are the stocks that you would be long on?
A: As a sector, cement is giving very clear signals that it is not going to stop. So obviously there has been a momentum build-up which has already happened for certain percentage points. So we saw JK Cement , we saw India Cement , so corporate governance is now out of the window, it is just momentum. So I think that is definitely going to continue. So if somebody wants to take a trading position or an investment position it is just the type of stocks you get in for that. So that is definitely going to be a positive bias.
So I was looking at charts of JK Lakshmi , JK Cement, Ultratech Cement , India Cement . Some of the smaller ones even though JK Cement moved up quite substantially, it is looking good for even about another 10-12 percent more; same with India Cement and Orissa Cement. So the small caps which are not so liquid, probably the larger caps could give you 3-5 percent in the week. So that is a positive bias.
Obviously there is a positive bias on pharma also.  Dr Reddys Laboratories which is in the large cap is looking like it could probably give you another 4-5 percent. So that stays on the long side.
Another sector which is showing accumulation, but which has not yet given a breakout is PSU banks. There is a certain amount of bottom formation which has happened in this period. One can see whether it is smaller names like  UCO Bank or larger names like State Bank of India . Some kind of action is starting to happen but it won’t happen in the next week. I probably expect it in the October series to see some kind of breakout there.
Anuj: In terms of the big weekly losers, big monthly losers, stocks like Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) stand out. How would you approach these names at current levels, also Jaiprakash Associates?
A:  JP Associates obviously, we all know it is more of what is happening on the ground and can fall down because people are actually not expecting it to revive anywhere. So you will not find buyers in that anywhere. It would be a very risky proposition.
As per JSPL , I think would wait another week or 10 days because that whole field is going into a period of consolidation. Would probably look at it after expiry at what levels it settles in before I make a call whether it has to be bought or not. But no hurry to get into the counter.
Sonia: Would you buy any technology stocks next week?
A: Well technology everything is breaking out - whether it is  Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) which is giving a signal for about Rs 2900, a  Tech Mahindra for Rs 2800, Persistent Systems for Rs 1600. Right now, it is momentum driven and they are all breaking out, so I would probably look at any of these if somebody wants to take a short-term call. But even Mindtree which has closed at around Rs 1220 can go upto about Rs 1300.
So yes there is a very strong positive bias on all of those counters, including  Infosys which closed flat but which is showing upward trajectory of about 5 percent. So can trade into any of those counters, I think the midcaps will definitely outperform the large caps even there. I would have a bias for Persistent.
Anuj: Arvind, Ashok Leyland and Voltas, they have corrected quite a bit on Friday but have been rerated this year. Would you pick any of these stocks and what is your call on these three names?
A: The top would be Arvind, it has moved up substantially from Rs 200 to about Rs 340. From Rs 340, a correction to about Rs 310 levels is a very logical correction. I think anywhere close to Rs 300 it would become a buy again so would look at it as a buy, Voltas also.
Infact all three of them are good but my category level would be first would be Arvind , second  Voltas and third would be Ashok Leyland . On dips all three continue to be strong buys.
Sonia: If you had to pick up two-three other stocks to trade next week what would they be?
A:  Maruti Suzuki is looking good because of the yen factor because it has broken out today so I would place my bets on Maruti moving up very sharply. So there is a chance of another 4-5 percent coming over the next two-three weeks. So that would be a top pick out there. So in the market there is more of a sector rotation happening, so once you are in the right stocks, one should just stay into it. It is more a question of not doubting the market and staying contented, which is for all things in life. So there is a lot more to come.
RELATED NEWS

Wal-Mart to Extend Online Wholesale Platform ReachNew Delhi: Wal-Mart India today said it will extend online wholesale platform to its members in Guntur and Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh from October 1.
The US-retail giant at present operates B2B e-commerce platform in two cities--Hyderabad and Lucknow-- in the country.
"Starting October 1, members of Best Price wholesale stores in Guntur and Vijayawada can shop and book orders online," the company said in a statement.
The e-commerce platform will provide the same range of products as its wholesale stores, including a select variety of fresh fruits and vegetables, it added.
"Given the tremendous support from our members for this initiative, we will continue to extend this (e-commerce portal) in a phased manner to our other stores as well," Wal-Mart India president and chief executive officer Krish Iyer said.
The platform, www.bestprice wholesale.co.in, is for registered members of Best Price Modern Wholesale stores.
At present, Wal-Mart is engaged in cash-and-carry business in India. It called off a six year partnership with Bharti Enterprises in October last year.
The US retail giant operates 20 wholesale stores under the brand 'Best Price' in India.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 16:22 (IST)

Alibaba surges 38% in huge IPO debutBoom: Alibaba surges 38% in huge IPO debut
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 19, 2014: 4:21 PM ET
 
This is how a stock is born
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba, the biggest IPO to ever hit Wall Street, made a huge splash when it started trading Friday.
Shares of the Chinese e-commerce giant closed at $93.89, marking a 38% pop from the $68 price of its record-shattering initial public offering.
The bounce signals optimism among investors about Alibaba's ( BABA ) ability to continue its rapid growth trajectory as China's middle class grows and and the company expands to other parts of the world.
Moments after the stock started trading, the co-founder and CEO of the company, Jack Ma, told CNNMoney he's "honored" and "humbled."
Ma told CNBC that years from now he wants Alibaba to be compared with American icons like Wal-Mart ( WMT ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and IBM ( IBM , Tech30 ). People will say Alibaba "changed the world," he said.
Related: Everything you need to know about Alibaba
Alibaba opened at $92.70 and then raced to nearly $100 before sinking back below the IPO price for a few hours. The initial trading day for any stock is almost always volatile, but Alibaba's will be seen as a win.
Unlike the disastrous 2012 Facebook ( FB , Tech30 )IPO on Nasdaq, Alibaba's first few hours as a public company went smoothly. That's good news for the New York Stock Exchange, where Alibaba chose to list its high-profile IPO under the ticker symbol "BABA."
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion late Thursday. That's the largest ever IPO for a company listed on an American exchange.
It might turn out to be the biggest IPO in the world. Goldman Sach ( GS )and the other investment banks that made the IPO happen have the option to purchase additional shares. If those options are exercised as expected, the Alibaba deal would raise $25 billion -- a global record.
Alibaba is cashing in on a very bullish overall atmosphere for stocks. The Dow and S&P 500 set new all-time records this week.
Don't worry if you've never heard of Alibaba. You haven't been living under a rock.
The Chinese company, which was founded in 1999 by former English teacher Ma, has yet to make its presence felt in the U.S. But the truckload of new cash raised by the IPO should change that.
Alibaba has largely focused on the exploding Chinese Internet market, which has already made the company a dominant player in e-commerce.
Related: Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
Investors are so excited about the company becasue roughly $248 billion of merchandise exchanged hands on Alibaba's platforms in 2013, according to IDC. That trumps the gross merchandise volume of Amazon.com ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), JD.com ( JD ) and Japan's Rakuten ( RKUNF ) -- combined.
Thanks to those impressive figures, Alibaba starts life with some elite company you've definitely heard of. At the $68 IPO price, Alibaba was valued at $168 billion. That's more than Amazon.com.
After the first day of trading, Alibaba now has an even more impressive valuation of $231 billion, which is greater than Facebook and more than halfway to catching Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
Many investors like to consider the price-to-earnings ratio as a way to gauge how expensive a stock is. Based on its earnings for the year ended March 31, Alibaba is trading at a very lofty price-to-earnings multiple of 61.
Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald launched coverage of Alibaba on Friday with a "buy" rating, although they have a price target of $90, which has already been surpassed.
"We believe that a differentiated pricing model, strong brand and unmatched scale give Alibaba an unfair competitive advantage," Cantor analyst Youssef Squali wrote in a note.
Retail investors are showing some serious interest in Alibaba. TD Ameritrade ( AMTD ) said Alibaba orders were on track to represent 15% of daily average revenue trades at the brokerage. By comparison, Facebook represented 22% of trades on its IPO day and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) was about 5%.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) investors are also cheering because the U.S. Internet company is cashing in a chunk of its investment in Alibaba. After taxes, Yahoo is poised to make around $5.1 billion by selling about 122 million Alibaba shares. Yahoo is holding onto a major stake that translates to billions more in value.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 11:59 AM ET
Most Popular

HEALTHCARE AWARDS - JOURNEY SO FAR16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Storyboard: What brand SRK meansForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

BJP gives ticket to Sushmas sisterPrint
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chnadigarh | Posted: September 21, 2014 1:09 am
The BJP on Saturday gave tickets to Union minister Sushma Swaraj’s younger sister Vandana Sharma and at least two turncoats who recently joined the party as it announced the remaining 47 candidates for the Haryana assembly elections.
The second list was announced after the BJP’s Central Election Committee met in New Delhi in the presence of PM Narendra Modi.
Surprisingly, the name of veteran Congress leader Birender Singh, who shifted loyalty recently, was kept out of the list. Singh’s wife Prem Lata has been given ticket from his constituency Uchana Kalan. Singh had been hinting that he may contest from Jind.
The BJP is the first party to release names of all the 90 candidates. The Congress is yet to decide its candidates while the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) has declared 81 candidates.
Vandana Sharma has been given the ticket from Safidon while Sushma’s close aide Latika Sharma has been given ticket from Kalka. Sushma wanted Latika to be fielded from Naraingarh, from where she hails, but the party ruled it out.
Ironically, BJP election in charge Kailash Vijayvergiya had on Friday said that no relative of leaders would be fielded by the party.
Former Sonepat MP Jatinder Malik, who joined the party recently after quitting Congress, has been fielded from Gannaur while former INLD MP Surender Barwala has been fielded from Jind. Former AAP leader Jai Singh Thekedar has been given ticket from Sonepat while former Congress leader Darao Singh Rajaura has been fielded from Jhajjar.

Lodha homes in on London propertyLast updated: September 21, 2014 8:18 pm
India’s Lodha Group homes in on London property market
By James Crabtree in Mumbai and Kate Allen in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5814dc2a-3f26-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Only One in Five Start-ups Gives Good Returns: ExpertsVistara Airline Launch Held Up Due to Flying Permit Delay
New Delhi: India has witnessed a boom in the e-commerce/start-up sector in last five years but only one out of five start-ups gives good returns, while three do not give any return or simply fold up, according to experts.
Moreover, as the focus has now shifted to developing and encouraging more start-ups, there is a definite chance that many start-ups and .coms would find it difficult to flourish amid tough competition from already established ones.
"The excitement around e-commerce is real but the valuations may be a bubble," The Chennai Angels member Kayar Raghavan said, adding, "One out of five start-ups gives good returns while three do not give any return or simply fold up."
Experts believe that with all these major players who are already operational and making profits, smaller set-ups find it tough to gain second round of funding or hard to continue further after the funding. Between 2012 and 2014 alone, there have been many start-ups shutting shop.
"Exits" for initial investors are difficult to come by not just in India but across the world.
Sometimes, earlier investors get to exit partially or fully at subsequent fund-raising rounds. Another form of exit happens through consolidation/M&A. IPO is the other preferred route.
Mr Raghavan noted that investors to the start-ups get few exits but when one does indeed get an exit through whatever means (secondary or M&A), that is highly likely to be only profitable.
"Redbus, Snapdeal, Myntra, Flipkart, Mu Sigma, JustDial, LetsBuy, makeMyTrip, Chakpak, Rediff, etc, are examples although a couple of these may have made money for only early investors," he added.
Another member of The Chennai Angels Mithun Sacheti said "exits are not always profitable".
"Exit in itself means a return on capital, which would be positive or negative. But it is better than having no option to exit and being a part of a living dead company."
Story first published on: September 21, 2014 13:19 (IST)

What s Different About This Airline on WeekendsVistara Airline Launch Held Up Due to Flying Permit Delay
Have you noticed anything different while flying SpiceJet over the weekend? If no, then a closer look at the cabin crew would make you realise they are not in their usual uniforms.
The SpiceJet cabin crew has a weekend uniform, the only Indian carrier to have separate attire for weekends. While the female crew wear colourful kurtis and jeans, the male cabin staff wear polo t-shirts with denims, from Friday to Sunday.
"SpiceJet's new approach includes creating much warmer, friendlier, more natural ambience for its customers on board the aircraft.The weekend uniform was a natural extension of this philosophy. We also felt that it would appeal to corporates who are increasingly into casual dressing on Fridays, it would improve their moods and make them more relaxed cheerful on Fridays and weekend flights," SpiceJet chief operating oficer Sanjiv Kapoor said.
An airhostess with IndiGo who did not wish to be named said, "It would be fun if other Indian carriers followed suit. It's definitely a nice initiative."
However a pilot with IndiGo who also did not wish to be named, as they are not authorised to speak with the media, believes a consistent uniform through the week is better. "As such weekends are non-existent for us, it is more for display and the passengers," he said on having separate weekend wear for the flying staff.
"A consistent uniform tells you in case of an emergency or in case of any distress who the person in authority or in charge is," the captain told NDTV.
Passengers though seem to be divided on SpiceJet's initiative. Delhi-based architect Sidharth Roy who flies frequently, lauds SpiceJet's efforts and says, "It is a nice change from the same old boring uniform, maybe other airlines could take a cue from them."
However Delhi-based doctor Romik Ghosh, also a frequent flier does not seem to agree. "I don't find the new weekend dress code good. I would prefer corporate attire for cabin crew. It is unimpressive and takes away the gravity and authority," Dr Ghosh said.
SpiceJet says the overall response from the crew and passengers so far has been positive. "In fact some customers have asked for it to be made permanent (uniform through the week), they like it so much. But we are not doing that, we think it will then be taken for granted and lose its 'specialness'," Mr Kapoor said.
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 19:29 (IST)

SoftBank estimates $4.6 bn gain from Alibaba listingSoftBank estimates $4.6 bn gain from Alibaba listing
Reuters
Tweet
TOKYO, Sept 21:  
Japan's SoftBank Corp said it expected a gain of about 500 billion yen ($4.6 billion) from Alibaba Group Holding's share listing in New York, where the Chinese e-commerce leader surged 38 per cent on its first day of trade.
SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son also told CNBC that he would want to own more of Alibaba, although he reiterated that the Japanese mobile carrier and Internet media company was happy with the current 32 per cent stake, which made it the Chinese company's biggest shareholder.
Asked if he would like more of Alibaba, Son told CNBC on Friday: "Of course."
Pressed on the likelihood of buying more shares, Son added: "Anything is possible but we are happy the way it is."
He said SoftBank considered Alibaba a core holding and he was upbeat about the Chinese company's future.
"My point of view is that this is the true beginning of Alibaba," he said. "I'm very, very optimistic."
SoftBank said in a statement on Saturday that it would book the estimated 500 billion yen gain in the half-year to end-September and would announce a precise figure at a later time. The gain was recorded to reflect Alibaba's increased asset value with the issuance of new shares and the conversion of preference shares to common stock in conjunction with the listing.
The Chinese e-commerce leader's shares surged in their Friday debut on the New York Stock Exchange as investors jumped at what is likely to rank as the largest IPO in history, betting on Chinese growth and a company that accounts for 80 per cent of that country's online sales.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Provisional anti-dumping duty imposed on electrical insulators from ChinaProvisional anti-dumping duty imposed on electrical insulators from China
K.R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
The Finance Ministry has imposed provisional anti-dumping duty on imports of electrical insulators (glass or porcelain) from China.
Electrical insulators are typically used in bushings, disconnectors, circuit breakers, transformers, power transmission and distribution lines, including Railways.
The petition seeking an anti-dumping probe on electrical insulator imports from China was filed by Aditya Birla Nuvo, Bharat Heavy Electrical Ltd, WS Industries, Modern Insulators and Insulator and Electrical Company.
The provisional anti-dumping duty — which will be valid for six months — ranged from $287 per tonne to $2,042 per tonne depending on the producer.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Big rallies planned in front of UN  White House to welcome PM ModiSep 21, 2014 at 03:53pm IST
Big rallies planned in front of UN, White House to welcome PM Modi
3
0
Washington: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's three-day visit to the US, hundreds of Indian-Americans from across the country have joined hands to give him a rousing welcome in front of the United Nations headquarters and the White House.
'America Welcomes Modi' rallies are being planned in front of the United Nations headquarters in New York on September 27, when Modi is to deliver his maiden address to the UN General Assembly.
The organisers are also preparing huge banners, posters and specially made T-shirts with slogans 'America Welcomes Modi', to be distributed among the participants.
Earlier this week, the US Senate had unanimously passed a resolution designating September 30 as 'US-India Partnership Day'.
#narendra modi #modi us visit #united nation headquarters #white house
Similarly in Washington DC, scores of Indian-Americans from the national Capital and from its suburbs in nearby Maryland and Virginia are preparing to hold welcome rallies in front of the White House on September 30, when Modi is scheduled to hold meeting with the US President Barack Obama, in his Oval Office.
While the New York event is being organised by Indian American Intellectual Forum in association with several other organisations, the White House Rally has been planned by US India Democracy Forum.
"There is an unprecedented level of support for Modi in the US... Indian-Americans from as far as Chicago and Houston are flying to New York to welcome the Prime Minister in front of the United Nations when he delivers his address to the General Assembly," said Narain Kataria of the Indian American Intellectual Forum.
Kataria said Modi's supporters in Chicago have printed 'America Welcomes Modi' t-shirts, which would be distributed to the participants. A number of large posters and banners are also being printed for the participants to display it prominently during the event, expected to be attended by some 900 people.
Many of the participants would be wearing Modi masks, while two life-size cut outs of Modi would be put in display in front of the United Nations for people to take picture with their popular leader, Kataria said. Not everybody has been able to get a ticket for the public reception being hosted in honour of Modi, because of space constraints.
"This is our way of taking picture with Modi," he said.
Three days later a similar welcome rally is being planned in the Washington in front of the White House coinciding with the Modi-Obama meeting.
"Come celebrate the official 'US-India Partnership Day' on September 30. Join us for the festivities for recognition of this day by the US government," a flier of the event said.
Earlier this week, the US Senate had unanimously passed a resolution designating September 30 as 'US-India Partnership Day'.
However, parallel to these welcome rallies, some groups have announced to hold protest rallies against Modi both outside the United Nations and in front of the White House.
At both the places New York-based 'Sikhs For Justice' plans to hold protest rallies against the alleged violation of human rights in Punjab and Gujarat.
The Kashmir American Council (KAC) announced on Saturday to hold a candle light vigil in front of the White House on September 29 to remind Obama to fulfil his 2008 pledge to try and facilitate a better understanding between Pakistan and India, to resolve the Kashmir issue.
Meanwhile, in a letter to local authorities, the US India Democracy Forum have alleged that 'Sikhs for Justice' is trying to scuttle their welcome rally by stating that its anti-Modi rally would be attended by some 1300 people.
Since, the Lafayette Square Park has a capacity to accommodate only a certain number of people, if its application of a rally by 1300 people is granted permission, other groups would not be allowed to hold any rallies.
1

Maharashtra polls: One legacy  two brothers  two parties2
0
New Delhi: As the election season in Maharashtra hots up, two brothers are fighting it out to take forward the legacy of their seasoned politician father, one through the Congress and the other through BJP.
"It is quite challenging," says Amol Deshmukh, the elder son of two-time former Maharashtra Congress state president Ranjit Deshmukh.
Amol, a doctor by profession, is eyeing a Congress ticket from the Ramtek constituency.
Amol, a doctor by profession, is eyeing a Congress ticket from the Ramtek constituency.
#maharashtra polls #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #bjp
His younger brother Ashish Deshmukh, a strong supporter of separate Vidarbha, is looking at fighting the Saoner Assembly seat from the BJP, the party he had joined in 2009.
"You need a high level of understanding. In the end, you are brothers but with different ideologies if I may say," Amol said.
The young doctor, who has specialised in health care management, besides having experiences in carrying out health projects in Third World countries, said he can't match BJP's philosophy. Amol said he is put off by the polarisation that the BJP and the RSS have done.
"My friends who never spoke about caste are now talking about it and how he (Prime Minister Narendra Modi) can control them (Muslims). The Congress has been paying a huge price to ensure that we all, as a country, go ahead together. Unfortunately in this country, secularism has become a cheap word," he said, adding the BJP and the RSS is behind this.
Asked what will be his focus if he did fight the election and win, he said, "I will put in my experience gained from working in London, Afghanistan, Nigeria, Vietnam and Tajikistan, to improve health facilities in my constituency".
Talking about dynastic politics, Amol, who has studied at the prestigious London School of Economics and London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) for his post-graduation, said, "I have not asked for a chance from people in my area based on my name. I have always said if you have a better choice, please go ahead".
He said that he has a legacy to carry forward.
"When the country wanted a freedom fighter, my family gave two - my great grandfathers. When the country needed a social worker, my grandfather was there. Then of course there is my father who spearheaded the development work in our region," Amol said.
0

J&K Floods: Haryana govt to send pumps to J&K for draining outwaterPump sets are vastly required to expedite draining out of water from flooded areas of the Kashmir valley.
Press Trust of India | Chandigrah | Posted: September 21, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 4:52 pm
Haryana Government has decided to send 10 pump sets to Srinagar to expedite draining out of water from flooded areas of the Kashmir valley.
This is in addition to the earlier financial assistance of Rs 10 crore, medicines worth Rs 50 lakh, 50,000 blankets and food items sent to the flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana Additional Chief Secretary and Financial Commissioner (Revenue and Disaster Management) P K Gupta said here on Sunday.
He said the state government has responded promptly to the help sought by Chief Secretary, Jammu and Kashmir today to provide pumps for draining the flooded areas.
Gupta said accordingly directions were issued to send electrical vertical pumps with adequate accessories such as delivery pipe and the technical staff for operation.
“These will be dispatched tomorrow morning,” he said.
Gupta said that the Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntla Jakhu has further assured more support to the Government of Jammu and Kashmir as and when required.

Uddhav s final offer: 151 for Sena  119 for BJP | BJP hopes impasse can endBJP
(Shiv Sena today made…)
MUMBAI: Beyond the alliance arithmetic, there seems to be little chemistry left between Shiv Sena and BJP leaders. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday while publicly making a "final offer" of just 119 seats to BJP chose the occasion to complain about lack of consultation during the distribution of portfolios and formation of the Central government four months ago.
Soon after Uddhav's speech, the state BJP leadership rejected the offer. Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde, the Oppositon leaders in the assembly and the legislative council, held a press conference in Delhi on Sunday to announce that the party has refused to accept this proposal. "There is no final offer when talks are going on," said Tawde, angry over Uddhav going public with the offer.
Earlier in the day, Uddhav also talked about his father Bal Thackeray's role in saving Narendra Modi at the hour of his worst crisis in 2002. Terming this political crisis the biggest test of his life, an emotionally charged Uddhav directed his ire at Modi seeking to draw him into the seat-sharing deadlock with references to past PMs, BJP old guard's relationship with the Thackerays and the medieval dominance of Delhi, which the Maratha empire resisted.
So far, Modi had kept himself out of the negotiations and this seemed to have irked Uddhav. "The BJP must not forget that when the whole world was out to oust Narendra Modi as Gujarat CM, it was my father who told LK Advani that Modi must stay. We have had a long association with the BJP. But the new leadership of the party seems to be taking us for granted. This is not acceptable to us," Uddhav told his party men at Bandra in Mumbai.
Speaking to cheering Shiv Sainiks, Uddhav said, "it is really unfortunate that instead of launching the campaign we are right now haggling over seat-sharing. The first proposal that came to us was of 135 seats each for Sena and BJP. They said they had decided the formula. But how could they do that without taking us along. Then they told me we are willing to give some more seats, I told them that they had no right to give. Those were our seats and we would decide whether to give them away. In LS polls, the BJP fought one more seat and we did not complain about the portfolios later. Now how can we accept everything that they decide".
The Rang Sharada auditorium had an electrifying atmosphere with Sainiks mobbing the state, chanting slogans. Uddhav reminded his party men that this was the place where Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray announced many major political decisions.
"I am doing this for the Shiv Sainiks. On every seat there are 15 to 20 aspirants. How can we give away our quota to others. I do not care if the alliance stays or not. We are from the land of Chhtrapati Shivaji who challenged the domination of Delhi," Uddhav said.
Taking a dig at PM Modi during his speech Uddhav said "Does anybody here remember the full name of PM Deve Gowda? Those occupying the PM's post must not forget their past. A tea vendor can become PM. We too have aspirations. Senior BJP leaders like Vajpayee and Advani used to be respectful to Balasaheb Thackeray but the new leadership of the BJP is taking Shiv Sena for granted."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharatiya Samaj Jan Jagriti Manch protests against Bilawal BhuttoBharatiya Samaj Jan Jagriti Manch protests against Bilawal Bhutto
Wife of Alan Henning  Briton held by Islamic State  pleads for his releaseWife of Alan Henning  Briton held by Islamic State  pleads for his release
Muslim body welcomes PM Narendra Modi s statement on communityMuslim body welcomes PM Narendra Modi s statement on community
Shiv Sena-BJP tussle over seats only for CMs post:RaneCongress had "half a dozen" leaders who were capable of becoming the Chief Minister, Rane said
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 21, 2014 5:03 pm
Congress leader and Maharashtra Industries Minister Narayan Rane Sunday said the tug of war between Shiv Sena and BJP over seat-sharing was for the Chief Minister’s post, but neither party had a candidate for the top job in the state.
Talking to reporters at Aurangabad, Rane said, “All this (tussle between Sena and BJP) is for personal and selfish interests, when both parties do not have a single capable person to lead the state.”
Congress had “half a dozen” leaders who were capable of becoming the Chief Minister, he said, adding that the current logjam over seat-sharing between Congress and NCP was only about number of seats and not about the CM’s post.
Congress was ready to give 124 seats (out of the 288 seats of Maharashtra Assembly) to NCP, he said.
“The first list of Congress candidates would be released in two days. It is my personal view that the Congress-NCP alliance should continue, in the interest of the state as well as both the parties,” he said.
Earlier, Rane, who is the campaign committee chief of the state Congress for the next month’s Assembly elections, and Ashok Chavan, who is the co-ordination committee head, addressed a meeting of party workers from Marathwada region. Rane said during the campaign, Congress will highlight the “double-speak” of BJP and NDA government’s failure to check price rise.
“The Modi wave has now receded, as was shown in the by-elections. A wave is never permanent and whatever little is left of the wave, it won’t benefit the Sena-BJP in Maharashtra,” he claimed.

MeT forecasts heavy rainfall in OdishaSep 21, 2014 at 05:00pm IST
MeT forecasts heavy rainfall in Odisha
3
0
Bhubaneswar: Pounded by heavy rains in the past couple of days, Odisha is unlikely to get any respite soon as heavy rainfall coupled with gusty winds has been forecast in some places till Monday.
Rain and thundershower will occur in many places of the state due to a well marked low pressure area over Gangetic West Bengal and adjoining Jharkhand and Odisha, the meteorological centre said on Sunday.
Under its impact, heavy rainfall would occur at one or two places over north Odisha during next 24 hours, it said adding gusty surface wind with speed reaching 45 to 55 kmph and gusting up to 60 kmph will prevail along and off north Odisha Coast.
Heavy rainfall coupled with gusty winds has been forecast in some places of Odisha till Monday.
#meteorological centre #heavy rainfall #fishermen #wind
In view of rough weather conditions, fishermen are advised not to venture into sea in north Odisha coastal region, the MeT office said.
Many parts of the state have been pounded by heavy rains for the past couple of days affecting normal life amidst submergence of low-lying areas.
While Publbani received 76 mm rainfall, 57.9 mm rainfall was recorded in coastal Balasore, 66.1 mm in Paradip and 44.2 mm at Puri, MeT office said.
0

India  US have historic bond  not just Delhi-Washington ties  says PM ModiForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

G20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by USD 2 trillionG20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by USD 2 trillion
India Begin with a Bang as Jitu Rai Wins GoldIndia Begin with a Bang as Jitu Rai Wins Gold
Delhi Metro train exteriors now to carry advertisementsDelhi Metro train exteriors now to carry advertisements
Thousands Flee Fearing Imminent ISIS AttackThousands Flee Into Turkey Fearing Imminent ISIS Attack On Kurdish Town Of Kobani
Reuters
reddit
By Seyhmus Cakan
DIKMETAS, Turkey, Sept 19 (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani called on Friday for international intervention to protect a Kurdish town in neighboring Syria from Islamic State fighters who have forced many Syrian Kurds to flee across the border into Turkey.
Thousands of Kurds crossed the frontier on Friday, fearing an imminent attack on the border town of Ayn al-Arab, known as Kobani in Kurdish, as Islamic State (IS) fighters advanced after seizing dozens of nearby villages over the past two days.
"I call on the international community to use every means as soon as possible to protect Kobani," Barzani, the president of Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region, said in a statement. "IS terrorists ... must be hit and destroyed wherever they are.
The United States is drawing up plans for military action in Syria against the radical Sunni Muslim group which has seized swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq, proclaiming a caliphate in the heart of the Middle East.
IS gains have set back efforts by Kurds to exploit the three-year-old civil war in Syria and carve out regions of their own in the northeast of Iraq.
Syrian Kurds cross the border between Syria and Turkey near the southeastern town of Suruc in Sanliurfa province, on September 19, 2014. (ILYAS AKENGIN/AFP/Getty Images)
The violence is also a headache for neighboring Turkey, which is already sheltering more than 1.3 million Syrian refugees and fears hundreds of thousands more, waiting in the mountains on the Syrian side of the 900-km (560-mile) border, could seek to cross as fighting escalates.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks developments in the war, said on Friday Kurdish forces had withdrawn from more than 60 villages in the face of the IS advance.
Ocalan Iso, deputy head of the Kurdish forces in Kobani, said he did not know how many villages had fallen to IS and that it was not that many, but he acknowledged: "We have lost communication with some of the villages."
Esmat al-Sheik, head of the Kurdish forces defending Kobani, said fierce clashes continued to the east, west and south of the town, which Turkey adjoins to the north. IS fighters armed with rockets, artillery, tanks and armored vehicles seized from the Iraqi army in Mosul had advanced to within 20 km of Kobani, he told Reuters by telephone.
"The whole world is silent," he said. "Every day we hear there is going to be an attack on ISIS (Islamic State). But where is it? ... Will it come after everyone is already dead?"
The attack prompted a Kurdish militant call to the youth of Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast to join the fight against IS, whose offensive began on Tuesday after the U.S. military said Syrian moderates would probably need the Syrian Kurds' help to defeat Islamic State, along with the help of Turkey and Jordan.
Sheik said dozens of civilians -- women, children and the elderly -- had been killed on roads in the area. "They took women, girls, small children and youths as hostages but we cannot count them," he said. He had no figures on the number of Kurdish fighters killed.
Iso said the Kurds had evacuated 100 nearby villages because of Islamic State shelling. "These villages have become battlefields. They do not control them," he said.
Redur Xelil, spokesman for the main Kurdish armed group in Syria, YPG, said in a statement that seven Kurdish fighters and a number of IS fighters had been killed in clashes in two villages.
Syrian Kurds walk by Turkish soliders after crossing into Turkey near the southeastern town of Suruc in Sanliurfa province, on September 19, 2014.(ILYAS AKENGIN/AFP/Getty Images)
FLEEING "TO ESCAPE DEATH"
Machinegun fire and shelling could be heard from miles away as Turkish soldiers escorted about 4,000 Syrian Kurds, mostly women and children, over the border at Dikmetas, a Turkish village 20 km along the frontier from Kobani.
One woman was hospitalized after stepping on a landmine.
Turkish security forces at one point fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse a group of about 100 people as they sought to cross into Syria on Friday in an apparent protest against the tight border security.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, who has said the priority is to give aid on the Syrian side of the border, said he had given the order for the Syrians to be let in after receiving information that 4,000 had arrived seeking shelter.
"When our brothers from Syria and elsewhere arrive at our borders to escape death ... without discrimination over religion or sect, we take them in and we will continue to take them in," he told reporters during a trip to Azerbaijan.
An official from the Turkish relief agency AFAD told Reuters they had been preparing for an influx for days and tents had already been sent.
Turkey is trying to persuade the United States of the need to create a "buffer zone" inside Syria, Turkish officials said, a safe haven on the border likely to require a foreign-patrolled no-fly zone where displaced civilians could be given aid.
Talks with U.S. officials were continuing on the idea, a senior Turkish official said.
Syrian Kurds gather after crossing into Turkey near the southeastern town of Suruc in Sanliurfa province, on September 19, 2014.(ILYAS AKENGIN/AFP/Getty Images)
Western states have increased contact with the main Syrian Kurdish political party, the PYD - whose armed wing is the YPG, since IS seized areas of Iraq in June.
The YPG says it has 50,000 fighters and should be a natural partner in a coalition the United States is trying to assemble to fight IS.
Syrian Kurds' relationship with the West is complicated by their ties to the the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), a group listed as a terrorist organization by many Western states because of the militant campaign it has waged for Kurdish rights in Turkey.
The United States is conducting air strikes against IS in Iraq and last month U.S. President Barack Obama authorized surveillance flights over Syria. Last week he said he would not hesitate to strike IS. (Additional reporting by Orhan Coskun, Jonny Hogg and Tulay Karadeniz in Ankara, Tom Perry, Alexander Dziadosz and Laila Bassam in Beirut, Isabel Coles in Arbil; Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Dominic Evans)
Also on HuffPost:

How an MIT professors children helped build a more touch-sensitive robotKabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 20, 2014
By watching his children play, Edward Adelson got the idea for a new kind of robot. “I expected to be fascinated by watching how they used their visual systems, but I was actually more fascinated by how they used their fingers,” the MIT professor of vision science said . “But since I’m a vision guy, the most sensible thing, if you wanted to look at the signals coming into the finger, was to figure out a way to transform the mechanical, tactile signal into a visual signal.”
So Adelson developed the GelSight sensor, which is basically metallic paint on transparent rubber. When the sensor is pressed against an object, the rubber molds to it and the paint reflects the light in a way that allows the robot to make more precise measurements of the world around it. A modified version of the sensor has now been used to make robots that MIT and Northeastern University say has “unprecedented” abilities to manipulate objects.
“People have been trying to do this for a long time,” said Robert Platt, the robotics expert at Northeastern who is part of Adelson’s research team. “They haven’t succeeded because the sensors they’re using aren’t accurate enough and don’t have enough information to localize the pose of the object that they’re holding.”
The new sensor has been housed in a box that flashes different kinds of light on the sensor, allowing Adelson’s team to “infer the three-dimensional structure of ridges or depressions of the surface against which the sensor is pressed.” Robots can move objects if they are precisely positioned. The team’s robot, using the modified GelSight sensor, can pick up a USB cable draped freely over a hook and insert it into a USB port that only tolerates a millimeter’s error.
“Having a fast optical sensor to do this kind of touch sensing is a novel idea,” Daniel Lee, a professor of electrical and systems engineering at the University of Pennsylvania, told MIT. “I think the way that they’re doing it with such low-cost components—using just basically colored LEDs and a standard camera—is quite interesting.”
One measure of human sensitivity to touch is that two bumps need to be at least a millimeter apart to be distinguishable. By that standard, the GelSight sensor on the robot is about 100 times more sensitive than a human finger.
Share this:

Sierra Leone s Capital At Standstill As 3-Day Ebola Lockdown BeginsSierra Leone's Capital At Standstill As 3-Day Ebola Lockdown Begins
Reuters
Updated:
11/19/2014  5:59 am EST
Empty streets are seen, as Sierra Leone government enforces a three day lock down on movement of all people in an attempt to fight the Ebola virus, in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. Thousands of health workers began knocking on doors across Sierra Leone on Friday in search of hidden Ebola cases with the entire West African nation locked down in their homes for three days in an unprecedented effort to combat the deadly disease. (AP Photo/ Michael Duff) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
FREETOWN, Sept 19 (Reuters) - Streets in the capital of Sierra Leone were deserted on Friday as the West African state began a contested, three-day lockdown in a bid to halt the worst Ebola outbreak on record.
President Ernest Bai Koroma urged people to heed the emergency measures as health workers, some clad in protective biohazard suits, went house to house, checking on residents and marking each doorway they visited with chalk.
Radio stations played Ebola awareness jingles on repeat and encouraged residents to stay indoors.
"As they are fighting this Ebola, we pray that it will be eradicated. That's what we are praying for," said resident Mariam Bangura as she waited at her home in Freetown's West End neighborhood. Other residents looked out over the normally bustling seaside city from windows and balconies.
Nearly 30,000 health workers, volunteers and teachers aim to visit every household in the country of six million people by Sunday to educate them about the disease and isolate the sick.
In Freetown, teams got off to a slow start, waiting several hours to receive kits containing soap, stickers and flyers.
A few police cars and ambulances, sirens blaring, were the only traffic on the otherwise empty streets. One emergency vehicle was seen stopping at a house to take on a patient.
Ebola has infected at least 5,357 people in West Africa this year, mainly in Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia, killing 2,630 of those, according to the World Health Organization. The disease has also been reported in Nigeria and Senegal.
The outbreak of the hemorrhagic fever is the worst since it was identified in 1976 in the forests of central Africa.
Western nations, led by the United States, have pledged in recent days to ramp up their aid effort and the United Nations said on Thursday it would deploy a special mission, calling the outbreak a "threat to international peace and security."
"As the disease spreads, a truth becomes clear. None of us is insulated from the threat of Ebola. All of us must be part of the response," Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the U.N. General Assembly on Friday.
EXTRAORDINARY MEASURES
In Sierra Leone, at least 562 people have died so far from the disease.
"Today, the life of everyone is at stake, but we will get over this difficulty if we all do what we have been asked to do," President Koroma said in a television address late on Thursday.
"These are extraordinary times and extraordinary times require extraordinary measures."
Some have questioned whether the campaign will be effective. Sierra Leone newspaper Awareness Times in an editorial called the preparations for the lockdown "chaotic" and recommended its postponement.
"This morning many families are calling on the radio crying because of lack of food in their homes," said Ahmed Nanoh, executive secretary of Sierra Leone's chamber of agriculture. "Food prices have gone up 30 percent. Many homes that cannot afford (food) are starving.
Medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres, which has been at the forefront of the effort to contain the epidemic, warned last week that the lock-down could lead to the concealment of cases, potentially causing the disease to spread further.
An official for the United Nations children's agency UNICEF, Roeland Monasch, said, however, that the "Ose to Ose" campaign, which means "house to house" in local Krio, would be helpful.
"If people don't have access to the right information, we need to bring life-saving messages to them, where they live, at their doorsteps," he said.
Investors are worried about the consequences of the lockdown on Sierra Leone's iron ore production. In a bid to reassure them, African Minerals Ltd. said it expected no material impact on its iron ore operations.
GUINEA PURSUES KILLERS
Healthcare workers seeking to contain the Ebola outbreak have often been met with deep mistrust, hampering their efforts to stop its spread. One team of eight educating people on Ebola risks in a remote part of southeastern Guinea were killed and their bodies dumped in a village latrine, officials said on Thursday.
While recognizing that the risks faced by health workers, the World Health Organization said that the tragedy must not be allowed to derail the education effort.
"We should continue the dialog with the community, we should continue to explain our work, continue to show our empathy with the victims, with the families, with the communities," WHO expert Pierre Formenty said.
NGOs warned in a joint statement that the Ebola crisis could set back by a decade economic progress in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, and called on more governments to follow U.S. steps to expand efforts to stop the disease's spread.
U.S. President Barack Obama said earlier this week it would deploy 3,000 military engineers and medical personnel and other troops in the region. There are currently around 20 military personnel on the ground in Liberia conducting planning and assessment for the mission.
Over the weekend, 45 more U.S. soldiers are scheduled to arrive in Liberia's capital Monrovia to begin setting up a command center, Department of Defense spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby said on Friday.
In a rare piece of good news, Senegal's health minister said on Friday there was no further risk of Ebola spreading in his country, following the end of a quarantine period for those who came into contact with an infected man from Guinea. State television said the 21-year-old Guinean student was being repatriated on a military aircraft.
Ebola is endemic in forest mammals in parts of Central Africa but the deadly Zaire strain has never previously appeared in West Africa. Scientists say that a fruit bat butchered as bushmeat in Guinea last December probably started the epidemic.
A parallel outbreak has so far killed 40 people out of 71 cases in the Democratic Republic of Congo. (Additional reporting by Bate Felix in Dakar, Joe Bavier in Abidjan and Phillip Stewart in Washington D.C.; Writing by Emma Farge and Joe Bavier; Editing by Crispian Balmer and Grant McCool)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Disney eyes big picture with Bollywood linkDisney eyes bigger picture with Bollywood link
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1309d4a-3fc6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France asks India to finalise joint missile project soonFrance asks India to finalise joint missile project soon
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
France has asked India for early finalisation of the long-pending Rs 30,000-crore project for joint production of short-range surface-to-air missile (SR-SAM) systems.
In a letter, the French Defence Ministry has told its Indian counterpart that “it will carry out substantial transfer of technology and know-how, especially in the field of missile guidance“.
The French side has proposed that the project “would enable India to get in a few years in areas of strategic missile, the maximum autonomy you have called for“.
SR-SAM is proposed to be a joint venture between India and France and they have nominated the DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organisation) and a French multinational firm for the programme.
The deal has been under negotiations for over five years and has been awaiting final clearance after French President Francois Hollande and then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2013 announced that talks have been concluded between both the sides on the missile development project.
The IAF had raised certain objections over the programme but the Defence Ministry has to take a final call on the programme after holding discussions with all stakeholders.
The French Defence Ministry said it wants to actively participate in new Indian government’s plans to achieve autonomy in field of military hardware production.
It has said that the missile programme would help in meeting India’s domestic market and can also be supplied to future export markets.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

No quick fix in U.S. bid to end reliance on Russian rocket enginesNo quick fix in U.S. bid to end reliance on Russian rocket engines
Reuters
Tweet
WASHINGTON, Sept 21:  
The U.S. drive to end its reliance on Russian rocket motors got a boost this week when Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos unveiled a new engine project, but officials and industry insiders say it will take years and hundreds of millions of dollars to develop a locally built alternative.
Other companies, including privately held Space Exploration Technologies, led by another technology billionaire, Elon Musk, and Aerojet Rocketdyne, a unit of GenCorp Inc, have been energized by the Pentagon's growing determination to find alternatives to the Russian-built RD-180 engine now used to launch some of the biggest U.S. military and spy satellites.
Companies were due to submit by Friday formal requests for information (RFI) from the U.S. Air Force. The Air Force is also hosting meetings on the issue with the industry at Los Angeles Air Force Base next week.
Until now, U.S. production of the RD-180 or development of a separate engine were seen as too costly, and a possible irritant to relations with Moscow at a time when Washington depended on Russia to ferry U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station.
Those views changed after Russia annexed Crimea. U.S. officials are now more concerned that rising tensions could prompt Moscow to halt deliveries of the engines needed to launch the most sensitive U.S. spy satellites.
Lawmakers wrote to President Barack Obama this week, citing widespread support for efforts to develop a U.S. engine, and to ensure it would be available to multiple launch companies.
Air Force Secretary Deborah James told reporters the U.S. government was determined to end its reliance on the Russian engines "as soon as practicable."
Air Force officials would review industry responses to the RFI before deciding on the next steps, she added, but initial funding was likely to be included in the fiscal 2016 budget request submitted to Congress next February.
One former senior U.S. official cautioned the engine developed by Bezos' Blue Origin in conjunction with the United Launch Alliance - a joint venture of Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin - faced "a large number of technical challenges." The design calls for unconventional propellants such as liquid oxygen and liquefied natural gas.
Tory Bruno, chief executive of ULA, told reporters this week it would take about four more years before the Blue Origin engine was ready. He acknowledged the current Atlas 5 booster would need modification given the different fuel used by the BE-4 engine. He said ULA was confident about the project, but had "contingency plans" to fall back on.
Russia's Energomash was also continuing to deliver RD-180 engines, with no threat to that supply for now, Bruno added.
Bezos underscored the complexity of developing a new rocket engine, telling reporters: "There is no way to rush the rocket development process. You can't cut corners. It needs to be methodical and deliberate."
Aerojet Rocketdyne has been doing preliminary research with Dynetics Inc, a private research group, on a new engine.
Steve Cook, Dynetics' director of corporate development, said he was confident a prototype could be developed in 2-1/2 years, and a new engine could be ready by 2019.
SpaceX plans to unveil its own heavy-lift rocket next year, which could replace or augment ULA's Atlas 5 rocket.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Jaitley to launch enhanced single window website for taxpayersJaitley to launch enhanced ‘single window’ website for taxpayers
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Taxpayers will now be able to perform their I-T related works like filing returns or applying for a PAN card from an enhanced single website to be launched tomorrow by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
An updated version of the existing website of the Income Tax department — www.incometaxindia.gov.in — will now be acting as a “single window” for all activities and online services offered by the I-T department, officials said.
The website will be more user-friendly and robust, so that it can handle many hits at a time.
“The new website will have enhanced features and will be more customer friendly. The taxpayers will be able to file their I-T returns online and even apply for a PAN from this portal which was till now hosted on a different official web address of the department.
“The spruced up website is more robust and can handle the pressure of numerous hits at one time,” an official said.
It will also be more colourful with different icons marking separate activities as compared to the earlier version which only had two dominant shades of dark blue and white.
The website will also allow taxpayers to know about the I-T Act, various notices and circulars being issued from time to time and regular developments in the department.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had envisaged such a website in its ambitious ‘Vision 2020’ document prepared a few years back and the new website will be a culmination of efforts to give better services to taxpayers, they said.
Jaitley will launch the enhanced portal tomorrow by the click of a button from his office in North Block here in the presence of senior officials of CBDT and I-T department.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Indian Muslim League says will protect country  Bilawal daydreamerIndian Muslim League says will protect country  Bilawal daydreamer
India may announce visa-on-arrival for US tourists during PM visitComments
India is working on a proposal for Visa on Arrival (VoA) facility for US tourists, one of the big-ticket announcements expected to be made during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high-profile visit to the US beginning September 26.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is working overtime to finish the work on the VoA proposal to finalise it in time for the Prime Minister's visit, according to government sources.
MHA in consultation with the tourism ministry is working on the Tourist VoA (ToVA) under which visa can be granted to US citizens who do not have a residence or occupation in India and whose sole objective of visiting India would be recreation, sightseeing, casual visit to meet friends and relatives, etc, the sources said.
Under the new proposal, which is still being worked out, the stay limit is expected to be 30 days.
Initially, in January 2010 TvoA scheme was introduced for citizens of five countries and now, the facility is available for citizens of 11 countries Finland, Japan, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Singapore, Cambodia, Vietnam, Philippines, Laos, Myanmar, Indonesia and South Korea.
However, even despite being strategic partners, there is no TVoA facility for the citizens of India and the US in each other's country. As per some estimates, the annual flow of US tourists stand around 10 lakh, currently.
The Prime Minister will be on a five-day visit to the US during which he will address the UN General Assembly in New York and then travel to Washington where he would hold bilateral talks with US President Barack Obama, who invited Modi for a meeting during a call to wish him on his victory in the Lok Sabha polls nearly four months ago.

PM Modi s US visit: Corporates expect tangible outcomesPM Modi s US visit: Corporates expect tangible outcomes
Customised tablet devices with prices starting at Rs.5kCustomised tablet devices with prices starting at Rs.5k
Modi US visit: Visa on Arrival facility on anvil for UStouristsPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 5:37 pm
India is working on a proposal for Visa on Arrival (VoA) facility for US tourists, one of the big-ticket announcements expected to be made during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high-profile visit to the US beginning September 26.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is working overtime to finish the work on the VoA proposal to finalise it in time for the Prime Minister’s visit, according to government sources.
MHA in consultation with the Tourism ministry is working on the Tourist VoA under which visa can be granted to US citizens who do not have a residence or occupation in India and whose sole objective of visiting India would be recreation, sightseeing, casual visit to meet friends and relatives, etc, the sources said.
Under the new proposal, which is still being worked out, the stay limit is expected to be 30 days.
Initially, in January 2010 TvoA scheme was introduced for citizens of five countries and now, the facility is available for citizens of 11 countries –Finland, Japan, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Singapore, Cambodia, Vietnam, Philippines, Laos, Myanmar, Indonesia and South Korea.
However, even despite being strategic partners, there is no TVoA facility for the citizens of India and the US in each other’s country. As per some estimates, the annual flow of US tourists stand around 10 lakh, currently.
The Prime Minister will be on a five-day visit to the US during which he will address the UN General Assembly in New York and then travel to Washington where he would holdbilateral talks with US President Barack Obama, who invited Modi for a meeting during a call to wish him on his victory in the Lok Sabha polls nearly four months ago.
Obama will host a dinner for Modi on his arrival in Washington on September 29 from New York. Significantly, the US President’s dinner meet is not a usual practice and is normally accorded to foreign visitors on state visits.
The dinner meeting would be the first opportunity for Modi and Obama to interact with each other and will set the stage for the summit meeting on September 30.
Vice-President Joe Biden will host a working lunch for Modi on September 30 after which the Prime Minister is scheduled to attend a business event before leaving for India.
Modi’s visit, which is taking place at a time when ties between New Delhi and Washington have cooled somewhat over the arrest and stripsearch of Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade in New York late last year in an alleged visa fraud case, will provide an opportunity to the two sides to strengthen ties and focus on strategic areas of economic, defence, civil nuclear cooperation and trade and technology.

NASA launches USD 20 000 MarschallengePress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 21, 2014 5:24 pm
Attention, space enthusiasts! NASA is offering a USD 20,000 prize to anyone who can come up with a design idea for small science and technology payloads that could also provide the necessary weight to balance spacecraft entering the Martian atmosphere.
“NASA is committed to engaging the public, and specifically the maker community through innovative activities like the Mars Balance Mass Challenge,” said NASA Chief Technologist David Miller.
The Mars Balance Mass Challenge seeks design ideas for small science and technology payloads that could potentially provide dual purpose as ejectable balance masses on spacecraft entering the atmosphere of the Red planet.
The payloads will serve two roles: perform scientific or technology functions that help us learn more about the Red planet, and provide the necessary weight to balance planetary landers.
Submissions are due by November 21. A winner will be announced in mid-January 2015 and receive an award of USD 20,000, NASA said.
The US space agency has also launched a new website NASA Solve which it said is a “great way for members of the public, makers and other citizen scientists to see all NASA challenges and prizes in one location.”

Trade unions in IT worry Kerala industryTrade unions in IT worry Kerala industry
Saradha scam: CBI quizzes P. Chidambaram s wifeSaradha scam: CBI quizzes P. Chidambaram s wife
India and China: taking the right stepsIndia and China: taking the right steps
Asian Games: Taiwan s Hsu smashes lifting world recordAsian Games: Taiwan s Hsu smashes lifting world record
Interview: inside Anselm Kiefers studioInterview with Anselm Kiefer, ahead of his Royal Academy show
By Jackie Wullschlager
Politics, history, money – and alchemy. The provocative artist gives our visual arts critic a tour of his studio
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4ad87118-3f42-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salmond quits as vote shifts status quoSalmond resigns as No vote reverberates across political landscape
By George Parker and Mure Dickie in Edinburgh,
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/050f879e-401d-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Running with the FT: Malcolm Gladwell© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24f96668-3ec1-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Woodford raises stake in Game DigitalWoodford raises stake in Game Digital
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e04c55b4-3ffd-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leopard cubs found in fieldUpdated: September 20, 2014 02:22 IST
Leopard cubs found in field
R. Krishna Kumar
Tweet
They were discovered by farmers and agricultural workers engaged in harvesting the crop
Three leopard cubs were found in a sugarcane field at Kallahalli in Jayapura hobli of Mysore district, on Friday.
They were discovered by farmers and agricultural workers engaged in harvesting the crop, and the Department of Forests was alerted. They were found about a km away from the place where a female leopard was found dead on a tree last Friday.
Though there was speculation that the cubs could have belonged to the dead leopard, it was unlikely to have survived for a week without its mother, according to forest officials. “As per the protocol we keep a watch on the cubs for a few days and ensure there is no disturbance in the vicinity. The mother general tends to return to the cubs and they leave the place together,” explained V. Karikalan, Deputy Conservator of Forests, Mysore.
If the mother did not return even after two days, the department would take custody of the cubs and shift them either to the Mysore zoo or the Bannerghatta animal and rescue and rehabilitation centre.

Newborn Baby Girl Rescued From Sewer Pipereddit
Dramatic footage of a newborn baby girl being cut from a sewer pipe in a college dormitory has emerged.
A rescue operation was launched after cries were heard near the toilets at Linyi University in eastern China’s Shandong province, NBC news reports.
The channel cites state news agency Xinhua as stating the baby’s mother, a student at the university, gave birth early on Sunday morning.
The newborn baby girl was rescued from a sewer pipe in a university dormitory
No more is known about the mother and doctors have reportedly declined to comment on the baby’s condition.
Fire crews are understood to have used an angle grinder to break open the 20cm wide pipe the baby was wedged in.
The incident bears similarities to an incident in May last year, when a newborn baby boy was rescued from a sewage pipe beneath a squat toilet in Jinhua City, eastern China.
Fire crews released the baby on Sunday
The little boy was found stuck head first in the 10cm diameter pipe and was saved by fire crews who cut through the section of pipe and then used pliers and saws to tear it open.
Initial reports suggested the child’s mother could face charges of attempted murder, but Chinese authorities have confirmed she will not face criminal charges after it was revealed she raised the alarm and eventually identified herself to police.
The unmarried 22-year-old kept her pregnancy secret and gave birth unexpectedly, it was reported.
Last year a newborn was rescued in similar circumstances
The mother claimed the baby slipped into the sewage pipe by accident and that she informed her landlord when she was unable to pull the child out.
The child was treated in hospital for cuts to his face and limbs and was later reunited with his mother.
The little boy's feet could be seen poking out the top of the squat toilet
More:

Over Rs 1 000 crore damage to apple crop in J&K floods: Assocham16
0
New Delhi: Over Rs 1,000 crore worth of apple crop has been damaged in Jammu and Kashmir because of devastating floods, and consumers across the country should be prepared to pay high prices during the coming festival season, said an Assocham study.
"Floods have washed out Kashmir apple's crop worth Rs 1,000 crore leaving a devastating impact on growers and the collateral damage for the consumers in rest of the country," the industry body said.
Consumers should be prepared to pay high prices in the coming festival and winter season, it added.
Consumers should be prepared to pay high prices in the coming festival and winter season, it added.
#assocham #jammu and kashmir floods #apple crop
"With the supply line closed from Kashmir, the price of apple has already started shooting up and the ensuing Navratra season will see further jump by 40-45 per cent," Assocham Secretary General DS Rawat said.
As the supply from rest of the country will not be able to make up for the loss, dependence on imports will also increase, he added.
Rawat also mentioned that Kashmir apples have already lost a huge market share to those grown in other North Indian states due to the low prices of the latter variety.
The wholesale market organisers in Delhi are projecting more than 60 per cent fall in the quantity of apples from Kashmir in the entire season, according to Assocham's assessment.
The study also found that apple growers in the hilly state fear the disastrous year of business as extensive damage has been reported in the worst-hit districts of Baramulla, Kupwara and Sopore, which are the largest producers.
Production of Apple, which is the mainstay of Kashmir's economy with a turnover of Rs 1,200 crore a year, is about 1.6 million tonnes annually.
Apple production accounts for 86 per cent by value of the state's horticultural output worth Rs 1,000 crore.
8

Unpredictable Lions dare Knight RidersMore
Unpredictable Lions break new ground
Kolkata Knight Riders will look to stretch their winning run to 11 as they take on the first Pakistan team to make the main draw of the CLT20.
By The Preview by Siddarth Ravindran | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 21 Sep, 2014 10:22 AM IST
0
Lahore Lions during their match against Southern Express in Raipur.
Big picture — Lahore Lions have already reached uncharted territory by becoming the first Pakistan team to make it to the main draw of the Champions League T20, but they open the second phase of their campaign against one of the tournament favourites, Kolkata Knight Riders.
Gautam Gambhir 's side is already on the longest winning streak by an IPL team, having won 10 in a row, and have beaten another high-profile team, Chennai Super Kings, earlier this week. Much of that run was constructed by a strong bowling attack constricting the opposition to a small score, before Robin Uthappa and Co comfortably chased down the moderate targets. Uthappa missed the opening game, in which the top order crumbled, but Knight Riders coach Trevor Bayliss said the opener's knee is better and that he should return to action soon.
During their unbeaten run Knight Riders have been about as consistent as a Twenty20 team can get, but Lions are proving to be as unpredictable as their national team. Lions outplayed both their subcontinental opponents in the qualifying phase, but were woeful against Northern Knights, slumping to 37 for 7 at one stage. Which version will show up for Sunday night's quasi India-Pakistan clash?
Ten Doeschate and Russell against CSK in Hyderabad. They have also had a four-day break break since their previous game, but their captain Mohammad Hafeez said that won't affect their rhythm. "I think we needed (the break), in the qualifying we couldn't get any rest, we've been playing, practising everyday, and I think that was much needed for the team, they can have a breather."
Form guide: Kolkata Knight Riders WWWWW (most recent first, completed matches only) | Lahore Lions WLWWW
Watch out for:
In the opening game of the main phase of the tournament, Andre Russell showed how dangerous he can be in Twenty20s, blasting five sixes as he conjured a win from a seemingly hopeless situation against Super Kings. His performance earned him the praise of his captain, who wrote in his Hindustan Times column: "he is still a bloody good cricketer. There is a method to his power-hitting. Just recall his use of the depth of the crease while hitting those sixes against Chennai Super Kings."
Lions' fielding has not been at a high level this tournament, with plenty of chances going down. The ground fielding needs improvement as well - 39-year-old Scott Styris had joked he hadn't expected to be running too many twos at his age, but got a three against Lions when neither the man at long-on or the one at deep midwicket made an attempt to stop a loft to cow corner.
Stats and trivia:
If they win against Knight Riders, Lions will become only the second T20 team with an overall win-loss ratio of 4 or higher (min 20 matches) after Sialkot Stallions
Quotes: Our top order has performed extremely well in the past, that's the reason we won the IPL, so there's no need to panic just yet — Knight Riders coach Trevor Bayliss, on his team's top-order slump against Chennai Super Kings
We do not have any overseas players in our side, 7-8 are getting this chance first time in their life to participate in this big moment, we are very happy the way they are handling the pressure — Lions captain Mohammad Hafeez on reaching the Champions League's main draw
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Airlines oppose govt policy on connectivity to remote areasAirlines oppose govt policy on connectivity to remote areas
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 21, 2014 11:45 AM IST
Airlines and private charter operators have opposed the government's draft policy on air connectivity to regional and remote areas, saying it will have severe impact on their financial strength.
Almost all major airlines, including the proposed Tata-SIA carrier Vistara, and business jet operators have submitted their opinions to the Civil Aviation Ministry over the past few days opposing various provisions of the draft policy, and called for further deliberations.
To discuss the policy and other issues like high taxation on jet fuel with top airline officials, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju has convened a meeting here next week, official sources said.
The revised draft policy on air connectivity to regional and remote areas was made public last month by the Ministry, which proposed a major shift in the route dispersal guidelines and promised several incentives and exemption from various charges to airlines which fly to such unconnected places.
Terming the state governments as major stakeholders in improving air connectivity in the hinterland, the policy asks them to take financial measures like slashing VAT on jet fuel and underwriting of some seats to encourage aviation growth.
It also suggests that the state governments should waive electricity and municipal charges like house and property taxes for five years for airport infrastructure.
The draft proposes increase in the number of trunk routes from present 12 to 30 and identifies 87 regional "incentive destinations". It makes it mandatory for scheduled airlines to mount capacity "which is at least equal to the capacity deployed on trunk routes" by October 2015.
In its submission, private airline Jet Airways said the policy requirement to deploy 100% of trunk route capacity on regional routes could cause overcapacity and hence this should be should be reduced to 50%.

Blasts at Lucknow cracker maufacturing unitpicture  others
Blasts at Lucknow cracker maufacturing unit
At least six persons were killed and over a dozen suffered serious injuries in powerful blasts at a cracker manufacturing unit operational at a residence at Sisendi village in Mohanlalganj area, about 30 km from Lucknow, on Saturday (September 20) morning.
A woman inspects the site of an explosion. The small, makeshift factory had been manufacturing fireworks for next month’s popular festival of Diwali, an ancient Hindu celebration that is also known as the "festival of lights." (Source: AP Photo by Rajesh Kumar Singh)
Women gather at the site of an explosion. (Source: AP Photo by Rajesh Kumar Singh)
A woman lies unconscious after her husband, a tea vendor, got injured in the explosion. (Source: AP Photo by Rajesh Kumar Singh)
People gather at the site of an explosion. (Source: AP Photo by Rajesh Kumar Singh)
Related

Spanish Judge Indicts 9 Persons for Cyber FraudAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Measurement and Metrology Group explores business potential in IndiaSep 21, 2014 at  02:46pm IST
Measurement and Metrology Group explores business potential in India
1
0
Singapore: Measurement & Metrology Group (M&M) is exploring business potential in India's education sector, offering a wide range of laboratory equipment technologies.
"We are aiming to supply our products to labs in India's technical schools, having marketed these products in Southeast Asia and Africa," said Singapore-based M&M's business development manager Tandy Fong.
"It is the right time to enter the Indian market with M&M products," Fong told before leaving for "Productronica India 2014," a trade exhibition to be held in Bangalore from September 23-25.
Measurement & Metrology Group is exploring business potential in India's education sector, offering laboratory equipment technologies.
#measurement  metrology group #business potential #india #education sector
"Going forward, India would need a strong technically-trained workforce for its massive industrial sector," said Fong.
"In the ever changing technology era, it is important to train students in managing advance technologies and help them link-up with the fast-pace work schedules," he added.
M&M has supplied the equipment to technical schools in Vietnam, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Mongolia, Laos, the Philippines, Cambodia, South Africa, Kenya, Libya and Romania.
It is part of the 12-company Singaporean participation in the Bangalore exhibition. The group is supported by International Enterprise Singapore, a state-owned trade promotion agency.
1

PM s US visit: What awaits Modi | Big rallies planned to welcome ModiPrime Minister's US Visit: What awaits Narendra Modi
Sep 21, 2014, 03.24PM IST
(A mishmash of euphoria,…)
By: Sujeet Rajan
NEW YORK: When it comes to Indian prime minister Narendra Modi's upcoming visit to the US later this month, there is diverse reaction — euphoria and indifference; cautious optimism of new economic fronts sprouting; as well as a heavy dose of scepticism.
Some wave it off as blase — a tedious deja vu of a diplomatic role play, with minimal results forthcoming. Others see it as an opportune moment to protest.
The euphoria is mostly among the Gujarati community, especially in the Tristate areas of New York City and New Jersey. The public reception for Modi at the Madison Square Garden (MSG) on September 28 is what they are waiting to savour, the lynchpin of his five-day visit — at least for these supporters.
The organizers were warned by the Prime Minister's Office not to make it an all-Gujarati show. So tickets were allocated to different Indian American organizations all over the country. An overwhelming response led to a lottery thrown in to determine 1,500 individual tickets.
Sellout Crowd
Seven hundred of the 20,000 total seats at the MSG have been sold to patron members, donors and advertisers, to cover the $1.5-million expense, out of which 20 seats are worth $50,000 each, said Bharat Barai, the organizer of the meet and a close confidant of Modi, in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine. "We have been fair, transparent and methodical in allocating tickets," said Barai.
Modi will be speaking on a rotating stage. By the time he's done with his speech, he would have made a 360° turn. Like at the United Nations, headphones and translations will be available for all invited dignitaries, apart from English sub-titles on giant screens. His speech will also stream live on the Fox Studios outdoor big screen at Times Square.
No community member will share the stage with Modi. Introductions to some 30-odd US Senators and Congressmen who have been invited, would be done by the emcees, former Miss America Nina Davuluri and newscaster Hari Sreenivasan. Billionaire Vivek Ranadive's daughter Anjali gets to sing the US national anthem, while playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy will in all likelihood sing the Indian anthem.
Violin maestro L Shankar will perform, to become only the second Indian-origin musician to perform at the venue, after Ravi Shankar's iconic concert for Bangladesh in July, 1971.
Actress Preity Zinta will be in the audience. Some Bollywood stars had offered their services for the occasion, but were turned down, according to a source.
In New York, Modi is also expected to visit Ground Zero after his address to the UN General Assembly on September 27 and pay his respects at the 9/11 museum there, apart from attending an NGO-organized annual meet 'Global Citizens Festival' at the Central Park, where he is scheduled to give a 15-minute talk on eradicating poverty by 2030. Around 40,000 people attend the festival every year. Modi will also attend several private receptions, including two back-to-back ones at The Pierre hotel overlooking Central Park, organized by the US India Business Council, and the Indian embassy, after his show at the MSG on the 28th.
  The Tough Part
Things will change for Modi once he begins the tough part of his trip: Washington, DC. The rock star status Modi is likely to enjoy in New York is bound to come down by a few notches on Capitol Hill, as experts would look for only one thing — results from his meeting with President Barack Obama over two days, which includes a dinner on the 29th.
Many experts feel India needs to prove to the US that it's ready to take equal responsibility on global issues, not just seek avenues to boost ties on the economic front.
Christine Fair, assistant professor in the Center for Peace and Security Studies at Georgetown University's Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Service, and the author of Fighting To The End - The Pakistan Army's Way of War, said in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine that the Obama administration, while being sceptical of further economic reforms in India, would "like to see the Indian government act like one, to be a global power". Fair added: "Different people are looking at different relationships [from the Obama-Modi meet]. I would like to see a discussion on what India can do on security issues, on more intelligence issues."
Fair pointed out that India has not been cooperative with the US on Russia, and has been hedging on Syria. "India has not been very imaginative with the US on these issues. India is offering a no value proposition on these issues, so I don't see anything significant coming from this visit," said Fair, adding that the US will look to India to cooperate on fighting ISIS in Iraq and Syria, monitoring the situation in Afghanistan, while India will seek help in curbing the designs of the al-Qaeda.
Remember 2002?

MHA for prior security clearance of telecos ...MHA wants prior security clearance of telecom companies for licence
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 03.20PM IST
Tags:
Department of Telecom
(In a communication to the…)
NEW DELHI: The Home Ministry has insisted that obtaining prior security clearance should be made mandatory for service providers for granting them telecom licences.
In a communication to the Department of Telecom, the Home Ministry has suggested that clearance from security agencies must be taken before issuing any applicant company telecom licence. This should include verification of antecedents of the directors and promoters of the firm.
As of now, the Department of Telecom first gives licence to a company to provide mobile telephone services on the basis of its application and the security clearance is sought from the Home Ministry only before the launching of the service.
The DoT has been told that since the process of issuing security clearance to a company has been streamlined, an applicant company can obtain it within 12 weeks and should not be worried about any delay.
A verification of character and antecedents of the directors and promoters of the applicant company should be sought by the Department of Telcom before granting any licence, the Home Ministry has suggested.
The Home Ministry has conveyed that if security agencies find anything adverse while verifying the antecedents of the company and its promoters, it would be difficult for the government to revoke the licence as the applicant may move court.
Under the new guidelines, the Home Ministry will decide on security clearances for any project forwarded by any Ministry or Department within a strict time-frame of 12 weeks.
If there is any "adverse" comment by security agencies for any project, the Home Ministry will share it with the nodal Ministry or Department compulsorily.
In 2013, a total of 42 FDI proposals in strategic sectors like aviation, telecom, infrastructure were received by the Home Ministry for security clearance and 27 of them had been cleared while in 2012, 36 FDI proposals were received for security clearance and 33 of these were granted clearance.
Industries often complained of delay in getting security clearance which sometimes took as long as six months to one year.
Power, Surface Transport and Shipping were some of the sectors in which a security clearance took months.
The Prime Minister's Office is said to be closely monitoring the exercise to streamline the process of granting security clearance as delay in giving approval to various projects has been considered as a "major bottleneck" for the timely completion of various industrial initiatives.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Customised tablet devices with prices starting at Rs 5kCustomised tablet devices with prices starting at Rs 5k
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Challenging the one-size-fits-all approach of leading electronics manufacturers, a home-grown company has brought in a new concept of customised tablets for specific segments like children, women, seniors, professionals and gamers with prices starting at under Rs 5,000.
Besides being customised at the hardware and software levels, these tablets—— under the brand name ‘Pinig Tabs’ and powered by Android operating system — would provide ‘managed device’ services to users through the product’s lifecycle.
The company, Pinig Tech, has categorised its tablets as Executive Tab, Kids Tab, Woman Tab, Gaming Tab and Senior Tab for different user groups. The tablets would start at a price of under Rs 5,000 and can go up to Rs 12,800 depending on the configuration that a user requires.
“We are passionate about technology and want to make it easy to use for everybody. You shouldn’t have to be tech-savvy to enjoy all the benefits of technology. While your 8-month-old child can use the Kids Tab for learning numbers and rhymes, your 70-year-old dad can use the Senior Tab to watch his grandchildren learn their first words,” Pinig Tech’s co-founder Piyush Nigam said.
These tablets would come with a range of apps selected on the basis of the needs of the target user, while ensuring compatibility with a particular device’s configuration.
The company said that Pinig Tab would be a ‘managed device’, which means that it automatically upgrades chosen apps as and when a new version of the app is released.
The company has also lined up big plans for the upcoming festive season, while it is also in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations.
Besides, Pinig aims to tap social media platforms and schools to promote these tabs.
Apart from discounts, Pinig would be offering festive packs that include branded tablet covers, earphones, 3G dongle and other accessories.
Rise of smartphones with large screen has eaten into the global tablet and 2-in-1 market with shipment growing just 3.9 per cent to 50.4 million units in the January-March quarter, research firm IDC said.
Slow growth across commercial and consumer segments saw sales of players like Apple, Asus and Amazon also falling.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

NCP not cooperating in Maharashtra Assembly elections: Manikrao ThakreMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Tension in Mainpuri village after killing of fouryouthsPress Trust of India | Mainpuri | Posted: September 21, 2014 5:42 pm
Tension prevailed here following the killing of four youths by motorcycle-borne assailants in the district’s Asrohi village.
Six people on three motorcycles arrived at the Asrohi crossing and opened fire, killing Akhilesh (27), Natiya (25), Neeraj (30) and Sonu (22) on the spot on Saturday, Superintendent of Police Srikant Yadav said on Sunday.
The assailants fled after the shooting.
Senior officials including Inspector General of Police Agra Zone and District Magistrate rushed to the area, which lies in the high-profie Mainpuri constituency earlier represented by ruling Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav.
A large contingent of police was deployed. Police had to face resistance from the families of the victims and other villagers when they entered the village.
Police could send the bodies for post mortem only after Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav interacted with the victims’ families on the request of the newly elected MP Tej Pratap Singh.
Jetendra Yadav, uncle of deceased Neeraj, has lodged an FIR at Police station Karhal against Rakesh Yadav alias Abba, Ram Ji Lal, Than Singh, Shishupal ingh, Ram Raj, Sushil alias Karu and Kutua.
No arrests have been made so far. IG has announced a reward of Rs 15000 for the arrest of main accused Rakesh Yadav.

CNN World Exclusive: Full transcript of Prime Minister Narendra Modi s interview133
4
Speaking on the need of development of the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi stressed on the girl child's education and also on the need to ensure the safety of the girl child. He said that the dignity of women is a collective effort and not an issue which should be politicised by leaders in his first interview after assuming the office of the Prime Minister.
Here is the full transcript of the interview:
Fareed Zakaria: After your election, people have begun asking again a question that has been asked many times for the last two decades, which is, will India be the next China. Will India be able to grow at 8-9 per cent a year consistently and transform itself and thus transform the world?
#narendra modi #the modi interview #fareed zakaria #tracking the modi government
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: India does not need to become anything else. India must become only India. This is a country that once upon a time was called 'the golden bird'. We have fallen from where we were before. But now we have the chance to rise again. If you see the details of the last five or ten centuries, you will see that India and China have grown at similar paces. Their contributions to global GDP have risen in parallel and fallen in parallel. Today's era once again belongs to Asia. India and China are both growing rapidly together. That is why India needs to remain India.
Fareed Zakaria: But people would still, I think, wonder that can India achieve the kind of 8 & 9 per cent growth rates that China has done consistently for 30 years and India has only done for a short period.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: It is my absolute belief that Indians have unlimited talent. I have no doubt about our capabilities. I have a lot of faith in the entrepreneurial nature of our 1.25 billion people. There is a lot of capability. And I have a clear road-map to channel it.
Fareed Zakaria: China's behavior in the east China seas and the south China seas over the last two years has worried many of its neighbours. The head of the governments in Philippines and Vietnam have made very sharp statements worrying about it. Do you worry about it?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: India is different. It is a country of 1.25 billion people. We can't run our country if we get worried about every small thing. At the same time, we can't close our eyes to problems. That's why India maintains that we are now in a different era. We are not living in the eighteenth century. China is also a country with an ancient cultural heritage. Look at how it has focused on economic development. It's hardly the sign of a country that wants to be isolated. It wants to stay connected. That is why we should have trust in China's understanding and have faith that it would accept global laws and will play its role in cooperating and moving forward.
Fareed Zakaria: Do you look at China and feel that it has been able to develop as fast as it has, really the fastest development in human history, because it is an authoritarian government, because the government has the power to build great infrastructure, to create incentives for investment. Do you look at that and think to yourself that that would be, there is a price to democracy that you have to do things a little bit more slowly.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: If China is one example, then democratic countries provide another example. They have also grown fast. You can't say that growth is not possible because of democracy. Democracy is our commitment. It is our great legacy, a legacy we simply cannot compromise. Democracy is in our DNA.
Fareed Zakaria: You don't look at the power of the Chinese government and wish you had some of that authority.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: See, I have seen the strength of democracy. If there were no democracy then someone like me, Modi, a child born in a poor family, how would he sit here? This is the strength of democracy.
Fareed Zakaria: There are many people in the United States and some in India who wish that the United States and India were much closer allies. The world's oldest democracy, the world's biggest democracy, but somehow that has never happened and there have always been these frictions and difficulties. Do you think it is possible for the United States and India to develop a genuinely strategic alliance?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: I have a one word answer: YES. And with great confidence I say "yes". Let me explain. There are many similarities between India and America. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light. America has absorbed people from around the world ... and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterizes both the societies. Indians and Americans have coexistence in their natural temperament. Now, yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, has witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the United States of America are bound together, by history and by culture. These ties will deepen further.
Fareed Zakaria: So far in your contacts with the Obama administration, you have had several cabinet ministers come here. Do you feel that there is a genuine desire from Washington to try to upgrade the relationship with India substantially?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Relations between India and America should not be seen within the limits of just Delhi and Washington. It's a much larger sphere. The good thing is that the mood of both Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this.
Fareed Zakaria: With regard to Russia's action in Ukraine. India has not been particularly active. Do you, how do you view Russia's annexation of the Crimea.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Firstly, whatever happened there, innocent people died in a plane accident. That's very saddening. These are not good things for humanity in this age. We have always expressed those views. There is a saying in India that the person who should throw a stone first is the person who has not committed any sins. In the world right now, a lot of people want to give advice. But look within them, and they too have sinned in some way. Ultimately, India's view point is that efforts need to be made to sit together and talk, and to resolve problems in an ongoing process.
Fareed Zakaria: One of the areas that India has come on to the world scene or people have read about and heard about it, which has been unfortunate has been violence against women. This issue of rape. Why is it you think that there is this problem of, it seems persistent discrimination and violence against women in India and what do you think can be done about it?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Look, us political pundits shouldn't tangle ourselves up in knots by searching for the root cause of this problem. More damage is done by statements from political pundits. Dignity of women is our collective responsibility. There should be no compromise in this matter. There should be no erosion in the law and order situation. We have to revive the family culture in which a woman is respected and considered equal, her dignity encouraged. The main thing here is girl child education. By doing so the possibility of empowerment will increase. On August 15, my government pushed ahead a movement called: educate the girl, save the girl.
Fareed Zakaria: Ayman-al- Zawahiri the head of Al Qaida has issued a video and an appeal trying to create an Al Qaida in India. In south Asia he says but the message was really directed towards India and he says he wants to free Muslims from the oppression they face in Gujarat, in Kashmir. Do you think, do you worry that something like this could succeed?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India. They will die for India. They will not want anything bad for India.
Fareed Zakaria: Why do you think it is that there is this remarkable phenomenon that you have a 170 million Muslims and they seem to be almost no or very few members of Al-Qaeda. Even though Al-Qaeda is in Afghanistan and of course the many in Pakistan. What is it that has made this community not as susceptible?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Firstly, I am not the authority for doing a psychological and religious analysis on this ... But the question is, whether or not humanity should be defended in the world? Whether or not believers in humanity should unite? This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity. Nothing else.
Fareed Zakaria: When you look a year or two from now. Let us say a year from now. What would you like people to say that you have accomplished in your first year in office.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: See the biggest thing is that the people of the country have faith. That trust should never break. The public should have faith that this is the government they elected, and it's trying to work for their welfare with honesty and commitment. That's the biggest thing. If I can win the confidence of the people of India-not from my speeches-but by actions, then the power of 1.25 billion Indians will come together to take the country forward.
Fareed Zakaria: How do you relax? What do you enjoy doing when you are not working?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Look, I'm not the "not-working" type. I derive pleasure from my work. Work gives me relaxation too. Every moment I am thinking of something new: making a new plan, new ways to work. In the same way that a scientist draws pleasure from long hours in the laboratory, I draw pleasure in governance, in doing new things and bringing people together. That pleasure is sufficient for me.
Fareed Zakaria: Do you meditate? Do you do Yoga?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: I'm fortunate that I was introduced to the world of yoga and pranayama at an early age. That has been very useful to me. I always advise everyone to make this a part of their lives
Fareed Zakaria: You gave a long speech about the benefits of Yoga. Explain what you see them as.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Sometimes, we notice our mind works on one thing, the body on another, and time brings us in conflict. Yoga synchronizes the heart, the mind, and the body. That is Yoga.
850

New Android One phones may hit market by December-endNew Android One phones may hit market by December-end
Shooters on Target  Squash and Badminton Players Guarantee MedalShooters on Target  Squash and Badminton Players Guarantee Medal
Mobile app for clicking selfie with Isros MangalyaanMobile app for clicking selfie with Isro’s Mangalyaan
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 21:  
City-based start-up Smartur has developed a mobile application (app) built on augmented reality that allows users of Android phone users and iOS mobile devices to click a selfie with Indian spaceship Mangalyaan that is due to land on Mars next week.
The Smartur app will provide the mobile users a platform to experience and participate in India’s most important space programme milestone -- the historic arrival of Mangalyaan on Mars on September 24, according to a release here today.
The Smartur app is an augmented reality app that has been developed using a 3D model and provides the user with an almost ‘real’ experience of seeing the object (in this case Mangalyaan) in their living environment, the release said.
The app allows the participants to click and upload/share innovative pictures that can look like Mangalyaan is lifting off from their hands or out of their car or any other idea that comes to their mind, it said.
A participant would be required to download the app for free on their mobile device and take a print out of the ‘Marker’ (a marker is a design that helps the model Mangalyaan to be placed in reality). The combination of the app and marker would give users an actual feel of being right there with the Mangalyaan, it said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Delhi produces 680 tonnes fish (Lead  superseding earlier story)Delhi produces 680 tonnes fish (Lead  superseding earlier story)
NASA s MAVEN close to entering Mars orbitNASA s MAVEN close to entering Mars orbit
Dignity of women a collective responsibility  says ModiDignity of women a collective responsibility  says Modi
G20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by $2 trillionG20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by $2 trillion
Meddings lands board role at L&G© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ede8f916-400c-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ONGC invested 81 890 crore for raising outputIndia's largest oil and gasproducer ONGC said on Friday it has invested Rs. 81,890 crore in bringing on stream newer discoveries and arrest natural decline that has set in its ageing fields.
 
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC chairman and managing director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's annual general meeting (AGM) here.
 
However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
 
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has deployed the best-in-class technologies in its Improved Oil Recovery (IOR) and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) schemes on these fields.
 
"Our efforts have paid off well with 7.46 million tonnes in FY'14 alone, which is about 33 per cent of ONGC's domestic crude production. Thus, till FY'14, a cumulative incremental gain of 87.41 million tonnes has been achieved," he said, adding a total of Rs. 41,316 crore capex has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, out of which 19 have already been completed.
 
Stating that ONGC was committed to expeditiously develop its oil and gas reserves, he said out of 15 prospective projects taken up for development, seven projects are already complete and eight are under various stages of implementation.
 
Some of these projects like C-24, B-22 Cluster, SB-14, B-46, BHE & BH-35, North Tapti, C-Series and D-1 are already on stream and producing.
 
"These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of over Rs. 40,573.7 crore, are geared up to produce additional 45.66 million tonnes of crude oil and 67.44 billion cubic meters of natural gas," he said.
 
Sarraf said ONGC was focused on development of Daman gas fields in western offshore and oil and gas discoveries in KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 area.
 
"Development of Daman, a cluster of several discoveries in western offshore, has already been approved by the Board with an investment of Rs. 5,219 crore, envisaging peak production of about 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day and start-up of production by July, 2016. All out efforts are also being made to ensure production from KG-DWN-98/2 by 2018," he said.
 
During 2013-14, 84.99 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas reserves were accreted, the highest in last 23 years.
 
Also, ONGC achieved a Reserve Replacement Ratio (RRR) of 1.87. This is the 9th consecutive year that your Company has achieved RRR more than one.

Jake Gyllenhaal Lists LA Home for $3.5Mjake gyllenhaal lists la home for $3.5m
Akshar spells doom for TridentsKings XI Punjab pull off thrilling win against Barbados
CLT20, GAME 5—David Miller, Akshar Patel prevail in tight finish in a home game.
By The Report by Alagappan Muthu | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Kings XI Punjab 178 for 6 (Miller 46*) beat Barbados Tridents 174 for 6 (Reifer 60*, Munaweera 50, Awana 3-46) by four wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Patel took 20 off the penultimate over by Rampaul to settle the game.
The Kings XI Punjab production line of batsmen was under threat of being shortcircuited but Akshar Patel strode in at No. 8 and clobbered 20 runs off the penultimate over to script a second successive victory in Mohali. The situation had not been too dire, but that cameo erased all doubts of the outcome of the match. Barbados Tridents, as their coach Desmond Haynes said, fought fire with fire when they amassed 174, but their bowling in the death could not keep to their disciplines.
Things had looked promising for Tridents when they got rid of Virender Sehwag and Glenn Maxwell in the space of 12 balls. Losing that much batting muscle with eight overs left and a run-rate climbing towards nine an over is never healthy. Unless you are Kings XI.
David Miller played an innings that didn't quite exemplify his 'in the arc out of the park' philosophy. He brushed past a few nervous moments against spin when Jeevan Mendis benefited from uncertain bounce. His timing was inconsistent, but found the boundary when needed most. Ashley Nurse was cracked for a six off the final ball of the 17th over. The equation reduced to 34 off 18. The last ball of the next one hurtled to the midwicket boundary to take it down to 25 off 12. And then Akshar's carnage began.
Ravi Rampaul was belted to long-on, lofted over cover and hooked over the square-leg boundary. In between there was an outside edge to the third man boundary to add to the excitement. Rampaul, Tridents' most experienced bowler, had leaked 50 off his four overs. Akshar, the youngest player of the Kings XI side, bashed 23 off only nine balls.
Rayad Emrit , the Tridents captain, had said he would have taken an equation of 20-odd in the final two overs. But his bowlers did not log enough time searching for the blockhole. The only potent threat was the legspinner Mendis, who got alarming turn on occasion and enjoyed low bounce on others to cede only 18 runs for two key wickets: Sehwag who had fuelled a strong Kings XI start and George Bailey, the captain. Kings XI needed 47 off the final four overs. They got 50 off 3.4.
Bowling had seemed Tridents' strength coming into the tournament after losing Shoaib Malik , Dwayne Smith and Kieron Pollard . But this game turned that impression topsy-turvy.
Dilshan Munaweera, the Sri Lanka batsman, hammered 50 of his team's 61 during the Powerplay. There were slugs down the ground, scoops behind the wicket, drills over and through cover to keep up a frenetic pace. He wasn't able to sustain it past the Powerplay but the foundation had been laid.
Raymon Reifer, the Combined Campuses and Colleges batsman, bashed an unbeaten 60 off 42 balls. He used his feet well to find his power, coming down the track before muscling the ball. He carted 40 from 26 balls off the spinners, who assisted his strokeplay by resorting to darts whenever they were attacked.
Kings XI's bowling was the weaker link, but they could lay claim to being caught by surprise - Munaweera's T20 strike rate before this game was 116. Reifer has only played six games across two seasons of CPL. Tridents though knew who they had at the crease and their dug out was buzzing throughout their batting innings. It wasn't a few hours on.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

People Really DO Look Like Their Dogs  And Here s Whyreddit
Dog owners look like their dogs. Or so people say.
Take Huffington Post sports columnist Jordan Schultz (below), who says he and his wife, Breanna, are often told they're the spitting image of their pups Lexi and Zepplin. "People always say that," he said. "And I love it, huge compliment for sure."
Whether or not you think the Schultzes look like their pets, it seems science is on their side on this one.
Sadahiko Nakajima is a psychologist whose research on dog-owner resemblance has enjoyed a resurgence of interest in recent weeks thanks to coverage in Slate , the U.K.'s Daily Mail and other news outlets. Nakajima, a researcher at Japan's Kwansei Gakuin University, says there's evidence to support not just the notion that humans and their pet dogs look alike, but also why that's so.
It's all in the eyes, he claims.
An experiment Nakajima conducted in 2009 showed that people were, at a rate significantly higher than chance, able to match dogs and their owners simply by looking at photographs of their faces. His findings were similar, he says, to those of previous studies . Taken together, he told The Huffington Post in an email, the evidence from his and other scientists' research shows that the popular belief in dog-owner physical resemblance is empirically valid.
But the question as to why this was the case spurred Nakajima to conduct another experiment -- the results of which were published last year in the journal Anthrozoös -- that sought to determine if the pet-human resemblance could be traced to a specific facial feature.
For the experiment, more than 500 people were shown two sets of photographs. One set showed pictures of real dog-owner pairs, while the other set had random pairings of people and dogs. The participants were randomly assigned to one of five different “masking” photo conditions, pictured below: no-mask (in which the human's and the dog's faces were unobstructed), eye-mask (the human's eyes were blacked out), mouth-mask (the human's mouth was blacked out), dog-eye-mask (the dog's eyes were blacked out), and eye-only (where just the eyes of the human and the dog could be seen).
The participants were then asked to select the dog-owner pairs that physically resembled each other.
The results of the experiment were fascinating.
As in Nakajima's 2009 experiment, participants who were shown the unobstructed photos correctly identified the dog-owner pairs most of the time. (In this case, their accuracy rate was up to 80 percent.) When the owners' mouths were concealed, participants were correct 73 percent of the time.
But when the eyes of either the humans or the dogs were blacked out, the participants' accuracy fell to the level of random chance -- around 50 percent either when the human's eyes were blacked out, or when the dog's were.
When participants were shown only the eyes of the dog and the human, their accuracy rose to 74 percent.
It seems the eyes really do have it!
The results "clearly show that individuals make decisions on dog-owner resemblance primarily by comparing features of the eye region between dogs and owners," Nakajima concluded in his paper.
But why do people wind up looking like their dogs? Nakajima told HuffPost that "a major reason of the dog-owner facial resemblance is the so-called 'mere exposure effect,'" or the idea that a person might choose to get a dog who looks similar to themselves because of a preference for the familiar.
By submitting your image, you are agreeing to The Huffington Post's TOS: bit.ly/HuffPostTOS
Also on HuffPost:

Is the Apple Watch worth your timeprint
Techilicious columnist Rajiv Makhni
Apple’s power to shock and surprise is becoming weaker and weaker. This isn’t entirely a failing of the company or its products (though it is a little of that), but it’s just the way Apple has grown.
It’s such a huge company now, with so many people developing the ecosystem around its products, that it’s quite impossible for them to keep anything under wraps anymore. Pictures, specs, features, exactly what they will announce with what name and price – it is known to almost everyone before the awesome event itself.
This, combined with the fact that expectations from Apple are always sky high, does lead to serious disappointment after the event is over. Not this time!
The event this time was different in many ways. It was staged at the Flint Center (their most iconic products  have been launched there), it was live-streamed to the world (despite huge technical issues, including an intermittent Chinese translation voice-over that got streamed everywhere) and it finally had Tim Cook use Steve Jobs’s legendary phrase “one more thing” for the first time.
Tim Cooks up a Watch
The thing was the Apple Watch, and this was one of the first products from Apple in a long time to actually surprise people. Kept tightly under wraps, most people in the know were quite sure that there would be no Apple Watch till a few days before the event.
One hint came in form of the large number of invites sent out to the fashion press rather than just the Geek Mob. There weren’t any major spy pictures out there, no leaks on functionality and specs and almost no major chatter.
The ‘One More Thing’ moment for Tim Cook had the desired effect. The shock and awe across the world was profound. But beyond the fact that Apple was able to surprise the world, does the Apple Watch have enough to turn around the most dead of all categories?
A Big Task
Smartwatches came riding on a wave of euphoria, which was shortlived, as company after company learnt that getting people to strap on one more device on their wrist was almost impossible.
Customers just weren’t convinced of the need to wear something that is just a glorified accessory to their phone and pay big bucks for it. If the Apple Watch does become a huge seller, then the market would open up for other players to come swooping in.
Did Apple do enough? Does the first ever non-Steve Jobs curated and conceived product in a long time have what it takes to dramatically turn things around?
The Good
Well, it doesn’t start too well. This is a surprisingly chunky product from Apple, and at first glance, reminds you of the  iPod Nano with a strap. But after the initial surprise, things become much better.
It comes in two sizes, three finishes (including 18k gold) and multiple strap options. It’s got a great screen and isn’t too big on the wrist. It’s the interface controller that is a bit of a revelation.
Apple took the crown of a typical watch, and made that the primary interface controller by loading some sensors into it and giving it a lot of functionality. Apple calls it a digital crown.
The Apple Watch has sapphire glass, a heart-rate sensor, a touchscreen and a force sensor (you can long press for a right click with options), a very sleek wireless charging system, voice control (it’s Siri enabled), has a special button underneath the digital crown to activate a messaging app, has walkie-talkie abilities and can give you voice-guided direction on maps.
The interface is completely different, the developer community participation seems robust. Cook himself said that there is no point in just shrinking a phone onto a wrist, and overall it seems Apple got it completely right. But...
The not so good
Yes, there are quite a few big buts here. The design is very unlike what people expect from Apple, as the good looks and cool design touches come more from the straps rather than the thick watch itself.
The small dots that you use to trigger apps and other features, seems to be an interface nightmare (the dots become too small if you want many of them on the screen, and endlessly scrolling around that area to get to your app is a terrible idea), battery life seems to be iffy since it wasn’t spoken about at all.
The interface requires you to learn new things, and is totally different from the iPhone and iPad. You need an iPhone for the watch to work, which makes this a very expensive proposition to get started with.
One of the biggest features on the watch is the fact that it will replace your credit card and wallet, but this comes at a time when Apple’s security and protection has come under serious scrutiny (iCloud celebrity leaks of nude pictures was the latest one and no, none of my pictures got leaked at all so stop searching for them!) and most importantly the product isn’t ready yet and will only appear sometime early in 2015.
Countdown 2015
This delay at a time when the competition is truly baying for blood with some great second- and third-generation smart watches (Samsung’s standalone new Gear S is awesome as are the Moto 360 and the LG G Watch R) could be serious trouble for the company.
Still, this is Apple and people tend to wait for something from them. Plus, Apple has enough time to tweak and perfect it before they get it out.
Time will tell (pun intended) if the Apple Watch sets new records in sales or becomes its first major disaster in a long time.
Rajiv Makhni is managing editor, Technology, NDTV, and the anchor of Gadget Guru, Cell Guru and Newsnet 3
From HT Brunch, September 21
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Leonardo DiCaprio  Emma Watson bring star power to UNPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 21, 2014 3:22 pm
Star-power was on full display at the UN here with Hollywood actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Emma Watson joining hands with the world body and lending their support to issues of women’s empowerment and climate change.
Oscar-nominated actor and the new UN Messenger of Peace DiCaprio, on Saturday met United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon at the world body’s headquarters where he stressed that “climate change is perhaps the most important issue of our time” and tackling it will be “no small task”.
“His global stardom is the perfect match for this global challenge,” Ban said on Saturday.
UN Women Goodwill Ambassador Watson, renowned for her lead role as Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter film series, launched the UN Women ‘HeForShe’ campaign with Ban that calls on men and boys worldwide to raise their voice for gender equality and women’s empowerment.
DiCaprio is expected to join the Secretary-General at the Peoples’ Climate March in New York today where around 100,000 people are expected to come, demanding more action over climate change ahead of UN Climate Summit on September 23.
At the summit, more than 120 Heads of State and Government are expected to announce their visions and commitments for reaching a universal and meaningful climate agreement in 2015, and to demonstrate actions that will reduce emissions, enhance resistance to climate change and mobilise financing.
Over the next 12 months, the ‘HeForShe’ campaign intends to mobilise one billion men and boys as advocates and agents of change for gender equality.
Referring to her role as Hermione Granger in Harry Potter, Watson said many in the audience might ask: “Who is this ‘Harry Potter’ girl and what is she doing speaking at the UN?” while admitting that she had asked herself the same question since being named UN Women Goodwill Ambassador.
“All I know is that I care about this problem and want to make it better. I feel it is my responsibility to say and do something. I am reaching out to you because we need your help. We want to end gender inequality and to that we need everyone involved,” Watson said.
“The reality is, that if we do nothing, it will take 75 years before women can expect to be paid the same as men for the same work…and at the current rate, it will 2086 before all rural African girls can have a secondary education.
“I want men to take up this mantle. So that their daughters, sisters and mothers can be free from prejudice, but also so that their sons have permission to be vulnerable and human too – reclaim those parts of themselves they abandoned and in doing so be a more true and complete version of themselves,” Watson said.

This company has made a tablet customised to your needs at 5k onwardsprint
Challenging the one-size-fits-all approach of leading electronics manufacturers, a home-grown company has brought in a new concept of customised tablets for specific segments like children, women, seniors, professionals and gamers with prices starting at under Rs. 5,000.
Besides being customised at the hardware and software levels, these tablets -- under the brand name 'Pinig Tabs' and powered by Android operating system -- would provide 'managed device' services to users through the product's lifecycle.
The company, Pinig Tech, has categorised its tablets as Executive Tab, Kids Tab, Woman Tab, Gaming Tab and Senior Tab for different user groups. The tablets would start at a price of under Rs. 5,000 and can go up to Rs. 12,800 depending on the configuration that a user requires.
"We are passionate about technology and want to make it easy to use for everybody. You shouldn't have to be tech-savvy to enjoy all the benefits of technology. While your 8-month old child can use the Kids Tab for learning numbers and rhymes, your 70-year old dad can use the Senior Tab to watch his grandchildren learn their first words," Pinig Tech's co-founder Piyush Nigam said.
These tablets would come with a range of apps selected on the basis of the needs of the target user, while ensuring compatibility with a particular device's configuration.
The company said that Pinig Tab would be a 'managed device', which means that it automatically upgrades chosen apps as and when a new version of the app is released.
The company has also lined up big plans for the upcoming festive season, while it is also in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations.
Besides, Pinig aims to tap social media platforms and schools to promote these tabs.
Apart from discounts, Pinig would be offering festive packs that include branded tablet covers, earphones, 3G dongle and other accessories.
Rise of smartphones with large screen has eaten into the global tablet and 2-in-1 market with shipment growing just 3.9% to 50.4 million units in the January-March quarter, research firm IDC said.
Slow growth across commercial and consumer segments saw sales of players like Apple, Asus and Amazon also falling.
However, customised tablets are becoming popular in developed countries with many players offering products tailor-made for specific customer groups.
Mayank Saxena from the Online Marketing Team at Pinig Tech said customers can get life-time service on these tabs through its website pinig.com and also select different apps.
"Moreover, we are in the process of contacting schools for our Kids Tab," said Manjeet Singh from the Product Development Team. The Kids Tab is available in three age categories, ranging from toddlers to pre-teens.
"We have big plans for this year's festive season. We are in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations for Diwali and beyond. With social media gaining popularity, we also plan to issue coupon codes for our tablets.
"Apart from discounts on the tablets, we would be offering festive packs that include accessories that a user may need.
"These become attractive gifting options, particularly because the range of offering has wide appeal across age groups, while representing an exciting alternative to traditional gifts," said Vikrant Sharma from the Business Development Team.

NSG writes to SPG to enhance VVIP securityskillsThe counter-terror force which is securing 15 VVIPs at present has asked SPG, which protects the Prime Minister and his immediate family, to "audit" its functioning and give its commandos some tips.
PTI | Posted: September 21, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 5:58 pm
NSG commandos, who guard some of the most high-risk VVIPs in the country, are set to sharpen their skills in this domain with the elite force asking the Special Protection Group to audit its performance and share expertise in better securing its protectees.
The counter-terror force which is securing 15 VVIPs at present has asked SPG, which protects the Prime Minister and his immediate family, to “audit” its functioning and give its commandos some tips to operate in a smarter and swifter manner.
This is the first time the force is getting an assessment done of its VVIP security duties, and, officials said, the idea was mooted by NSG chief Jayanto N Choudhury after he took over the reins of the ‘black cats’ few months ago.
“SPG which secures the Prime Minister and his family works under an Act of the Union. They perform their duty of ensuring proximate security to the VVIPs with utmost swiftness.
“It was felt necessary that NSG needs to learn more and hence, it has written to SPG to assess its functioning in the VVIP security domain,” the officials said.
The ‘black cats’ of the force, at present, guard 15 ‘Z+’ category VVIPs which includes Home Minister Rajnath Singh, BJP patriarch L K Advani, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, her Uttar Pradesh counterpart Akhilesh Yadav, besides Chief Ministers Raman Singh (Chhattisgarh), Parkash Singh Badal (Punjab), Tarun Gogoi (Assam), BSP chief Mayawati, NC President Farooq Abdullah, DMK chief K Karunanidhi and S P chief Mulayam Singh Yadav among others.
The officials said NSG wants to bring its security drills and protocols on par with what is rendered by SPG so that there is a “fool proof” security for its protectees.
“This is a rare collaboration between the two special security units of the country. Under this exchange, which is expected to happen soon, both the forces stand to gain,” they said.
They said after the government recently made it clear that no more VVIPs would put under NSG cover, the force is aiming to render the “topmost” level of security to these leaders who move across the country for their public engagements.
“May be some more drills will be added to NSG operating procedures post this interaction,” the officials said.
They said as SPG functions under an Act, it has better resources and manpower to render its duties and this is what NSG would want to add as its role differs from that of SPG.
‘Black cat’ commandos only secure a VVIP during travel and not when he or she is at a location.
A set of continued…

All of a sudden priorities changed  from bringing the bride to save herfamilyA view of the flooded Lal Chowk area in Srinagar. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 21, 2014 5:51 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 6:01 pm
The day Sajad Ahmed Bhat, a resident of Rambagh locality in Srinagar, was getting ready to bring his bride home, he got a call from his would-be in-laws that the marriage had to be postponed in view of flooding in the area.
Sajad was among many who had to postpone their weddings in the wake of the worst ever flood in a century, that has so far claimed at least 277 lives.
The devastating flood in Jammu and Kashmir that forced people to put their lives on hold, has also hit wedding plans for many in the Valley.
“As I was putting on my wedding costume, I came to know that flood water has entered the house of my bride. Her family had to be rescued after their house got completely inundated,” Sajad said.
He said initially his would-be in-laws were busy shifting their household items to the second floor of the house, hoping that the water level would not reach there, but little did they know that soon they will have to run for their lives, leaving everything behind.
Sajad and his friends were planning to go and help his bride’s family, not knowing that within hours he will have to seek help to save his own house.
“All of a sudden the priorities changed, from brining the bride it was to save her family, but as we were about to leave our house to help them, water started entering our house. So we now had to struggle to save our own lives,” Sajad said.
Sajad says bringing the bride home was the last ritual in the wedding and a day earlier they had already served marriage feast to around 400 guests.
“The flooding in Kashmir postponed my wedding and we will now announce the new dates only after the situation here become normal,” said Sajad.
Similar is the case with Karanjeet Singh Raina a resident of Allochi Bagh locality. He was to get married on September 28, but following the floods his family too had to postpone his wedding.
“We had just finished distribution of invitation cards for the wedding. All the preparations were in place. The marriage function was to start from September 23 but following the havoc caused by the floods we were left with no other option but to postpone the wedding,” said Karanjeet Singh.
He said the area continues to be submerged under three to four feet of water. “We lost most of household items in the flood. Water reached till the first floor of our two-storey house… My parents took shelter in a nearby school,” he said.
The authorities in Kashmir say that thousands of planned weddings were postponed following the unprecedented flood in the Kashmir Valley.
“The priorities have changed. The people who were making preparations for marriages in the families, had to run for their own lives and continued…

India may announce visa-on-arrival for US touristsComments
India is working on a proposal for Visa on Arrival (VoA) facility for US tourists, one of the big-ticket announcements expected to be made during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high-profile visit to the US beginning September 26.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is working overtime to finish the work on the VoA proposal to finalise it in time for the Prime Minister's visit, according to government sources.
MHA in consultation with the tourism ministry is working on the Tourist VoA (ToVA) under which visa can be granted to US citizens who do not have a residence or occupation in India and whose sole objective of visiting India would be recreation, sightseeing, casual visit to meet friends and relatives, etc, the sources said.
Under the new proposal, which is still being worked out, the stay limit is expected to be 30 days.
Initially, in January 2010 TvoA scheme was introduced for citizens of five countries and now, the facility is available for citizens of 11 countries Finland, Japan, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Singapore, Cambodia, Vietnam, Philippines, Laos, Myanmar, Indonesia and South Korea.
However, even despite being strategic partners, there is no TVoA facility for the citizens of India and the US in each other's country. As per some estimates, the annual flow of US tourists stand around 10 lakh, currently.
The Prime Minister will be on a five-day visit to the US during which he will address the UN General Assembly in New York and then travel to Washington where he would hold bilateral talks with US President Barack Obama, who invited Modi for a meeting during a call to wish him on his victory in the Lok Sabha polls nearly four months ago.

Great expectations from Modi s US visitGreat expectations from Modi s US visit
Saradha scam: Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram s wife examined by CBISaradha scam: Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram s wife examined by CBI
India  US bound together by history and culture: PM ModiIndia  US bound together by history and culture: PM Modi
Ukraine ceasefire is in name only: NatoUkraine ceasefire is in name only: Nato
Asian Games 2014: Indian Team Claims Bronze in 10m Air PistolAsian Games 2014: Indian Team Claims Bronze in 10m Air Pistol
Delhi chief secy seeks speedy completion of Mandoli jailDelhi chief secy seeks speedy completion of Mandoli jail
Miliband moves on English MPs roleMiliband open to greater role for English MPs on English matters
By Jim Pickard and Elizabeth Rigby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11741776-417a-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here s how iPhone 6 Plus looks from insideLike previous iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus uses a Qualcomm 4G LTE modem.
Reuters | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:06 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:13 pm
Apple’s iPhone 6 Plus uses chips from Qualcomm, Skyworks Solutions , Avago Technologies and other companies, according to gadget repair firm iFixit, which pried one of the devices open in Melbourne early on Friday.
Apple said it received a record 4 million first-day pre-orders for the new phones, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago, underscoring investors’ expectations the new handset will maintain the Silicon Valley company’s stellar growth.
The interior of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
The company is releasing a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers worldwide, with sales launching in Australia on Friday morning and then in the United States and other countries.
Like previous iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus uses a Qualcomm 4G LTE modem, according to iFixit.
Dissembling the device in a Mac repair shop after lining up overnight to buy a phone, iFixit technicians also discovered a Murata wifi module, a Broadcom touchscreen controller, and chips from Skyworks, Avago and TriQuint.
The A8 processor of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
News that a supplier has been chosen – or rejected – for one of Apple’s products can sometimes cause drastic swings in stock prices. Apple doesn’t disclose which companies make the components that go into its smartphones. It also imposes strict rules forbidding its suppliers from discussing Apple-related business with investors and the media.
Shares of GT Advanced Technologies Inc, a mineral crystal specialist, slumped 13 percent on Sept 9 after some investors were surprised the US company’s scratch-resistent sapphire glass was not being used on the new iPhones.
The rear-facing camera of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
The phones launched on Friday are Apple’s first to include NFC radio chips used for the new Apple Pay mobile payment platform. The NFC chip in the iPhone 6 Plus comes from NXP Semiconductors, according to iFixit, in line with most investors’ expectations.
NXP also supplies a motion co-processor, key to making the iPhone’s sensors work without draining its battery, iFixit said.
As in other iPhones, Apple has designed its own main processor with technology licensed from ARM Holdings and in this device it is the A8 chip.
The back of the logic board of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
The iPhone 6 Plus opened by iFixit also included a NAND flash memory chip, used for storing music and photos, made by SK Hynix. Apple in the past has depended on multiple companies to supply its memory chips.
Raymond James analysts expects sales of iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus to top 9 million in the first weekend.
As well as Apple’s stores, AT&T Inc, Sprint Corp , T-Mobile US Inc and Verizon Wireless in the United States will start selling the phones on Friday.

Mars mission: ISRO geared up for a crucial m...The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) engine now in an idle mode on the Mars Orbiter Mission for 300 days will be fired for about four seconds which, if successful.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Ahead of India's Mars orbiter's scheduled rendezvous with the red planet on September 24, ISRO is all set for the crucial fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine on the spacecraft tomorrow.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) engine now in an idle mode on the Mars Orbiter Mission for 300 days will be fired for about four seconds which, if successful, will boost the confidence level of ISRO about the success of insertion of the spacecraft into the Martian orbit.
"We are all set for the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine, commands have already been loaded into the spacecraft for this event and has also been verified," a top ranking ISRO official told PTI here.
He said the event is crucial as the engine stored in the orbit for about 300 days without operation will be restarted for testing.
"This test firing of the LAM engine is like a trial, which is going to be fired for a longer duration on September 24 for Mars Orbit Insertion," he said. The engine will be test fired for 3.968 seconds with fuel consumption of about 0.567 kg and with a decremental velocity of 2.142 meters/second.
The MOM, India's first interplanetary mission launched on November 5, 2013 by India's workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh, will enter into Sphere of Influence of Mars tomorrow.
On a 666 million km journey, the spacecraft escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1,2013.
In case of any problem in tomorrow's manoeuvre, ISRO said it is ready with Plan B where in eight thrusters alone will be firing for a longer duration, probably consuming more fuel, and try to get in orbit around Mars.
In a critical act in the final moments on September 24, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit for the mission to be declared a success. The engine would be fired for 24 minutes on that day to reduce its velocity and insert it into the Martian orbit.
If the Rs 450 crore MOM mission turns out to be a success, ISRO would be the fourth space agency in the world to have sent a mission to Mars. European Space Agency (ESA) of European consortium, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) of the US and Roscosmos of Russia are the only three agencies which have so far sent their missions to the red planet.
Only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries have been successful
If the final moments on September 24 are a success, India would be the first Asian country to go to Mars and also the first to succeed in the maiden attempt.
ISRO would utilise four ground stations for the operation --- Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) at Byalalu near Bangalore, Goldstone in USA, Madrid in Spain and Canberra in Australia.

US urges EU to do more to aid its economyUS urges EU to do more to stimulate its economy
By Jamie Smyth in Cairns
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4137a208-4160-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NSCN (IM) leaders arrive in Delhi for resumption of Naga peacetalksPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 21, 2014 6:21 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 6:22 pm
More than ten months after the last round of talks, a high-level delegation of NSCN (IM) leaders have arrived in the national capital at the invitation of the government of India for resumption of the Naga peace talks.
The delegation led by its chairman Isak Chisi Swu and general secretary Thuingaleng Muivah will first meet different officials before attending the formal discussions slated sometime next week. The delegation arrived in New Delhi on Saturday.
It was in November last year that New Delhi had held the last round of discussions, while a meeting with then prime minister Manmohan Singh, slated for December 6, 2013 was cancelled at the last moment. A delegation of the NSCN (IM) had visited New Delhi in March this year after the Centre had called off another round of talks in view of the Lok Sabha elections.
There have been speculations in the media in Nagaland about NSCN (IM) leaders also meeting Prime Minister Modi, especially in view of then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee appreciating the “unique history of the Nagas” during his visit to Nagaland in July 2002.
The NSCN (IM) has been on a ceasefire with the government of India since August 1, 1997, following which it has held a series of discussions with New Delhi. While the group has dropped its demand for ‘sovereignty’, but  it has maintained that it would continue to press for integration of all Naga-inhabited areas.
The group had earlier this month taken exception to the appointment of former IB special director RN Ravi as New Delhi’s new interlocutor in view of certain remarks made by him in an newspaper column in December last year. This had prompted new Nagaland governor and veteran BJP leader PB Acharya to clarify that Ravi’s article was written much before the new government was elected.

Don t hit below the belt  rake up old issue: Ajit Pawar5
0
Mumbai: Ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, Deputy Chief Minister and NCP leader Ajit Pawar on Sunday took to the Facebook to make an appeal that his political rivals and media should not hit "below the belt" and rake up old issues.
Pawar, who came in for intensive flak for his comment on the drought situation in 2013, said he had apologised for it. "If there is no water in the dam, what can be done? Am I supposed to urinate in the dam or what," Pawar had said, which kicked off a storm of protest, after which he apologised.
Pawar, in a statement circulated on Facebook by his followers today, said he should not have made the comment, but all efforts to persuade Bhaiyya Deshmukh, a Solapur-based farmer, to end his fast had failed. "Political rivals were using him to target the government which was making every effort to provide relief to the farmers," Pawar said.
Ajit Pawar said that the media was not as aggressive 25 years ago as it is now.
#ajit pawar #social media #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra
He later sat on a fast for ten hours at the memorial of the Y B Chavan, the first Chief Minister of the state, as a penance over his mistake, he said.
"The coming days will see hectic electoral politics. Please don't hit below the belt and don't rake up an issue which is a closed chapter," he said.
Pawar also said that the media was not as aggressive 25 years ago as it is now. "If a politician made a slip of tongue, the media would be forgiving back then," he said.
He said recently he aired some personal views in an informal gathering for journalists at his bungalow, but the statements made "breaking news" even before the interaction ended. "Was it right to publicise something said in informal chat?" he asked.
He was referring to his reported statement that he would not agree to become the Deputy Chief Minister if Prithviraj Chavan became the Chief Minister again.
2

Maoist camp busted in Odisha  weapons seizedSep 21, 2014 at 05:57pm IST
Maoist camp busted in Odisha, weapons seized
10
0
Phulbani (Odisha): A Maoist camp was neutralised and some weapons as well as naxal literature were seized after a gun-battle with security forces in a forest in Odisha's Kandhamal district today, police said.
The encounter took place during a joint combing operation by the Special Operation Group (SOG) and armed police in Bodasingha forest near Balandapada, said Kandhamal Superintendent of Police Kanwar Vishal Singh.
As the joint team approached the camp, the Maoists opened fire which was retaliated by the forces leading to a fierce exchange of fire, he said, adding, about 18-22 ultras were present at the site.
After the Maoists fled the scene and disappeared deep inside the forest, the security personnel recovered three rifles, a revolver and some other materials including leaflets and Maoist literature from the camp, the SP said.
After the Maoists fled the scene and disappeared deep inside the forest, the security personnel recovered three rifles, a revolver and some other materials including leaflets and Maoist literature from the camp, the SP said.
Combing operation in the area was continuing and efforts were on to track the ultras.
While no security personnel was hurt in the encounter, it was not certain whether any of the red rebels had sustained injury in the gun-battle, Singh added.
1

Jan Dhan  Scheme: National Payment Corp Scrambles to Issue RuPay CardsJan Dhan  Scheme: National Payment Corp Scrambles to Issue RuPay Cards
Yoga synchronises heart  mind  and body: PM Modi advises to everyoneForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Al-Qaeda dreaming if it thinks Indian Muslims will listen to it: PM ModiForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Indian women settle for badminton team bronzeIndian women settle for badminton team bronze
The BJPs in a spotThe BJP’s in a spot
A Srinivas
Tweet
And Modi’s appeal may have dimmed a bit
The BJP has slipped into a fragile situation in astoundingly quick time: it won only 12 of the 33 seats in the recently held Assembly by-elections. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have to hit the campaign trail once again for the upcoming elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, something he did not do for these elections. His presence may do the trick, just as Nitin Gadkari’s cannot, but we may not see the wave that characterised his pre-poll rallies. Hence, the fragility: the party has one vote-catcher and his rockstar-like appeal may have dimmed just a bit.
The results serve to put the May 16 verdict in perspective. Modi had drummed up the general elections as a personality contest between him and Rahul Gandhi — the charismatic subaltern versus a prince fumbling with his silver spoon. Central to Modi’s charm offensive was his promise of development. He must have been only too convincing, creating huge expectations. That’s also asking for trouble, since the onus is entirely on him, and not his party, to deliver the goods.
Modi seems to favour personality over party contests, so that he faces no threat from within BJP and the Sangh Parivar. His style, oddly reminiscent of an insecure Indira Gandhi, who too ran down other leaders, worked in Gujarat. But it may unravel on a national scale when he has more competition than Keshubbhai Patel and Praveen Togadia to deal with. Unless Modi shares power within the Government and the party, dissidence may gain ground. Election campaigns may be undermined; we may see calculated leaks on the Government’s slip-ups. Modi’s traditional friction with the upper castes may lead to issues with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. His style of dealing with opponents is to ensure that he remains the only effective vote-catcher. He works the media to this end.
Event and image management — playing drums in Japan and hosting the Chinese president on the banks of the Sabarmati — may succumb to the law of diminishing returns. Unless the economy turns around fortuitously — and that may actually happen if oil prices continue to fall — Modi’s not on sure ground. What next for the BJP?
Deputy Editor
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

ONGC  3 Others Lose Rs 39 391 Crore in Market ValueYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC, Reliance Industries, 2 Others Lose Rs 39,391 Crore in Market Capitalisation
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 21, 2014 15:00 (IST)
Vistara Airline Launch Held Up Due to Flying Permit Delay
New Delhi: Four of the top 10 Sensex firms suffered a combined loss of Rs 39,391.49 crore from their market valuation in the week ended September 19, with state-run ONGC taking the steepest hit.
While ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), Coal India Ltd (CIL) and State Bank of India (SBI) suffered losses in their market capitalisation or M-cap, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma added a cumulative Rs 26,758.27 crore to their market value.
The m-cap of ONGC declined by Rs 20,661.51 crore to Rs 3,46,497.35 crore, while that of Coal India tumbled by Rs 7,642.8 crore to Rs 2,18,451.46 crore.
RIL's value dropped by Rs 6,824.25 crore to Rs 3,21,677.70 crore and SBI lost Rs 4,262.93 crore in market capitalisation, taking its M-cap to Rs 1,91,757.30 crore.
In contrast, TCS added Rs 20,018.2 crore to Rs 5,30,433.33 crore in its market valuation, while the m-cap of ITC rose by Rs 3,116.42 crore to Rs 2,86,634.60 crore.
The M-cap of Infosys surged by Rs 1,671.03 crore to Rs 2,12,550.65 crore, followed by HDFC Bank (Rs 1,110.32 crore to Rs 2,07,568.71 crore), ICICI Bank (Rs 645.55 crore to Rs 1,81,714.77 crore) and Sun Pharma (Rs 196.75 crore to Rs 1,67,107.03 crore).
In the ranking of top 10 firms, TCS stood at the No. 1 position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 29.38 points to 27,090.42.
Story first published on: September 21, 2014 14:58 (IST)

Sunday ET | Cos bet big on renewable energy ...Prime Minister's US Visit: What awaits Narendra Modi
Sep 21, 2014, 03.24PM IST
(A mishmash of euphoria,…)
By: Sujeet Rajan
NEW YORK: When it comes to Indian prime minister Narendra Modi's upcoming visit to the US later this month, there is diverse reaction — euphoria and indifference; cautious optimism of new economic fronts sprouting; as well as a heavy dose of scepticism.
Some wave it off as blase — a tedious deja vu of a diplomatic role play, with minimal results forthcoming. Others see it as an opportune moment to protest.
The euphoria is mostly among the Gujarati community, especially in the Tristate areas of New York City and New Jersey. The public reception for Modi at the Madison Square Garden (MSG) on September 28 is what they are waiting to savour, the lynchpin of his five-day visit — at least for these supporters.
The organizers were warned by the Prime Minister's Office not to make it an all-Gujarati show. So tickets were allocated to different Indian American organizations all over the country. An overwhelming response led to a lottery thrown in to determine 1,500 individual tickets.
Sellout Crowd
Seven hundred of the 20,000 total seats at the MSG have been sold to patron members, donors and advertisers, to cover the $1.5-million expense, out of which 20 seats are worth $50,000 each, said Bharat Barai, the organizer of the meet and a close confidant of Modi, in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine. "We have been fair, transparent and methodical in allocating tickets," said Barai.
Modi will be speaking on a rotating stage. By the time he's done with his speech, he would have made a 360° turn. Like at the United Nations, headphones and translations will be available for all invited dignitaries, apart from English sub-titles on giant screens. His speech will also stream live on the Fox Studios outdoor big screen at Times Square.
No community member will share the stage with Modi. Introductions to some 30-odd US Senators and Congressmen who have been invited, would be done by the emcees, former Miss America Nina Davuluri and newscaster Hari Sreenivasan. Billionaire Vivek Ranadive's daughter Anjali gets to sing the US national anthem, while playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy will in all likelihood sing the Indian anthem.
Violin maestro L Shankar will perform, to become only the second Indian-origin musician to perform at the venue, after Ravi Shankar's iconic concert for Bangladesh in July, 1971.
Actress Preity Zinta will be in the audience. Some Bollywood stars had offered their services for the occasion, but were turned down, according to a source.
In New York, Modi is also expected to visit Ground Zero after his address to the UN General Assembly on September 27 and pay his respects at the 9/11 museum there, apart from attending an NGO-organized annual meet 'Global Citizens Festival' at the Central Park, where he is scheduled to give a 15-minute talk on eradicating poverty by 2030. Around 40,000 people attend the festival every year. Modi will also attend several private receptions, including two back-to-back ones at The Pierre hotel overlooking Central Park, organized by the US India Business Council, and the Indian embassy, after his show at the MSG on the 28th.
  The Tough Part
Things will change for Modi once he begins the tough part of his trip: Washington, DC. The rock star status Modi is likely to enjoy in New York is bound to come down by a few notches on Capitol Hill, as experts would look for only one thing — results from his meeting with President Barack Obama over two days, which includes a dinner on the 29th.
Many experts feel India needs to prove to the US that it's ready to take equal responsibility on global issues, not just seek avenues to boost ties on the economic front.
Christine Fair, assistant professor in the Center for Peace and Security Studies at Georgetown University's Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Service, and the author of Fighting To The End - The Pakistan Army's Way of War, said in an interview to The Economic Times Magazine that the Obama administration, while being sceptical of further economic reforms in India, would "like to see the Indian government act like one, to be a global power". Fair added: "Different people are looking at different relationships [from the Obama-Modi meet]. I would like to see a discussion on what India can do on security issues, on more intelligence issues."
Fair pointed out that India has not been cooperative with the US on Russia, and has been hedging on Syria. "India has not been very imaginative with the US on these issues. India is offering a no value proposition on these issues, so I don't see anything significant coming from this visit," said Fair, adding that the US will look to India to cooperate on fighting ISIS in Iraq and Syria, monitoring the situation in Afghanistan, while India will seek help in curbing the designs of the al-Qaeda.
Remember 2002?

Punjab to use eco-friendly techniques to revive pondsPunjab to use eco-friendly techniques to revive ponds
PTI
Chandigarh, Sept 21:  
Punjab Government has identified eco-friendly techniques to rejuvenate 1,829 ponds in 1,333 gram panchayats across the state.
A pilot project was initiated in some villages in Ludhiana district for the cleaning of ponds by successfully using water stabilisation technology, an official spokesman said today.
He said the government had approved similar technique for cleaning of rivers in the state.
The state government will spend about Rs 100 crore on cleaning of village ponds covering 134.86 acres of land.
According to a recent survey conducted by Rural Development and Panchayats department, there are 17,255 ponds in the state that covered approximately 24,405 acres land.
The spokesman said under this programme all the village ponds would not only be rejuvenated but also developed as a green site by planting trees around these ponds besides creating a pollution-free environment to ensure healthy and pleasing surroundings for villagers where they could go for morning walk.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Deep sea fishing policy: Fishermen body urges Centre to reject panels recommendationsDeep sea fishing policy: Fishermen body urges Centre to reject panel’s recommendations
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Sept. 21:  
The fishing folk have called upon the Centre to reject the expert panels’ recommendations on deep sea fishing policy, as it would hurt both the sector as well as fishing operations hardly.
Raising concern over the proposals made by the expert committee, All Kerala Fishing Boat Operators Association pointed out that the report is an open invitation to foreign vessels to invade Indian seawaters instead of suggesting remedial measures for the better management of fish resources natively.
The expert committee headed by B. Meenakumari had made various recommendations which included creation of offshore buffer zones up to 200 metre depth to augment fishery resources as well as enactment of comprehensive legislation to regularise Indian fishing fleets in the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ).
Joseph Xavier Kalappurakkal, General Secretary of the Association told Business Line that most of the recommendations were made without a systematic assessment of the socio economic and conservation issues in the sector.
According to him, the fishermen community in all the maritime states and union territories should be consulted and their opinions should be taken before coming out with changes in deep sea fishing policy and respected guidelines.
The Association, he said, also forwarded a letter to the Prime Minister requesting him to convene a national meet with Parliament members, various stakeholders in the sector, and leaders from the fisher-folk and other governmental agencies to bring out comprehensive policy guidelines in deep sea fishing under the Letter of Permit (LOP) scheme.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Idea extends free talk time in Kashmir till October 3Idea extends free talk time in Kashmir till October 3
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Telecom operator Idea Cellular has extended free talk time offer for pre-paid customers in flood-affected Kashmir till October 3.
“All Idea prepaid customers of Kashmir can now make unlimited local Idea calls for the next 15 days without doing any recharge. This has been enabled till 3rd October 2014,” Idea Cellular said in a statement.
Besides, the company has auto-credited Rs 12 in the accounts of customers with low balance in Srinagar region to enable people make emergency calls if stranded.
The company said natural calamity in the region has destroyed some of its mobile tower sites and other network equipment, impacting coverage.
However, the company has been able to restore services in all district headquarters in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The network has been completely restored in Jammu region and parts of Anantnag, Bandipore, Baramula, Budgam, Ganderbal, Kulgam, Pulwama, Shupiyan and Srinagar,” the Idea statement said.
On the other hand, Airtel, the largest telecom operator in the state in terms of subscriber base, said it is continuing to run free PCO services in the flood-affected region.
It said 85 per cent of its mobile sites have been restored and around 90-95 per cent sites will be operational in next 72 hours.
“Around 90-95 per cent of the network will be up in the next 72 hours,” an Airtel official said.
The company said its network connectivity is now restored in all 22 district headquarters and all its 3G sites in the valley are running normally.
“Connectivity restored at J&K Bank headquarters in Srinagar along with some of its other branches in the state and efforts are on to secure complete normalcy across all its branches and ATMs.
“Other major banks and government relief camps in Srinagar have also been connected now using 13 VSATs that have been installed at various locations in the city,” Airtel said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Mobile app for clicking selfie with ISROsMangalyaanThe app allows the participants to click and share innovative pictures that can look like Mangalyaan is lifting off from their hands or out of their car or any other idea that comes to their mind.
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 21, 2014 6:28 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 6:30 pm
City-based start-up Smartur has developed a mobile application (app) built on augmented reality that allows users of Android phone users and iOS mobile devices to click a selfie with Indian spaceship Mangalyaan that is due to land on Mars next week.
The Smartur app will provide the mobile users a platform to experience and participate in India’s most important space programme milestone – the historic arrival of Mangalyaan on Mars on September 24, according to a release here on Sunday.
ALSO READ:  NASA launches USD 20,000 Mars challenge
The Smartur app is an augmented reality app that has been developed using a 3D model and provides the user with an almost ‘real’ experience of seeing the object (in this case Mangalyaan) in their living environment, the release said.
The app allows the participants to click and upload/share innovative pictures that can look like Mangalyaan is lifting off from their hands or out of their car or any other idea that comes to their mind, it said.
A participant would be required to download the app for free on their mobile device and take a print out of the ‘Marker’ (a marker is a design that helps the model the Mangalyaan to be placed in reality). The combination of the app and marker would give users an actual feel of being right there with the Mangalyaan, it said.
Users of Android phone and iOS mobile devices can click a selfie with Mangalyaan that is due to land on Mars next week.

Three Maoists arrested in MuzaffarpurThree Maoists arrested in Muzaffarpur
Nehwal  Sindhu Lead Indian Women s Team into QuarterfinalsNehwal  Sindhu Lead Indian Women s Team into Quarterfinals
French mostly favor military involvement in Iraq: pollFrench mostly favor military involvement in Iraq: poll
Mine it  use it  dont export itMine it, use it, don’t export it
Sanak Mishra
Our black gold Safer at home PAUL NORONHA
The key to a manufacturing revival lies in firming up steel output through domestically sourced iron ore
The revival of manufacturing in India, coupled with increased exports of finished goods, will be a game-changer for India’s economic and social development. Given the declining trend in China’s export competitiveness on account of currency appreciation and labour cost inflation, its cost advantage appears to have shrunk. India, in fact, is already one of the most competitive manufacturing nations in the world today. In the Global Manufacturing Competitiveness Index published by Deloitte in 2013, India is placed as the fourth most competitive nation in the world, behind China, Germany and the US. But the share of the manufacturing sector of India’s GDP has stagnated at around 15 per cent.
The National Manufacturing Policy proposed by the previous government — yet to be taken up for implementation — had set its agenda to increase the sectoral share of manufacturing in GDP to at least 25 per cent by 2022; increase the rate of job creation to 100 million additional jobs by 2022; and enhance global competitiveness, domestic value addition, technological depth and environmental sustainability of growth.
To achieve these objectives, India needs to invest around $1.5 trillion by 2022 in the manufacturing sector. Given that the cost of overall input factors of production, namely, land, labour, capital, key raw materials and so on is continually on the increase, it will be extremely difficult to attract necessary investments unless availability of key raw materials such as gas, coal and iron ore are ensured at the right price.
It is not out of place here to mention also that in the National Mineral Policy of 2008, India had recognised that a country should utilise its comparative advantage and give priority to import substitutes, value addition and export, in that order. This is, of course, a fairly standard policy being followed by various countries in order to boost investments in manufacturing to create employment.
Steel power
One of the prime movers of the manufacturing sector is steel. With strong backward and forward linkages, the steel industry is a visible engine of economic growth as well as of employment generation and also a powerful symbol of quality of life and economic prosperity. Most developed nations, during the course of their progress, have relied heavily on their own domestic steel industry to meet the requirements of rapid industrial advancement and for building physical infrastructure.
World steel production has already exceeded 1.6 billion tonnes. This phenomenal increase has been led by China, accounting for over 47 per cent of world steel output. China is not just the largest producer, but it is also its largest consumer of steel, followed by the US and India. With a production base of over 81 million tonnes in 2013, India currently is the fourth largest steel producer in the world, after China, Japan and the US. The Indian steel industry is growing fast, despite a temporary slowdown.
India’s per capita steel consumption is around 60 kg, which is not only very low, but also much lower than the international average of over 215 kg. This indicates a huge gap in prosperity levels, though it also reflects a huge potential for the growth in steel consumption. Realising the enormous potential, the high level committee on manufacturing has decided to plan ambitiously for crude steel capacity of 300 million tonnes by 2025-26.
Needless to say, the availability of iron ore at affordable prices and on short delivery schedules are key to the viability and sustainability of the industry. The current capacity utilisation figure for the steel industry in India has fallen to 77 per cent as against around 92 per cent in well-performing steel plants of the world. The import of iron ore cannot be justified, even if iron ore prices fall internationally, because of the requirement of foreign exchange which will always be in short supply in view of the heavy dependence of the Indian economy on the import of oil and gas.
Need for reforms
All these make it clear that the Government needs to come up with reforms that will help in reducing red-tape in brownfield and greenfield expansion of steel plants as well as in mining operations and in granting environmental clearances. More importantly, it needs to ensure the availability of critical raw materials to the domestic industry.
India can actually be a steel manufacturing hub provided the competitive advantage of iron ore is appropriately leveraged. It is ironical that many steel units which made value addition within the country with large investments, creating employment, contributing substantial revenue to the exchequer and saving precious foreign exchange, are actually suffering due to lack of iron ore.
As iron ore exports were earlier allowed virtually freely from India, high grade iron ore, except from a few captive mines, were exported in large quantities, thus leaving low grade ores to the domestic steel industry, particularly in Karnataka and Goa.
This negatively impacted the productivity of steel plants, besides causing an additional financial burden in the form of extra cost of processing low grade iron ore through repeated stages of beneficiation.
Conserving natural resources
Most countries have regarded natural resources as strategic for the development of the country and have exercised abundant caution in the exports of minerals. Indonesia has restrained the export of unprocessed minerals. It also brought in the concept of domestic market obligation, making it mandatory for mining companies to meet the domestic market requirement first, before exporting.
In 2001, China was the second largest global exporter after Australia. Subsequently, the Chinese government restricted exports in favour of satisfying domestic demand. It implemented a law to restrict the export volume of coal, and abolished VAT from 13 per cent in 2004 to 0 per cent in 2006.
When countries around the world are conserving their natural mineral resources to secure their future and are also emphasising value addition, exports from India of a vital national wealth like iron ore would not be prudent. It is of paramount importance that the Central and State governments take steps to conserve natural resources and formulate and implement robust policies to revive manufacturing in India.
The writer is a former managing director of Rourkela Steel Plant and director of SAIL
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Some American tips for a swach BharatSome American tips for a swach Bharat
Bharati Chaturvedi
Clean the world Make it a better place M Moorthy
The two countries can learn a lot from each other about managing waste
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made impassioned pleas for a swach Bharat, a clean India. But how to get there? Perhaps he can pick up some pointers on his forthcoming visit to the US.
At about 250 million tonnes per annum, the US is, expectedly, generating more mountains of trash than India’s 60 million tonnes per annum. But India is facing community anger from villages who don’t want to be dumpsites of cities like Bangalore.
Public interest litigations abound, often from citizens tired of leaking landfills and dumps, polluting waste-to-energy plants and poor waste collection.
The US has its own set of problems. It generates too much waste, and wastes too much usable stuff. A joke amongst environmentalists there is that if you stand long enough at an American landfill, you can gather enough white goods and furniture to run a decent home: many Americans trash things they don’t like, not just things that have ceased to be functional.
In the past, America tried to resolve the problem by exporting its trash to the developing world. But with a global backlash, it has had to start sorting out its problem at home, using innovation, common sense and incentives.
Lessons from California
No American state offers India as many lessons as California. In San Francisco, anything that can be composted or recycled, or is hazardous, simply cannot enter a landfill. The city focuses on reduction. “Buy less”, the city tells its people constantly; also “bottled water is bad for the environment”.
Working backwards, the city has pushed composting at all levels and offers composting services via its green bin system, trains citizens to compost, and offers awareness materials for the public to use and disseminate.
Financial incentives linked to Pay-As-You-Throw are in place, and restaurants are not allowed to serve or pack food in unrecyclable Styrofoam; only compostable plates and cutlery are allowed. It demands producer responsibility even for cigarette butt litter, charging a fee per packet sold, to pay for the clean-up.
Then there is Los Angeles, a city whose solid waste integrated resource plan (SWIRP) is based on systems thinking. LA conceptualises waste first as materials in order to control what and how much of every material is finally discarded and at what cost.
Its plans include manufacturing and packaging (important sources of trash), use of more easy to handle products, and finally disposal. These systems are far removed from the Indian approach, which ignores the safe recyclability and handling of products or waste reduction, or even making manufacturers responsible.
Manage waste
If there are take-aways from all this, they are these: It is not technology that is key to the waste problem. Waste can be well managed only if it is planned for in advance of its existence, using incentives and systems while it is still an intact product. Food and organic waste is the key to waste handling, and there is no shortcut to engaging in quality public awareness. It’s an expensive proposition but a common feature across successful cities.
For all its visible dirt, India has much to offer too. Middle-class Indians still depend on many sustainable practices which Americans should take heed of. All over San Francisco and New York, for example, migrants and the poor pick up aluminium cans from dustbins, selling them to survive.
These are no different from India’s waste-pickers, except that they stand entirely unrecognised. Including them, as India is starting to do, in waste management plans, would help America develop green jobs for its marginalised populations.
On the other hand, thousands of small entrepreneurs have turned to successful recycling businesses, gifting India with one of the world’s highest recycling rates. Consequently, hundreds of thousands of kabadiwalasand wastepickers have livelihoods in the value chain.
Of course this sector needs improved health and safety systems, and more formalisation. If only the US had fostered more such entrepreneurs, it would not have had to export its trash to poorer countries.
The still-surviving practice of re-use is embedded in our cities through the work of cobblers. Their skills help prolong the lives of everyday shoes and bags. Why not enable such repair-based green jobs in the US too?
If the US and India learn from each other’s innovations and practices, citizens will be directly and positively impacted by a unique bilateral relationship.
The writer is the director of the NGO, Chintan
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

New smartphone app gives sight to the blindThe new app is receiving rave reviews after its first day of availability and is being heralded as a life-changer by many people. (Picture for representational purpose only)
Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:16 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 5:19 pm
Jonathan Mosen, who has been blind since birth, spent his evening snapping photos of packages in the mail, his son’s school report and labels on bottles in the fridge. In seconds, he was listening to audio of the printed words the camera captured, courtesy of a new app on his Apple Inc iPhone.
“I couldn’t believe how accurate it was,” said Mosen, an assistive technology consultant from New Zealand.
The new app that allows blind people to listen to an audio readback of printed text is receiving rave reviews after its first day of availability and is being heralded as a life-changer by many people.
Blind people say the KNFB Reader app will enable a new level of engagement in everyday life, from reading menus in restaurants to browsing handouts in the classroom.
The $99 app is the result of a four decades-long relationship between the National Federation of the Blind and Ray Kurzweil, a well-known artificial-intelligence scientist and senior Google employee. According to its website, K-NFB Reading Technology Inc and Sensotec NV, a Belgium-based company, led the technical development of the app.
Kurzweil, who demonstrated the app on stage at the NFB’s annual convention in June, said it can replace a “sighted adviser”.
Taking advantage of new pattern recognition and image- processing technology as well as new smartphone hardware, the app allows users to adjust or tilt the camera, and reads printed materials out loud. People with refreshable Braille displays can now snap pictures of print documents and display them in Braille near-instantaneously, said NFB spokesman Chris Danielsen.
The app has already given some people greater independence, users said on Thursday and Friday on social-media sites such as Twitter. One early adopter, Gordon Luke, tweeted that he was able to use the app to read his polling card for the Scottish Referendum.
The app will be available on Android in the coming months, Kurzweil told Reuters in an interview. He may also explore a version of the app for Google Glass, a postage stamp-sized computer screen that attaches to eyeglass frames and is capable of taking photos, recording video and playing sound.
“Google Glass makes sense because you direct the camera with your head,” Kurzweil said.
Kurzweil started working on so-called “reading machines” in the early 1970s after chatting on a plane with a blind person who voiced frustrations with the lack of optical-recognition technology on the market.
A few years later, “Kurzweil burst into the National Federation of the Blind’s offices in Washington, D.C., and said he had invented a reading machine,” recalled Jim Gashel, a former NFB employee who currently heads business development at KNFB Reader. “It was phenomenal.”
Kurzweil’s first reading machine was the size of a washing machine and cost $50,000. The technology has continued to improve over the past few decades – the new smartphone app can recognize continued…

Mars Orbiter set to enter orbit of Red Planet on September 24ISRO will be solely responsible for manoeuvring its spacecraft into the orbit of the Red Planet on the morning of September 24.
Written by Johnson T A | Posted: September 21, 2014 12:03 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 11:51 am
Over the last few days, a hotline connecting scientists at the mission operations room at the Indian Space Research Organisation’s Telemetry, Tracking and Command centre in Bangalore with scientists from NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Goldstone, California, and Canberra, Australia (where NASA operates Deep Space Networks), has been buzzing constantly.
A spacecraft launched by ISRO on November 5, 2013, and another launched by NASA on November 18, 2013, are set to enter the orbit of planet Mars within 48 hours of each other. With nine of 51 past attempts to get to the Red Planet failing at the point of entry into the orbit of Mars, the last thing scientists at ISRO and NASA want is for their spacecraft to collide. With D-Day fast approaching for both missions — September 22 for NASA’s Maven spacecraft and September 24 for ISRO’s Mars Orbiter — scientists from both the space agencies are trying to ensure that everything goes smoothly at both ends.
The smallest of errors — in calculation of location, distance and the precise moment when a spacecraft must insert itself into the orbit of Mars — can result in losses worth millions of dollars. But ISRO is counting its gains too: the Orbiter cost it only $71 million, a fraction of what it took for Maven ($671 million) or for the Hollywood space blockbuster Gravity ($100 million).
While NASA has 21 Mars expeditions to its credit — with 15 successful ones, including the first winning fly-by in July 1965, the first successful orbit mission in October 1972 and the first successful Mars landing with Viking 2 in 1980 — the Mars mission is the farthest the Indian space programme has gone.
Though ISRO will be solely responsible for manoeuvring its spacecraft into the orbit of the Red Planet on the morning of September 24, the space agency will be leaning significantly on NASA’s Deep Space Network to communicate with the Mars Orbiter.
At 7.30 am on September 24, exactly 48 hours after they navigate the entry of the Maven into the Mars orbit, 250 technicians from NASA’s JPL in California and Canberra will throw their weight and the might of four 71-metre antennas behind ISRO’s mission operations centre (MOX for short) to communicate with the Mars Orbiter. At that moment, the Orbiter will be about 224 million km away from Earth.
For ISRO scientists venturing into deep space for the first time, NASA is also a point of reference for all the number crunching that has been done to determine the precise distances, moments and speeds at which the Mars Orbiter will have to manoeuvre in order to end up in an orbit where its nearest distance from the Red Planet is 423 km.
“Any country in the world that wants to undertake deep space missions has to go to NASA’s JPL for ground continued…

Saradha scam: Nalini Chidambaram examined by CBIPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 4:42 pm
Nalini Chidamabaram, wife of former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, has been examined by CBI in conection with the alleged multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
CBI examined Nalini, a Supreme Court lawyer, yesterday evening in Chennai in connection with the legal fee paid to her by the Saradha group, official sources said here.
The sources said Saradha Chairman Sudipta Sen, at present in jail, had mentioned about hiring Nalini as a lawyer at the request of Manoranjana Sinh, estranged wife of Congress leader Mantang Sinh.
Sen, who had written a letter to CBI last year, had claimed that Rs one crore had been paid to the lawyer as her legal fee by the Saradha group.
Nalini represented Manoranjana and, therefore, was asked to offer her professional advice in her negotiations with Sen in connection with plans by the group to acquire a TV channel in the northeast. The lawyer is believed to have advised her client against the Rs 42-crore investment by the group to acquire the TV channel.
Nalini has not responded to calls and messages for her reaction.
Nalini’s team, however, denied that she was questioned by CBI. They claimed that CBI only obtained a 70-page report prepared by her in connection with the plans for the TV channel acquisition.
“The near Rs one crore fee was for one year’s assistance. It was transparent and nominal,” sources close to Nalini said.

G20 commits to automatic exchange of tax information by 2017Sep 21, 2014 at 05:11pm IST
G20 commits to automatic exchange of tax information by 2017
2
0
Cairns: Committing to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion, the G20 on Sunday decided to put in place a mechanism for automatic exchange of tax information by 2017.
"We endorse the finalised global Common Reporting Standard for automatic exchange of tax information on a reciprocal basis which will provide a step-change in our ability to tackle and deter cross-border tax evasion.
"We will begin exchanging information automatically between each other and with other countries by 2017 or end-2018," said the communique released after the two-day G20 meeting of Finance Ministers and central bank governors.
The G20 ministerial meeting will be followed by a summit at Brisbane in November.
#g20 #g20 summit #tax #india
India has been at the forefront of raising the issues concerning tax avoidance and automatic exchange of information with a view to curbing tax evasion.
India is being represented by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan and Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram at the summit.
"We support further coordination and collaboration by our tax authorities on their compliance activities on entities and individuals involved in cross-border tax arrangements," it added.
The communique further said that the G20 leaders are strongly committed to a global response to cross-border tax avoidance and evasion so that the tax system supports growth-enhancing fiscal strategies and economic resilience.
It said that action plan to tackle Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) to make sure companies pay their fair share of tax would be finalised in 2015.
"We will continue to take practical steps to assist developing countries preserve and grow their revenue bases and stand ready to help those that wish to participate in automatic information exchange. We are deepening developing country engagement in tackling BEPS issues and ensuring that their concerns are addressed," it added.
The BEPS initiative would ensure that tax is paid where profits are made.
The G20 ministerial meeting will be followed by a summit at Brisbane in November.
The G20 is a grouping of industrialised and developing countries. Its members are Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Britain, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, United States and European Union.
1

Bypoll results not indicator of things to come: Ram Vilas Paswan7
0
Patna: Downplaying August's bypoll results in Bihar in which the BJP-led coalition fared poorly winning only four out of 10 seats, Union Food and Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Sunday said it would be wrong to assume that the grand alliance of JD(U), RJD and Congress would come to power in the Assembly polls in 2014.
"It will be wrong to assume on the basis of the bypoll results in Bihar that the grand alliance will grab power at next year's Assembly polls," Paswan said.
Stating that bypoll results were not always an indicator of things to come, the LJP chief said the erstwhile NDA constituting JD(U) and BJP had won only five out of 18 Assembly seats in 2009 bypoll, but swept the Assembly polls a year later.
The 'grand alliance' can work only in Bihar as Kumar and Lalu Prasad are able to come together at one platform with Congress, said Paswan.
#ram vilas paswan #assembly elections 2014 #ljp #bihar
Paswan was talking to reporters at the state LJP office where he paid tribute to former Bihar Chief Minister Bhola Paswan Shastri on his 100th birth anniversary.
Paswan said Lalu Prasad had started dreaming of becoming chief minister again after his party's victory in six seats in 2009 Assembly bypolls but his party RJD failed to win even 10 per cent of total Assembly seats (243) a year later during the Assembly polls, the LJP supremo said.
The Union Minister ridiculed senior JD(U) leader and former Chief Minister Nitish Kumar for his sustained efforts to cobble up an alternative to the NDA at the national level saying such a possibility was impossible to work out given the disunity among parties opposed to the BJP-led coalition.
Giving an example, he said SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his BSP counterpart Mayawati would never join forces given their diametrically opposed social and political base in Uttar Pradesh.
The 'grand alliance' can work only in Bihar as Kumar and Lalu Prasad are able to come together at one platform with Congress, said Paswan who had dumped the RJD chief at the last minute to join the NDA ahead of the general elections.
Paswan, who had come under attack from RJD for being a 'weather cock' for joining the NDA for greener pasture, had a dig at the new-found bonhomie between Kumar and Prasad saying how come the two explain their friendship after abusing each other for over eight years.
On the war of words among top Bihar BJP leaders over leadership issue for next year's Assembly polls, the LJP supremo said the debate over chief ministerial candidate was irrelevant at this stage as elections were far away.
0

Catalonia president to call for independence vote in the nextdaysPrint
Reuters | Madrid | Posted: September 21, 2014 6:46 pm
The president of Spain’s Catalonia region on Sunday said he would formally call “in the next days” for a vote on independence from Spain which has been scheduled for Nov. 9.
The Catalan parliament passed a law on Friday enabling regional head Artur Mas to call such a vote, though the Spanish government has said it would violate the Spanish constitution and has pledged to block it in the courts.
“The law … will be used this week, in the next days, to call for the Nov. 9 vote,” Mas said at an event in the Catalan city of Cardona. His remarks were broadcast by Spain’s state-owned television.
With its own language and culture, and a long-standing pro-independence movement that has gathered momentum during recent years of economic hardship, Catalonia has sought a referendum on independence similar to the one held in Scotland on Thursday.

Electric car sets new speed recordElectric car sets new speed record
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 21:  
A ultralight electric car built by students at a US university has set a new land speed record in its class, besting the previous mark by nearly 80kph.
Electric Blue, an E1 streamliner designed and modified by more than 130 Brigham Young University (BYU) students over the past 10 years, averaged 330kph on two qualifying runs this month. The new mark obliterates the previous record, 250kph, which was set by the same BYU car in 2011.
“When we set the record three years ago we felt like we left a lot on the table,” said BYU student and team captain, Kelly Hales.
“On paper we thought we could get 322kph but we never had the conditions just right - until now,” said Hales.
The car notched the record this month in front of approximately 180 teams and their cars at the Bonneville Salt Flats in northwestern Utah.
Jim Burkdoll, president of the Utah Salt Flats Racing Association, drove the car to set the record, which was certified by the Southern California Timing Association.
Electric Blue is called a streamliner because it has a long, slender shape and enclosed wheels that reduce air resistance. BYU’s car is in the E1 category, which means it is electric and weighs less than 1,100 pounds.
Other streamliners, notably one built by Ohio State University students, have achieved higher speeds but in much heavier vehicles requiring different weight classes.
BYU students custom-built the lightweight carbon fibre body of Electric Blue over a six-year period, with the help of computer programmes that model wind tunnels.
Aerodynamic performance and lithium iron phosphate batteries helped the car reach its high speeds over the last four years of runs, researchers said.
“We were going to retire the car last year when head faculty advisor, Perry Carter, left for an LDS mission, but we petitioned for one more year,” Hales said.
“Now the car will officially retire with a record we think will be unbeatable for a while,” said Hales.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

25 dogs killed in house fire in UK25 dogs killed in house fire in UK
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 21:  
Up to 25 dogs have died in their cages after a house caught fire in Britain, days after 53 dogs perished in a suspected arson attack on a dogs’ home in the country.
About 18 firefighters were at the blaze in Graingers Road, Hornsea in East Yorkshire yesterday, Humberside Fire and Rescue Service said.
The dogs were owned by private breeders who returned to their home to find it well alight with the dogs inside, the BBC quoted police as saying.
The animals were all in cages, so were unable to escape from the blaze. The fire service said nothing could be done to save the animals. No people were in the house.
“It totally destroyed the timber-framed building because of the intensity of the fire,” Paul Clucas, of the fire service, said.
The fire started in the detached, single-storey building but fire fighters were able to stop the blaze spreading, he added.
An investigation into the cause of the fire is under way, the report said. Last week, a 15-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of setting fire to Manchester Dogs’ Home, one of UK’s biggest dogs’ home, killing over 50 animals. He was later released on bail.
Greater Manchester fire and rescue service said 53 dogs had died, while about 150 were rescued and have now been taken to the centre’s sister site in Cheshire.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

G20 pledge on tax info to help India track black moneyG20 pledge on tax info to help India track black money
PTI
Tweet
Cairns, Sep 21:  
The G20 today decided to put in place a mechanism for automatic exchange of tax information between various countries by 2017, a development which will help India in dealing with the menace of black money stashed abroad.
The new framework would mark a significant forward movement from the current practice of information exchange mostly on the basis of requests and only in the cases of suspected tax evasion or other financial crimes.
“We endorse the finalised global Common Reporting Standard for automatic exchange of tax information on a reciprocal basis which will provide a step—change in our ability to tackle and deter cross—border tax evasion. We will begin exchanging information automatically between each other and with other countries by 2017 or end—2018,” said the G20 communique.
The new global standard, as formulated by Paris—based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in July, would be common for all countries.
It would facilitate a “systematic and periodic transmission of bulk taxpayer information by the source country of income to the country of residence of the taxpayer concerning various categories of income or asset information.”
India has been at the forefront in raising the issues concerning tax avoidance and automatic exchange of information with a view to curbing tax evasion.
Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan and Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram are representing India at the two day meeting here.
To enable automatic exchange of information on an annual basis, the financial institutions, including banks, brokers and fund houses, would have to mandatorily collect necessary details from their clients and submit the same to their respective regulators.
“We support further coordination and collaboration by our tax authorities on their compliance activities on entities and individuals involved in cross—border tax arrangements,” the communique added.
It further said that the G20 leaders are strongly committed to a global response to cross—border tax avoidance and evasion so that the tax system supports growth—enhancing fiscal strategies and economic resilience.
The development assumes significance in case of India, as it has been facing difficulties in getting information on cases of suspected tax evasion from other countries, especially Switzerland, which has been maintaining that such details can not be shared without specific proof of financial irregularities by the concerned Indian client of Swiss banks.
An initial framework was released by OECD in this regard earlier this year and India became one of the ‘early adopters’ of this global convention.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Afghanistan s presidential rivals sign power-sharing dealAfghanistan's presidential rivals sign power-sharing deal
Reuters
Tweet
KABUL, Sept 21:  
Afghanistan's rival presidential candidates signed a deal on Sunday to share power after months of turmoil over a disputed election that destabilised the nation at a crucial time as most foreign troops prepare to leave.
Ashraf Ghani, a former finance minister who will be named president, embraced rival Abdullah Abdullah after they signed the power-sharing agreement at a ceremony watched by outgoing president Hamid Karzai, and broadcast live from his palace.
The new administration faces huge challenges in fighting an emboldened Taliban-led insurgency and paying its bills amid plummeting tax revenue.
It will also face significant difficulty in improving the lives of ordinary Afghans who face hard times as aid flows fall and as contracts with the NATO-led coalition dry up as most foreign troops leave by the end of the year.
The accord was brokered by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who swiftly welcomed its signing.
"These two men have put the people of Afghanistan first, and they've ensured that the first peaceful democratic transition in the history of their country begins with national unity.
Under the terms of the deal, the winner will have to share power with a chief executive proposed by the runner-up, and the two will share control over who leads key institutions such as the Afghan army and other executive decisions.
One of Ghani's first acts would be to sign a long-delayed bilateral security agreement with the United States, as he has previously declared support for the pact to allow a small force of foreign troops to remain in Afghanistan after 2014.
There is a risk that any instability could be exploited by neighbours, like Pakistan, whose past meddling in Afghan affairs have played a part in the conflicts that have dogged Afghanistan for decades.
"A difficult and challenged unity structure is still preferable to conflict between these two groups," said a U.S. official.
"Having them both working together within the government and direct their energies toward positive reform is again preferable to some of the alternatives."
Ghani, an ethnic Pashtun, and Abdullah, whose main support comes from the country's second largest ethnic group, the Tajiks, face as difficult task forging unity in a country riven by ethnic and tribal rivalries.
Abdullah's accusations that the run-off election was rigged in Ghani's favour had raised fears of ethnic violence, which could have ignited a broader conflict.
"A spark could have dealt a strong blow to the political process, if today's deal had not happened," commented Waliullah Rahmani, director of the Kabul Center for Strategic Studies. "But, we have crossed that moment."
WAITING FOR RESULT
The final touches of the power-sharing deal were thrashed out late on Saturday night, as the Independent Election Commission prepared to release results of a U.N.-monitored audit of all 8 million ballots cast in the June run-off.
The commission planned on releasing the final results of the recount later on Sunday, but it was unclear whether the size of Ghani's winning margin would be given as Abdullah's team has argued that the audit failed to properly adjudicate on fraud.
The disputed preliminary count had shown Ghani won with 56 percent of the vote.
Ghani is expected to be sworn in as president within a week, according to Karzai's spokesman Aimal Faizi.
Under the terms of the accord, Abdullah, a former foreign minister, would be allowed to nominate a chief executive with newly expanded powers.
The settlement will also come as a relief for Afghans, who have watched the tortuous process play out since they first voted in April.
Karzai has ruled since soon after the Taliban government was ousted by U.S.-backed Afghan forces in late 2001, and the drawn-out election was meant to mark the first democratic transfer of power in Afghanistan's troubled history.
"Afghanistan will now be able to move forward for the next five years, even though it is not an ideal government," Rahmani said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

India can rise again  match with China; I have a clear roadmap  saysModiPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 6:56 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 1:14 am
Asserting that India does not need to follow Chinese model for a rapid economic progress, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he has a “clear roadmap” to channel people’s entrepreneurial nature towards achieving 8 to 9 per cent growth rates for a longer period.
The Prime Minister also hoped China, which has been aggressive in the matters relating to the South China Sea and the East Sea, would accept global laws and play a cooperating role as Beijing does not want to stand isolated.
Asked by CNN’s Fareed Zakaria if the Prime Minister felt the pace of development in China was faster because of its authoritarian rule and slower in India due to its democratic set up, Modi said, “If China is one example, then democratic countries provide another example. They have also grown fast. You can’t say that growth is not possible because of democracy. Democracy is our commitment. It is our great legacy, a legacy we simply cannot compromise. Democracy is in our DNA.”
When pressed further, the PM said, “See, I have seen the strength of democracy. If there were no democracy then someone like me, Modi, a child born in a poor family, how would he sit here? This is the strength of democracy.”
On comparison with China on the economic front, he replied, “India does not need to become anything else. India must become only India. This is a country that once upon a time was called ‘the golden bird’… If you see the details of the last five or 10 centuries, you will see that India and China have grown at similar paces. Their contributions to global GDP have risen in parallel, and fallen in parallel.
“Today’s era once again belongs to Asia. India and China are both growing rapidly, together. That is why India needs to remain India.”
“It is my absolute belief that Indians have unlimited talent. I have no doubt about our capabilities. I have a lot of faith in the entrepreneurial nature of our 1.25 billion people. There is a lot of capability. And I have a clear road-map to channel it,” Modi replied to a query that can India achieve 8 to 9 per cent growth rates that China has done consistently for 30 years.
Asked about China’s behaviour in the South China and the East sea that has left many of its neighbours worried, he said, “India is different… We can’t run our country if we get worried about every small thing. At the same time, we can’t close our eyes to problems. That’s why India maintains that we are now in a different era. We are not living in the 18th century. China is also a country with an ancient cultural heritage. Look at how it has focused on economic development. It’s hardly the sign continued…

G20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by US dollar 2 trillionSep 21, 2014 at 06:08pm IST
G20 promises more steps to boost global GDP by US dollar 2 trillion
5
0
Cairns: G20, a grouping of developed and developing nations, on Sunday vowed to take more measures to push the global GDP by an additional 2 per cent, or over US dollar 2 trillion, by 2018.
Although as per the IMF-OECD estimates, an incremental growth of 1.8 per cent in global GDP is achievable, pushing it up by 2 per cent would require additional efforts.
"In the lead up to the Brisbane Summit, we will continue to identify a series of additional measures to meet our collective growth ambition. We will hold each other to account in implementing these policy commitments," said a communique issued after the meeting of the G20 Finance Ministers and central bank governors.
The G20 meeting will be followed by a summit in Brisbane in November.
#g20 #g20 summit #gdp #us
The G20 meeting will be followed by a summit in Brisbane in November. The G-20 represents about 85 percent of the global economy.
Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman, who is representing India at the G20 meeting, said "At the moment, on the two per cent requirement, it is broadly understood that about a 1.8 per cent level is already achievable".
"It is only the balance on which a little more additional push is required and if I go by Saturday's discussion, most of them did agree, and most of them felt committed to giving that additional push, so the additional two percent should be achievable," she added.
As per the update to its World Economic Outlook report, the IMF in July said the global economy would expand 3.4 per cent in 2014 and improve to 4 per cent in 2015.
The G20 said structural reforms will be important to speed up growth by additional 2 per cent.
"We have developed a set of new concrete measures that will facilitate growth, increase and foster better quality investment, lift employment and participation, enhance trade and promote competition," it said.
Preliminary analysis by IMF-OECD indicates these measures will lift our collective GDP by an additional 1.8 per cent through to 2018, it added.
"These measures, along with macroeconomic policies, are designed to lift global growth and contribute to re-balancing global demand. Implementation of these measures is also essential to foster private sector growth, to give our citizens more opportunities to improve their living standards," it added.
The communique also expressed concern over the uneven global economic growth and said it remains below the pace required to adequately generate much needed jobs.
"Downside risks persist, including in financial markets and from geopolitical tensions. The global economy still faces persistent weaknesses in demand, and supply side constraints hamper growth. We need strong, sustainable and balanced growth and robust financial sectors to safeguard our economies from these risks and put people into jobs," it added.
0

BJP  Shiv Sena trying to salvage allianceSep 21, 2014 at 06:34pm IST
BJP, Shiv Sena trying to salvage alliance
5
0
New Delhi/Mumbai: BJP and the Shiv Sena on Sunday were trying to make last ditch efforts to salvage their alliance in Maharashtra for the upcoming Assembly polls after the Uddhav Thackeray's final offer of giving 119 seats to the coalition partner was rejected.
Hours after Uddhav Thackeray's tough talk on seat-sharing and that Sena cannot give beyond 119 seats, BJP told its old alliance partner that it was the duty of both the parties to continue the tie-up and sort out issues instead of going through the media, in remarks directed at the Sena chief.
Squabbling over seat-sharing showed no signs of resolution during the day with the BJP saying there was "nothing new" in Shiv Sena's final offer to give it 119 seats and hoped it can be mutually settled.
In Mumbai, Shiv Sena made it clear that it won't make any more concession for BJP.
#bjp shiv sena #uddhav thackeray #narendra modi #bjp shiv sena alliance
In Mumbai, Shiv Sena made it clear that it won't make any more concession for BJP, offering to cede it only 119 out of the total 288 seats in Maharashtra Assembly for the next month's polls, and said this was "the final attempt" to break the logjam over seat-sharing.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray also reminded Prime Minister Narendra Modi that late Sena supremo Bal Thackeray had backed him in the aftermath of the 2002 Gujarat riots.
"Today I am making a final attempt to ensure that the Mahayuti (grand alliance of opposition parties) stays intact. Sena had initially asked for 160 seats. But now we are ready to part with nine seats. Shiv Sena will fight on 151 seats, leaving 119 seats for BJP. The remaining 18 seats will be given to our allies," he said.
Suggesting a way out to end the standoff, BJP leaders of opposition in Maharashtra Assembly and Legislative Council Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde said here the party wants Sena to re-negotiate on such seats that they never won in the last 25 years, so that they are not given to the NCP-Congress alliance on a platter in the upcoming polls.
"There is nothing new in the latest Shiv Sena offer as BJP has been contesting 119 seats ever since the alliance came into being. We want the alliance to continue. It is the duty of both Shiv Sena and BJP to maintain the alliance. We have 25 year-old ties and seat-sharing issue can be sorted out mutually through face to face talks and not through media (TV)," Tawde told reporters in a hurriedly convened press conference.
Khadse said, "Shiv Sena has been losing on 35 seats while we have been losing on 19, if these were to be re allocated then we would all benefit instead of these seats going automatically to Congress-NCP alliance."
"Many such seats had been lost by narrow margin in the previous elections. That was the thought and mindset behind the proposal for the 135 seats," he said.
However, the BJP leaders also said they were ready to accept 130 seats --five seats down from its earlier demand.
0

Britain hires dyslexic spies in anti-terror campaignBritain hires dyslexic spies in anti-terror campaign
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 21:  
Britain’s main surveillance agency is employing over 100 afflicted with dyslexia and dyspraxia as spies in the country’s fight against terror.
The Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), referred to as the UK’s listening post, uses the ability of these “neuro-diverse” spies to analyse complex information in a “dispassionate, logical and analytical” way to combat threats.
“Neuro-diverse individuals can bring additional value to the full spectrum of roles and jobs across the department,” a GCHQ official told the Sunday Times.
While dyslexics find it hard to read, write or interpret words, they often have an extraordinary aptitude for deciphering facts from patterns or events.
A famous person with the condition was Alan Turing, who during the Nazi onslaught in the Second World War helped Britain break the enemy’s top-secret Enigma code.
Dyspraxia is a developmental coordination disorder (DCD) which affects physical coordination and can be found in about one in 20 children in the UK. Dyslexia affects about 10 per cent of the UK population.
IT specialist Matt is chairman of the dyslexic and dyspraxic support community at GCHQ, which supports the 120 “neuro-diverse” staff employed by the agency.
“What people don’t realise is that people with neuro-diversity usually have a ‘spiky-skills’ profile, which means that certain skill areas will be below par and others may be well above,” the 35-year-old told the newspaper.
“My reading might be slower than some individuals and maybe my spelling is appalling, and my handwriting definitely is. But if you look at the positive side, my 3D special-perception awareness and creativity is in the top 1 per cent of my peer group,” he added.
Despite the veil of secrecy that still surrounds much of its work, GCHQ insists it is trying to modernise and the stereotypical method of recruiting spies at Oxford or Cambridge with a “tap on the shoulder” is a thing of the past. GCHQ has instead sent 80 intelligence officers, or “ambassadors”, to 20 primary and secondary schools to encourage pupils to take up science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
It will begin its annual autumn recruitment campaign from tomorrow. As well as targeting university entrants and graduates, the agency wants to hire between 40 and 80 apprentices aged 18 and over.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Ukraine says wont pull back troops without fullceasefirePrint
NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) U.S. Gen. Philip M. Breedlove, left, U.S. Army Commander for International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), Gen. John F. Campbell, center, and NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Transformation (SACT) Gen. Jean-Paul Palomeros, right, attend a NATO Military Committee Conference in Vilnius, Lithuania. Source: AP photo
Agence-France Presse | Donetsk | Posted: September 21, 2014 7:44 pm
Ukraine insisted on Sunday it would not pull back its troops from the frontline until all sides cease fire under a peace plan aimed at ending five months of bloodshed in the east.
Kiev and pro-Russian rebels are supposed to pull back their forces and weaponry to create a 30-kilometre (20-mile) wide buffer zone in line with a reinforced truce deal agreed in Minsk yesterday.
But heavy gunfire erupted around the eastern insurgent stronghold of Donetsk today, just hours after NATO’s top military commander had said there was a ceasefire “in name only” on the ground.
National Security and Defence Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said the first point agreed in the Belarussian capital referring to a mutual ceasefire had to be respected before the rest of the plan could be implemented.
“But the first point has not yet been fulfilled, so we cannot speak about the other points,” he said.
“If (Ukrainian forces) are withdrawn, it will be done simultaneously with the Russian troop withdrawal.”
The nine-point Minsk plan is meant to reinforce a truce forged on September 5 in a bid to stem fighting that has claimed nearly 3,000 lives since April and threatened Ukraine’s very survival.
A rebel who identified himself as a member of Donetsk People’s Republic’s military intelligence said Ukrainian forces were continuing to shoot on insurgent positions around the airport although the attacks had dropped off in intensity and firepower.
“But when they fire we respond, of course,” the man who gave his name as Denis told AFP. “Each side wants to show the other they are still there.”
NATO’s top commander General Philip Breedlove said yesterday the continued clashes had shown it was a ceasefire “in name only” and accused Russia of keeping soldiers on Ukrainian soil to bolster the insurgents.
The truce was “still there in name, but what is happening on the ground is quite a different story,” he said on the sidelines of a NATO meeting symbolically convened in the ex-Soviet satellite state of Lithuania.
But he added: “It is our sincere hope and desire that… the two combatants can come to agreement to again get to a ceasefire situation.”
Lysenko said two soldiers had been killed over the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll since the original truce was declared to 37 servicemen and civilians.
There is no information on casualties from the rebel side.

Kerry says Iran could help  take out  ISKerry says Iran could help  take out  IS
Time to return favour: Uddhav s message to Modi6
0
Mumbai: Driving a hard bargain with BJP over seat sharing in Maharashtra assembly polls, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday reminded Prime Minister Narendra Modi that after 2002 Gujarat riots his father Bal Thackeray had prevailed on LK Advani not to remove Modi as Chief Minister.
Asserting that the alliance should stay "as it is for Hindutva", Uddhav said, "Everyone knows how terrible the situation was when the Godhra riots took place.
"Everyone was saying that Modi should be immediately removed from the Gujarat CM's post. At that time, it was only Balasaheb who told LK Advani that Modi should stay on as he pursues the Hindutva ideology," he said.
Uddhav was echoing what Bal Thackeray had reportedly said in an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana' in February 2009.
#bjp #shiv sena #maharashtra #bjp shiv sena alliance
Uddhav was echoing what Bal Thackeray had reportedly said in an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana' in February 2009.
"Modi gaya to Gujarat gaya (If Modi goes, Gujarat will also slip out of BJP's hands)," Bal Thackeray had claimed to have told Advani on moves to remove Modi after the communal riots in Gujarat.
"There were hectic moves to remove Modi from the post after the Godhra riots. We clearly told Advani that Gujarat will be lost if Modi is removed," Thackeray had said in the editorial.
Bal Thackeray died in November 2012. Uddhav on Sunday reminded Modi that just as Sena did not play a spoilsport in BJP's "Mission 272' in the Lok Sabha polls, BJP should now respect Sena's `Mission 150' for the Maharashtra polls.
"There are Shiv Sena workers in UP, Rajasthan and MP as well. They all wanted to fight elections saying they have been with Sena for long and thus deserve a chance. But we didn't let them contest (against BJP/NDA candidates). Now it is Shiv Sena's turn. It is our mission to send at least 150 MLAs to the Vidhan Sabha. BJP should consider this," he said.
"I feel from the bottom of my heart that the alliance should stay as this alliance is not for the Chief Minister's post but for Hindutva. But whatever happens will be my destiny. We are ready to contest all the seats," the Sena chief said.
Shiv Sena on Sunday said it will fight on 151 seats, leaving 119 seats for BJP and remaining 18 seats for other allies "I want power and I will take it at any cost. But this power is to give Maharashtra something and not to take away, like other parties do," Uddhav said.
0

Kolkata: College  university teachers lend support to Jadavpur University students5
0
Kolkata: After Sunday's massive student demonstration in the city, college and university teachers on Saturday lent a hand to their cause holding a protest-march against the Jadavpur University(JU) Vice-Chancellor's calling the the police inside the campus to break up a gherao.
Teachers owing allegiance to the Left-minded West Bengal College and University Teachers' Association (WBCUTA) marched from Golpark to Jadavpur super-market walking past Jadavpur University, a distance of two km, holding placards which condemned the action of Vice-Chancellor Abhijit Chakraborti.
Speaking from a makeshift stage at the end of the march, one of the participants in the procession said, "We have never seen teachers asking police to take action against their own students."
The TMCP would not use any flag of the union during the march, the sources said.
#kolkata #jadavpur university #protests
"We have seen bigger agitations in the past and there was a time when the protests were very aggressive, but even then the police was never called in inside the campus of universities or colleges," he observed.
"Students are like our children. Such action should not have been taken," said another participant. Meanwhile, the Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP), the student wing of the party, has called a march to the Raj Bhavan from the Academy of Fine Arts in downtown Kolkata tomorrow to protest against 'anarchy' being spread in educational institutions.
"We will agitate against those who are trying to create anarchy in educational institutions. We have asked all our units to participate in the rally," TMCP president Sankudeb Panda said.
The TMCP leadership would give a memorandum to Governor KN Tripathi demanding restoration of normalcy at the JU and resumption of classes, TMCP sources said.
The TMCP would not use any flag of the union during the march, the sources said.
In the afternoon, state Higher Education Minister Partha Chatterjee went to the residence of the girl, who was allegedly molested by some students in a hostel room within the university compound.
Though Chatterjee did not talk to the media, the father of the girl later said that the minister had assured him that they would get 'justice'.
2

British Raj did more harm than good in Indian subcontinent: Debate in UK Supreme Court65
0
London: The British Raj did more harm than good in the Indian subcontinent, this was the conclusion of a historic debate that put the mighty empire on a mock trial at the Supreme Court here. The Indo-British Heritage Trust organised the debate as the inaugural event to mark the 400th anniversary of formal relations between India and Britain back in 1614.
The motion before the house was, "The Indian sub-continent benefited more than it lost from the experience of British Colonialism". The team against the motion, eloquently led by Congress MP Shashi Tharoor and including fellow authors William Dalrymple and Nick Robins, clinched a decisive victory.
"No wonder the sun never set on the British Empire, even God couldn't trust the English in the dark," said Tharoor as part of his arguments which focused on the economic ruin of India at the hands of the East India Company.
The Indo-British Heritage Trust organised the debate as the inaugural event to mark the 400th anniversary of formal relations between India and Britain back in 1614.
#british raj #uk #indo british heritage trust #britain
"The might of Britain was built in the 18th and 19th centuries on the ruination of India - where India went from a 23 per cent share of the global economy to 4 per cent," he added. Dalrymple, author of 'White Mughals' and 'The Last Mughal', echoed the sentiment from the perspective of a prospering Mughal Empire which 'haemorrhaged' under the British.
"It is impossible even to consider this motion seriously without noting how far behind the West was for 90 per cent of our history...the British went to India to get a bit of action in the Mughal Empire which was then immeasurably richer than anything London, Paris, Madrid, Rome, Milan put together. Britain, with its mastery of cannon and artillery, drained India and the money came to Europe," he said.
The debate, which coincided with the Scottish referendum vote on Thursday, was chaired by senior Indian-origin MP and chair of the House of Commons' Home Affairs Select Committee Keith Vaz, who deftly managed proceedings for and against.
Speakers for the motion included arts editor of 'Newsweek' Pakistan Nelofar Bakhtyar, former British politician and BBC war correspondent Martin Bell, and Kwasi Kwarteng, Conservative Party MP and author.
Their side failed to win over the audience with their arguments in favour of the English language, rule of law, railways and cricket as positive legacy of the Empire. "The fact that we seized upon the English language for our own liberation is to our credit and not by British design," countered Tharoor, who ended on a lighter note saying, "Cricket was an Indian game accidentally discovered by the British".
The debate is the first in a series of events to be organised by Project 400, an initiative by the Indo-British Heritage Trust, founded by historian Kusoom Vadgama. It was 400 years ago in 1614 that King James I dispatched Sir Thomas Roe as ambassador to the court of Mughal Emperor Jahangir to arrange for a commercial treaty and obtain security assurances on behalf of the East India Company.
In the same year, the first Indian man set foot in Britain - an unnamed worker from Surat who was brought over in an East India Company vessel by a company chaplain and christened "Peter" by King James I. Vadgama launched Project 400 alongside her co-chair Michael Blacker to mark this official start of the India-UK relationship 400 years ago.
"Project 400 is a monument to the 400-year-old Indo-British relationship. It is also an opportunity to put on record the much neglected history of India in Britain to the same level of detail as that of the history of the British in India," she said.
"No history of the British Empire is complete without the history of its people. I never thought that one day I will put the mighty Empire on trial of all places in the Supreme Court," she said.
183

Customised Android tablet devices make way to India for Rs 5konwardsPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 8:35 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 8:49 pm
Challenging the one-size-fits-all approach of leading electronics manufacturers, a home-grown company has brought in a new concept of customised tablets for specific segments like children, women, seniors, professionals and gamers with prices starting at under Rs 5,000.
Besides being customised at the hardware and software levels, these tablets — under the brand name ‘Pinig Tabs’ and powered by Android operating system — would provide ‘managed device’ services to users through the product’s lifecycle.
The company, Pinig Tech, has categorised its tablets as Executive Tab, Kids Tab, Woman Tab, Gaming Tab and Senior Tab for different user groups. The tablets would start at a price of under Rs 5,000 and can go up to Rs 12,800 depending on the configuration that a user requires.
“We are passionate about technology and want to make it easy to use for everybody. You shouldn’t have to be tech-savvy to enjoy all the benefits of technology.
While your 8-month old child can use the Kids Tab for learning numbers and rhymes, your 70-year old dad can use the Senior Tab to watch his grandchildren learn their first words,” Pinig Tech’s co-founder Piyush Nigam said.
These tablets would come with a range of apps selected on the basis of the needs of the target user, while ensuring compatibility with a particular device’s configuration.
The company said that Pinig Tab would be a ‘managed device’, which means that it automatically upgrades chosen apps as and when a new version of the app is released.
The company has also lined up big plans for the upcoming festive season, while it is also in talks with leading e-commerce sites for exclusive associations.
Besides, Pinig aims to tap social media platforms and schools to promote these tabs.
Apart from discounts, Pinig would be offering festive packs that include branded tablet covers, earphones, 3G dongle and other accessories.
Rise of smartphones with large screen has eaten into the global tablet and 2-in-1 market with shipment growing just 3.9 per cent to 50.4 million units in the January-March quarter, research firm IDC said.
Slow growth across commercial and consumer segments saw sales of players like Apple, Asus and Amazon also falling.

Round 2 in Android One war: New phones may hit market byDecember-endSundar Pichai at Android One Launch in New Delhi. Source: PTI Photo
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 8:13 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 7:29 pm
Enthused by the initial response to Google’s Android One, handset makers Karbonn, Spice and Intex are gearing up for round two with a slew of smartphone launches beginning December this year.
The first set of Android One devices were launched last week, priced Rs 6,399 onwards by Micromax, Karbonn and Spice.
Karbonn is expected to be among the first ones to launch newer Android One devices in the country.
“Smartphone penetration in India still remains low and we believe there is still a huge scope…We will look at bringing in a device by December-end,” Karbonn Mobiles Executive Director Shashin Devsare told PTI.
India is the first country where the US-based firm’s Android One devices have been launched.
Similarly, Spice is also looking at unveiling its second Android One smartphone in the January-March quarter of next year, its Chairman and Group CEO Dilip Modi said.
“Our intent is to offer consumers a wide variety of products packed with features across various price points. We already have one of the most affordable smartphones with Firefox and we will continue to bring affordable devices to the market,” he added.
Google is rolling out the programme, which aims to bring affordable smartphone to the masses, across other markets like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will follow in the coming months.
It has also included new partners including Acer, Alcatal OneTouch, HTC, Asus and Lenovo, along with Indian brands like Xolo, Lava and Intex to bring in devices with various specifications across price points.
By associating with Google as part of the Android one ecosystem, Intex will offer customers an enhanced experience,
something unique in terms of design, pricing and functionality, Intex Business Head (Mobile) Sanjay Kalirona said.
“We are actively working on bringing out the device to the market. It takes about 3-4 months for any final product to be made available in the market,” Kalirona said but declined to comment on when the device would hit the market.
However, sources said Intex could unveil its device by January next year.
Analysts feel Android One will lead a fiercer competition in the mid-range smartphone market with firms offering better experience at price points in the range of Rs 6,000-10,000.
While the initial launch of the Android One handsets was done in partnership with eCommerce firms Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart, the handset makers would sell them through brick and mortar stores as well, which will further fuel competition.
According to research firm IDC, Micromax, Karbonn and Lava (top 5 vendors among total shipment as well as smartphone sales) together accounted for over 30 per cent of the market (in both cases).

British Empire loses trial in UK Supreme CourtBritish Empire
(Indo-British Heritage…)
LONDON: The British Raj did more harm than good in the Indian subcontinent, this was the conclusion of a historic debate that put the mighty empire on a mock trial at the Supreme Court here.
The Indo-British Heritage Trust organised the debate as the inaugural event to mark the 400th anniversary of formal relations between India and Britain back in 1614.
The motion before the house was, "The Indian sub-continent benefited more than it lost from the experience of British Colonialism".
The team against the motion, eloquently led by Congress MP Shashi Tharoor and including fellow authors William Dalrymple and Nick Robins, clinched a decisive victory.
"No wonder the sun never set on the British Empire, even God couldn't trust the English in the dark," said Tharoor as part of his arguments which focused on the economic ruin of India at the hands of the East India Company.
"The might of Britain was built in the 18th and 19th centuries on the ruination of India - where India went from a 23 per cent share of the global economy to 4 per cent," he added.
Dalrymple, author of 'White Mughals' and 'The Last Mughal', echoed the sentiment from the perspective of a prospering Mughal Empire which 'haemorrhaged' under the British.
"It is impossible even to consider this motion seriously without noting how far behind the West was for 90 per cent of our history...the British went to India to get a bit of action in the Mughal Empire which was then immeasurably richer than anything London, Paris, Madrid, Rome, Milan put together...Britain, with its mastery of cannon and artillery, drained India and the money came to Europe," he said.
The debate, which coincided with the Scottish referendum vote on Thursday, was chaired by senior Indian-origin MP and chair of the House of Commons' Home Affairs Select Committee Keith Vaz, who deftly managed proceedings for and against.
Speakers for the motion included arts editor of 'Newsweek' Pakistan Nelofar Bakhtyar, former British politician and BBC war correspondent Martin Bell, and Kwasi Kwarteng, Conservative Party MP and author.
Their side failed to win over the audience with their arguments in favour of the English language, rule of law, railways and cricket as positive legacy of the Empire.
"The fact that we seized upon the English language for our own liberation is to our credit and not by British design," countered Tharoor, who ended on a lighter note saying, "Cricket was an Indian game accidentally discovered by the British".
The debate is the first in a series of events to be organised by Project 400, an initiative by the Indo-British Heritage Trust, founded by historian Kusoom Vadgama.
It was 400 years ago in 1614 that King James I dispatched Sir Thomas Roe as ambassador to the court of Mughal Emperor Jahangir to arrange for a commercial treaty and obtain security assurances on behalf of the East India Company.
In the same year, the first Indian man set foot in Britain - an unnamed worker from Surat who was brought over in an East India Company vessel by a company chaplain and christened "Peter" by King James I.
Vadgama launched Project 400 alongside her co-chair Michael Blacker to mark this official start of the India-UK relationship 400 years ago.
"Project 400 is a monument to the 400-year-old Indo-British relationship. It is also an opportunity to put on record the much neglected history of India in Britain to the same level of detail as that of the history of the British in India," she said.
 
"No history of the British Empire is complete without the history of its people. I never thought that one day I will put the mighty Empire on trial of all places in the Supreme Court," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian medallists at 2014 Asian GamesIndian medallists at 2014 Asian Games
Health insurer Max Bupa sees 30-45% revenue growth this fiscalHealth insurer Max Bupa sees 30-45% revenue growth this fiscal
K.R.Srivats
Break-even in next 3-4 yrs, says CEO Mishra
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Max Bupa Health Insurance is eyeing 30-45 per cent growth in gross written premium (GWP) this fiscal as more Indians buy into the concept of private health insurance, it’s Chief Executive Officer Manasije Mishra has said.
The standalone health insurer expects break-even in three-to-four years from now, Mishra told Business Line in an interview here. “I don’t want to get into numbers (growth aspiration) because we are substantial part of a listed company. It is safe to assume that we will grow 2-3 times the industry rate. Last fiscal, the health insurance industry grew 15 per cent”, he said.
Max Bupa Health Insurance started its journey four years ago and a break-even target of eight years is consistent with a similar period eyed by most private life insurers.
The health insurer, which has a market share of 8.4 per cent in private medical insurance, had recorded 50 per cent growth in its GWP last fiscal, Mishra said.
Plans are afoot to continue its focus on family-based products, which accounted for over 70 per cent of its revenues last fiscal. “We are all about the family”, Mishra said, recalling how the company sold one policy to cover a family of 100 people in Chennai last year.
On competition, Mishra said he does not feel the heat from newer players entering the market as the penetration levels of health insurance in India are low. “Our industry is still very small. It needs to grow faster. I believe the category should expand. It is not about winning the market from each other, it is about growing the market. The existing benign regulatory environment should help”.
As an industry, there is a need to create more awareness as cost of medical care is much higher and is becoming a significant factor, he said, adding “I welcome more competition. General insurers are also becoming serious about health insurance which is a good thing”.
It is estimated that an Indian’s out-of-pocket spending (own money) for healthcare is as high as 70 per cent.
But, people still have to be “nudged” into buying health insurance even as the force of nudge had reduced in recent years, Mishra said.
krsrivats@thehindu.co.in.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Squeeze on short-term fundsCash crunch Some firms are unable to meet interest costs SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
With money locked into projects, some firms are struggling to meet their day-to-day needs
If Indian companies have not used the loans they raised for expansion projects, then where has it all gone?
While a prolonged economic slowdown has brought new investments to a standstill, it has increased the working capital requirement of some companies quite substantially.
In sectors where a large amount of capital is locked up in older projects, banks have been disbursing loans to these companies mostly to carry on day-to-day operations.
While it is difficult to ascertain where the debt has been deployed, tracking the working capital position can indicate a company’s short-term financial health. For instance, if the current ratio, (current assets/current liabilities) reduces over a period of time, it would mean that the company has limited leeway to keep its operations going, even in the short term.
Tracking finances
Worse, a negative working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) will mean that a company is unable to fund its short-term obligations.
There are many companies, whose working capital position has deteriorated in the last five years. For instance, within the infrastructure space, GMR Infra and GVK Power Infra saw their current ratios decline from around three times to less than one time.
Interest cover, a measure of a company’s ability to meet interest payments, also helps gauge a company’s financial health. Muted growth in revenues and profits, for instance, has shrunk GVK Power Infra’s interest cover to less than one time.
GMR Infra and JP Associates that have a negative working capital position have low interest cover of 0.8 to one time.
Engineers India, Sadbhav and IRB Infra, on the other hand have managed to keep a healthy working capital position. IRB Infra has a good interest cover of 1.8 times.
Within the power sector, most companies have a current ratio of less than one time. JP Power Venture, Adani Power and KSK Energy have current ratio of nearly 0.5 times.
Winners, losers
Adani Power and KSK Energy have just 0.5-0.6 times interest cover. However, NTPC, NHPC and Torrent Power have managed to keep their short-term finances healthy. NTPC and NHPC have healthy interest cover of three-five times.
Within the steel sector, Electrosteel Steels has a current ratio of just 0.5 times. The company has generated negative cash from operations in 2013-14, and has a negative interest cover, implying that it is unable to meet its interest payments.
But good operational performance has helped some of the players keep their finances healthy. For instance, Tata Steel reported a sharp jump in profits.
The company has been able to generate positive cash from operations. Tata Steel has a healthy interest cover of 2.5 times.
In the mining space, Sesa Sterlite that has a large debt, has a negative working capital. In the telecom space, many players with overambitious growth plans, have piled on a mountain of debt. However, a pick up in operational performance in recent quarters may aid these players to service their debt obligations.
As India Inc revives from one of the longest periods of slowdown, take care and pick winners to ride the good times.
Companies with large debt, modest asset base and deteriorating working capital can be given a go-by.
(This article was published on August 31, 2014)
Related

RBI Needs to Raise Policy Rates to Bring Down Inflation: IMFStrong Mind is Modi's Strength: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India needs to further increase policy rates to bring down inflation on a sustained basis, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said on Thursday.
In a note released ahead of the G20 meeting of Finance Ministers and central bank governors at Cairns in Australia, IMF said India needs to take more steps to reduce stubbornly high inflation and the large fiscal deficit.
"Sustainably lowering inflation will also require further increases in the policy rate and a simpler monetary framework with clear objectives and operational autonomy for the RBI," said the IMF note.
Responding to the demand of industry to cut rate in view of declining inflation, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had recently said: "There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation picking up again."
The RBI is scheduled to announce its bi-monthly monetary policy on September 30.
The wholesale price-based inflation dropped to 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August, while the retail inflation was still at an elevated level of 7.8 per cent.
The IMF said removing supply bottlenecks would lead to more sustainable growth. It also called for increasing public spending on infrastructure to ease supply bottlenecks and support economic development.
While lauding the new government's emphasis on fiscal consolidation, it said "the quality and durability of the consolidation remain a cause of concern."
The government proposes to bring down the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of GDP in current year from 4.5 per cent last fiscal.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to three per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
Outlining the policy priorities before the G20, IMF said the group of 20 developing and developed nations should take steps to boost growth.
India will be represented by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan at the G20 meet.
"Decisive structural reforms are needed across G20 economies to boost potential output and help ensure that growth is more sustainable," IMF said.
The 188-nation IMF said looking forward the global recovery should regain strength but downside risks have risen.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 21:11 (IST)

India Importing Over 100 000 Tonnes of Rice on Temporary Supply SqueezeYou are here: Home Economy
India Importing Over 100,000 Tonnes of Rice on Temporary Supply Squeeze
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 16:43 (IST)
Strong Mind is Modi's Strength: Finance Minister
New Delhi: India, the world's top rice exporter, is preparing to import the grain for the first time in nearly a quarter of a century to feed its remote and hilly northeastern region where rail freight is being disrupted due to a track overhaul.
The country will import more than 100,000 tonnes of rice from neighbouring Myanmar over the next several months, likely spread out across 10,000-30,000 tonne tenders, government officials said.
The imported rice and grain from domestic stocks will be distributed to the northeast region through Bangladesh's Ashuganj port, the officials said.
The imports and the distribution arrangement underscore the extensive challenges India faces as it tries to become a regional agricultural powerhouse. But the quantities are too small to shake up the rice market.
India took the crown as the world's top rice exporter in 2012, with nearly 10 million tonnes of annual overseas sales since then. It last imported rice in the early 1990s.
The country is undertaking the first major overhaul of the region's rail infrastructure since the British laid tracks there nearly 100 years ago. The broadening of the railway gauge will start in October and is likely to be completed in April 2015.
The states of Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur, and parts of Assam state, which normally receive their grain supplies from the northern plains of India, look set to be impacted the most by the work, the officials said. Rice is the staple food of the region, with consumption estimated at 80,000 tonnes a month.
Bringing in the grain via Bangladesh, which is only a few hundred kilometers from the cut-off locations, is expected to be cost effective and less susceptible to delays than hauling it by truck across more than 1,000 km (621 miles) of mountain roads from traditional supply centers.
State-run Food Corporation of India (FCI), the main grains procurement agency, uses railway wagons to supply rice and other grains to the northeastern states. But in the absence of modern broad gauge railway tracks, supplies beyond Silchar in Assam frequently get delayed and disrupted.
Pot-holed roads
Dependence on the region's road network is also tricky.
Road blockades are almost a regular feature in the militancy-hit region, where a long-running ethnic insurgency often leads to strikes and protests. The condition of the roads is also far from ideal.
"There are two highways - No.54 and No.40 - but the latter is in a bad shape because of pot-holes, leaving us with only one highway. For food supplies, it is always too risky to rely only on one highway," said a government official directly involved in organising grain supplies to the region.
For a dry run, the FCI has started moving grains in ships from the eastern Kolkata port to Karimganj in Assam state. It is also testing an alternative route - shipping grains in barges to the Ashuganj port in Bangladesh for supplies to Tripura state.
Earlier this month, state-run trader MMTC Ltd floated a tender to import 10,000 tonnes of rice for delivery in Mizoram. Separately, State Trading Corp has floated a similar tender to import 25 per cent broken rice for delivery in Manipur.
"These are exploratory tenders. Let's see what sort of response we get but we do see the need to import more than 100,000 tonnes of rice from Myanmar before the normal rail route is ready in six months' time," said a second official.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

ONGC to Begin Oil Production from KG Block in 2019You are here: Home Corporates
ONGC to Begin Oil Production from KG Block in 2019
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 20, 2014 14:50 (IST)
Vistara Airline Launch Held Up Due to Flying Permit Delay
New Delhi: State-owned ONGC's significant oil discovery in Bay of Bengal will begin production in 2019, with a peak output of 4.5 million tonnes a year, 20 per cent more than previous estimates.
The oil discovery in Krishna Godavari basin block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 will be the first large oil production from the east coast. The block also has 10 gas discoveries.
"We are moving fast on KG-D5 development. First gas from the block is planned for 2018 and first oil in 2019," Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) chairman and managing director Dinesh K Sarraf told reporters here.
While a bulk of its near 25 million tonnes crude oil production comes from western offshore and fields in states like Gujarat and Assam, KG-D5 will produce up to 90,000 barrels per day (4.5 million tonnes per annum) - the largest from any field on the east coast.
"Conservative estimates put the production at 75,000-plus bpd," he said.
Another company official put the peak output at 90,000 bpd.
ONGC will produce 17 million standard cubic meters per day of gas from the block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' producing KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 area.
"We plan to put to production discoveries in northern part of the block together with finds in a neighbouring block," he said, adding the company is currently working on a field development plan which will detail investment required.
KG-D5 is divided into a Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA).
Investment in NDA may be at least $9 billion, a senior company official said, adding the company's internal assessment was that gas can start flowing from the block only in 2021-22 but Sarraf wants the development to be fast-tracked so as to begin production by April 2018.
NDA holds an estimated 92.30 million tonnes of oil reserves and 97.568 billion cubic metres of inplace gas reserves spread over seven fields.
ONGC bought 90 per cent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 per cent interest in favour of ONGC.
Before selling most of its stake and giving away operatorship of the block, Cairn made four discoveries in the area - Padmavati, Kanakdurga, N-1 and R-1 (Annapurna).
Subsequently, ONGC made six significant discoveries - E-1, A1, U1, W1, D-1 and KT-1 in NDA and the first ultra-deepwater discovery UD-1 at a record depth of 2,841 metres.
The NDA comprises discoveries like Padmawati, Kanadurga, D, E, U, A, while the ultra deepsea UD find lies in SDA.
Block KG-DWN-98/2, comprising 7,294.60 square kilometres, was originally awarded to Cairn in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in April 2000.
Of this, 2,4623 sq km has been relinquished and ONGC currently holds 3,800.6 sq km in NDA and 3,494 sq km in SDA.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 14:48 (IST)

Federal Reserve Helps Markets to End in Green  Completes 6-week RallySebi Bars Four Season Farms From Disposing Assets
Mumbai: Buoyed by status quo stance taken by the US Fed on interest rate and optimism over trade ties with China helped both the key indices, Sensex and Nifty, to wash out initial sharp losses and land in positive terrain at close for the six week in a row.
Higher global cues triggered by stand taken by US Fed to keep interest rate unchanged and also boosted the market sentiment.
The S&P BSE benchmark Sensex resumed lower and dropped further to a low of 26,464.03 on heavy profit-booking from operators in view of setback of BJP in by-poll elections and fears of hike in interest rates by Federal Reserve.
However, it bounced back to a high of 27,247.17 on buying as Fed's promised to retain rates at low levels and rising optimism over trade ties with China before concluding the week at 27,090.42, showing a gain of 29.38 points or 0.11 per cent.
The Sensex has gained 1,761.28 points or 6.98 per cent in the six weeks.
The NSE 50-share Nifty also moved up by 15.95 points or 0.20 per cent to regain 8,100-mark to end at 8,121.45.
In a statement, the US Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen Wednesday in its policy setting meeting promised to keep the interest rates near zero for a "considerable time after its bonds buying programme comes to an end in October, giving immediate relief to the emerging markets, including India as fears of immediate capital outflows have subsided.
India Wednesday signed a 5-year trade and economic co-operation agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance and obtain $20 billion Chinese investments.
IT, tech, pharma, realty and auto shares attracted good buying support while refinery, metal PSU and capital goods counters suffered with losses.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 17:14 (IST)

Isro to restart Mangalyaan engine tomorrowComments
With  less than 48 hours left before the spacecraft enters Mars’ orbit, scientists of the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) have successfully test-fired its liquid engine.
Before the test-firing, Annadurai, programme director at Isro, told Hindustan Times: “The test firing is like a trial. The dormant engine has to be brought back to life. It is a challenge but if one is prepared well for the exam, the confidence for success is higher.”
The nail-biting prelim was carried out at 2:30pm when the craft’s 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor engine, which has been idle for 300 days, was fired up for four seconds. The fourth and final trajectory corrections were also made.
“The engine will be fired for nearly 4 seconds and almost half a kg of fuel will be needed for this operation,” says Koteshwar Rao, scientific secretary, Isro before the test-firing
On September 24 it will be put in action along with eight thrusters to slow down Mangalyaan so it can be injected into a safe orbit around the Red Planet.
Isro launched the Mangalyaan on November 5 to find evidence of life on Mars. If the spacecraft makes it, India will be the fourth after US, Russia and Europe to reach the Red planet. Once in orbit, the craft’s five payloads will take pictures and collect data for the next six months.
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate. Of the 51 missions so far, only 21 have succeeded. A similar mission by China failed in 2011.

J&K Floods: Haryana govt to send pumps to J&K for draining out waterPump sets are vastly required to expedite draining out of water from flooded areas of the Kashmir valley.
Press Trust of India | Chandigrah | Posted: September 21, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 4:52 pm
Haryana Government has decided to send 10 pump sets to Srinagar to expedite draining out of water from flooded areas of the Kashmir valley.
This is in addition to the earlier financial assistance of Rs 10 crore, medicines worth Rs 50 lakh, 50,000 blankets and food items sent to the flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana Additional Chief Secretary and Financial Commissioner (Revenue and Disaster Management) P K Gupta said here on Sunday.
He said the state government has responded promptly to the help sought by Chief Secretary, Jammu and Kashmir today to provide pumps for draining the flooded areas.
Gupta said accordingly directions were issued to send electrical vertical pumps with adequate accessories such as delivery pipe and the technical staff for operation.
“These will be dispatched tomorrow morning,” he said.
Gupta said that the Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntla Jakhu has further assured more support to the Government of Jammu and Kashmir as and when required.

Dalit girl burnt alive in UP; names stalker before dyingComments
A 17-year-old Dalit girl was burnt alive, allegedly by her neighbour — who was reportedly stalking and harassing her — and three others in a Uttar Pradesh village on Saturday. 
Before succumbing to injuries in a hospital on Sunday morning, the Class 12 student named her neighbour Mukesh as one of the four assailants, according to her family.
 
The girl was attacked in her village in Auraiya, around 90 km from Kanpur, when she had gone to attend nature’s call, said her father, a farmer.
 
He has lodged a complaint with the police.
 
The assailants allegedly blindfolded the girl before pouring kerosene on her and setting her on fire. The police are looking into information that some villagers noticed the girl engulfed in flames and screaming out her father’s name.
 
She was rushed to a local health centre from where she was shifted to a facility in Saifai, where she told her family she had recognised Mukesh by his voice. 
 
The sub-inspector of the police station where the FIR has been registered said the cause of the attack was being probed. A hunt is on for Mukesh and three others who allegedly assisted him.
 
The girl’s father said Mukesh had attacked her last month as well in a field. She managed to escape and they had approached the police to register a complaint. The villagers, however, pressured him to enter into a compromise with the boy's family.
 
He said under the arrangement Mukesh apologised in public and assured that he would not harass the girl again.
 
“Had I known he would kill my daughter, I would have never backtracked from filing the complaint with the police,” he added.
 
“I saw her writhing in unbearable pain, lying on the ground burnt. I will not let Mukesh go unpunished.”
 
Another family member of the girl said, “She had stopped going to school because of his (Mukesh’s) behaviour. Complaints to his parents didn’t work either.”
 
The police denied the farmer had approached them to complain against Mukesh a month ago.
 
The police have recovered matchsticks and an emptied kerosene can from the crime scene.
 
Rapes and other crimes against women are reported with disturbing frequency in India. According to one study, a rape is reported on an average every 21
minutes in India and incidents of molestation are common.
 
Uttar Pradesh, India’s most populous state, too has been hit by a raft of crimes against women. The state’s Samajwadi Party leadership came in for widespread criticism earlier this year for a series of shocking remarks on rape.
 
SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav faced massive backlash for saying during an election campaign in April, "Ladke, ladke hain, galti ho jati hai (Boys are boys, mistakes happen). That doesn't mean that you award them capital punishment."
 
His statement came in the context of death penalties awarded in some rape cases.
 

Dalit girl burnt alive in UP; names stalker before dyingDalit girl burnt alive in UP; names stalker before dying
NASA launches $20 000 Mars challengeNASA launches $20,000 Mars challenge
PTI  Washington, September 21, 2014
First Published: 19:01 IST(21/9/2014) | Last Updated: 04:22 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Attention, space enthusiasts! NASA is offering a $20,000 prize to anyone who can come up with a design idea for small science and technology payloads that could also provide the necessary weight to balance spacecraft entering the Martian atmosphere.
"NASA is committed to engaging the public, and specifically the maker community through innovative activities like the Mars Balance Mass Challenge," said NASA chief Technologist David Miller.
The Mars Balance Mass Challenge seeks design ideas for small science and technology payloads that could potentially provide dual purpose as ejectable balance masses on spacecraft entering the atmosphere of the Red planet.
The payloads will serve two roles: perform scientific or technology functions that help us learn more about the Red planet, and provide the necessary weight to balance planetary landers.
Submissions are due by November 21. A winner will be announced in mid-January 2015 and receive an award of $20,000, NASA said.
The US space agency has also launched a new website NASA Solve which it said is a "great way for members of the public, makers and other citizen scientists to see all NASA challenges and prizes in one location."

We can t compromise democracy for growth: Narendra ModiWe can t compromise democracy for growth: Narendra Modi
Terrorism is a crisis against humanity  not against nation or race: Prime Minister ModiTerrorism is a crisis against humanity  not against nation or race: Prime Minister Modi
Rajasthan govt springs into action ahead of Sachin Pilots visit to malnourished villageChaurakhadi village in Baran district where two children died of malnutrition in end August Malnutrition treatment center in Shahbad. (Source: Maqsood Ahmed)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Shahbad | Posted: September 21, 2014 7:59 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 1:28 am
Since the death of two one-year-old children late last month, Chaurakhadi village, on the state’s border with Madhya Pradesh, has been in the eye of the storm. With the Congress trying to corner the Vasundhara Raje government over alleged malnutrition deaths in her son Dushyant Singh’s constituency, the village bustled with VIP visitors on Sunday ahead of Rajasthan Congress Committee chief Sachin Pilot’s slated visit.
Even as the state government denied that the deaths were due to malnutrition, it sprung into action and admitted 47 Sahariya children to the malnutrition treatment centre in Shahbad since Wednesday.
In Kishanganj, 46 children were admitted to the centre, while nine more were admitted in Mangrol.
The Sahariyas, concentrated in Baran district, are one of the most backward tribes of the state. The Raje government in its previous term had introduced 35 kgs of wheat at subsidised rates for the community. The subsequent Ashok Gehlot government brought in a wholesome package, including ghee, edible oil, pulses etc.
Raje, while doing away with most of the freebies brought in by Gehlot, also dropped the package for the Sahariyas, retaining only the sanction for kerosene and wheat.
Local MLA Lalit Meena, who visited hours before MP Dushyant Singh’s tour, said, “Do you see anyone dying of malnutrition or hunger here? The Opposition wants to politicise the issue and is making false allegations.”
However, Genawati, whose one-year-old son Krishan died last month, said, “It is not easy to find work here and all the subsidies have also stopped. Now we eat only rotis and sometimes manage to get a vegetable.”
Shivraj, who lost his 10-month-old son Rinku, told The Indian Express, “My son died due to acute diarrhoea.”
Meanwhile, Pilot, who is slated to visit on Monday, alleged, “The state government has been living in denial. Malnourished children have poor immunity and are an easy prey to a whole lot of diseases. It is worse that such gross neglect is taking place in the CM and her son’s home turf. What can get worse than children dying of hunger that too in today’s day and age?”

Ban porn sites  start helplines for women: panelPanel on women’s safety recommends
Hyderabad, September 21:  
The committee set up to advise the Telangana Government on the issue of women’s safety has called for barring porn sites found to be abetting crimes against women. In its report, the committee called for starting a three-digit emergency phone number to attend to distress calls by women.
After studying over 60 State and Central laws, and provisions in the IPC for safeguard of women, the committee felt the Government must ensure women staffers in all business and shopping establishment are allowed to leave by 8 pm or, they must be provided transport facilities. It recommended a 33 per cent reservation for women in the police force.
Qualifications
The State could also consider relaxing qualifications to attract women into the police force.
The State should start ‘24-hour one-stop support centres’. This can be integrated with the women’s helpline. These centres should have a counsellor, a lady advocate with ten years of practice and police personnel headed by a lady deputy superintendent of police. In addition, each centre will have a multi-disciplinary mobile team linked with the helpline. This will ensure an organic link between one-stop support centres and helplines.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena makes fresh offer to BJPShiv Sena makes fresh offer to BJP
Our Bureau
THE HINDU Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray at the party workers meeting in Mumbai on Sunday. VIVEK BENDRE
Mumbai, September 21:  
The crisis in the 25-year-old alliance between the Shiv Sena and the BJP deepened further after a final seat-sharing formula offered by the Sena was given the cold shoulder by the latter. On Sunday morning, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray made a final proposal of 119 seats to the BJP, keeping 151 seats for his own party. Smaller alliance partners have been offered 18 seats in total. The offer was made by the Sena chief at a public meeting of party workers in suburban Mumbai. The BJP has, however, insisted on 130 seats — five less than its earlier demand.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Ukraine says wont pull back troops without full ceasefirePrint
NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) U.S. Gen. Philip M. Breedlove, left, U.S. Army Commander for International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), Gen. John F. Campbell, center, and NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Transformation (SACT) Gen. Jean-Paul Palomeros, right, attend a NATO Military Committee Conference in Vilnius, Lithuania. Source: AP photo
Agence-France Presse | Donetsk | Posted: September 21, 2014 7:44 pm
Ukraine insisted on Sunday it would not pull back its troops from the frontline until all sides cease fire under a peace plan aimed at ending five months of bloodshed in the east.
Kiev and pro-Russian rebels are supposed to pull back their forces and weaponry to create a 30-kilometre (20-mile) wide buffer zone in line with a reinforced truce deal agreed in Minsk yesterday.
But heavy gunfire erupted around the eastern insurgent stronghold of Donetsk today, just hours after NATO’s top military commander had said there was a ceasefire “in name only” on the ground.
National Security and Defence Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said the first point agreed in the Belarussian capital referring to a mutual ceasefire had to be respected before the rest of the plan could be implemented.
“But the first point has not yet been fulfilled, so we cannot speak about the other points,” he said.
“If (Ukrainian forces) are withdrawn, it will be done simultaneously with the Russian troop withdrawal.”
The nine-point Minsk plan is meant to reinforce a truce forged on September 5 in a bid to stem fighting that has claimed nearly 3,000 lives since April and threatened Ukraine’s very survival.
A rebel who identified himself as a member of Donetsk People’s Republic’s military intelligence said Ukrainian forces were continuing to shoot on insurgent positions around the airport although the attacks had dropped off in intensity and firepower.
“But when they fire we respond, of course,” the man who gave his name as Denis told AFP. “Each side wants to show the other they are still there.”
NATO’s top commander General Philip Breedlove said yesterday the continued clashes had shown it was a ceasefire “in name only” and accused Russia of keeping soldiers on Ukrainian soil to bolster the insurgents.
The truce was “still there in name, but what is happening on the ground is quite a different story,” he said on the sidelines of a NATO meeting symbolically convened in the ex-Soviet satellite state of Lithuania.
But he added: “It is our sincere hope and desire that… the two combatants can come to agreement to again get to a ceasefire situation.”
Lysenko said two soldiers had been killed over the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll since the original truce was declared to 37 servicemen and civilians.
There is no information on casualties from the rebel side.

India gets bronze in women s badminton team event at Asian GamesIndia gets bronze in women s badminton team event at Asian Games
ICAI seeks corrections to PPP modelHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ICAI seeks corrections to PPP model
Ch RS Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, September 21:  
The Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI), in association with the International School of Business, Hyderabad, is conducting a joint study and it will recommend to the government to incorporate certain corrections in the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model of investments.
“The PPP model has failed to a large extent, with many projects unable to generate the projected profits,” ICAI national president A.S. Durga Prasad said here in an interview on Saturday.
He said the ICAI had gathered the data on the issue . It will be studied after which interviews will be held with major players in PPP projects. He said, “We will also study some foreign models to understand the reasons for their success. It is unfortunate that in India not a single toll gate project has earned any profit,” Prasad said. He said the report would be completed in three months.
Further, he said, the ICAI would also undertake another study on the cost of agriculture operations, logistics and distribution. It is also evolving guidance notes on standard costing template and tracking cost of procedures for large health care projects.
He said that after revising the curriculum in 2012, the institute had been focusing on providing trained accounting professionals in the rural areas. The certified accounting technician (CAT) course, which could be completed in a year, has become a big hit in Kerala. Already 800 students have completed the course and in the current batch 3,000 students enrolled themselves. During the next batch, 5,000 are expected. After Kerala’s success, Rajasthan Government is also showing interest in the course, he added.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Hollande s est (enfin) expliqu sur les coulisses de cette photoPrevious Story
Next Story
Hollande sur l'île de Sein: "Je préfère avoir été trempé ce jour là que d'avoir été au sec"
E-mail
Commenter
POLITIQUE - Interrogé lors de la quatrième conférence de presse de son quinquennat , François Hollande s'est brièvement expliqué sur l'épisode surréaliste de son discours prononcé lors d'une cérémonie sur l'île de Sein sous un véritable déluge, le jour même de la démission du gouvernement .
Cette photo prise le 25 août dernier montrant le président de la République trempé avait fait le tour des réseaux sociaux et était devenu le symbole de la rentrée calamiteuse de son gouvernement.
A tel point qu'une journaliste d'Itélé a voulu savoir pourquoi le chef de l'Etat n'avait pas tout simplement requis un parapluie, suggérant que le spectacle de cette inondation avait pu dégrader l'image de la présidence.
"En tant que président, je ne peux pas supprimer la pluie. Je ne peux pas non plus la provoquer même si certains ont imaginé cette hypothèse", a d'abord ironisé François Hollande avant de tracer une parabole avec son propre quinquennat. "Moi, je ne me mets pas à l'abri", a-t-il assumé.
"On m'avait dit qu'il allait pleuvoir ce jour là. Je n'allais pas renoncer parce qu'il pleuvait. [...] Il y avait des enfants, des survivants, des élus qui étaient sous la pluie, trempés. Ils savaient que cette cérémonie avait quelque chose de sacré. Et vous pensez que j'aurais pu aller quérir un parapluie? Allez demandez-moi de me mettre aux abris quand tant d'autres étaient rincés, trempés? Parce que cela pouvait atteindre l'image du président de la République?", a-t-il demandé.
"Moi je pense tout le contraire. Je pense qu'être président de la République, dans ces circonstances, cela consistait justement à être sous les intempéries, à être avec les Français, à être avec ceux qui étaient là. [...] Non, quand on est président de la République, on ne se cache pas, on ne se protège pas. Et je préfère avoir été trempé ce jour là que d'avoir été au sec".
Plus:

Scotland vote to unleash London IPOsScotland vote set to unleash London IPOs
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Harriet Agnew and Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83d8c656-4001-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GSKs pain from scandal likely to lingerGSK closes a chapter with £300m fine but story likely to run on
By Andrew Ward, Patti Waldmeir and Caroline Binham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/575426c6-3ffb-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman admits cultivating ties with Libya fund© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2d79034-4021-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anchor mistakes Xi for 11  loses jobNEW DELHI, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 00:56 IST
Anchor mistakes ‘Xi’ for ‘11’, loses job
Anita Joshua
Reuters Chinese President Xi Jinping
TOPICS
A newsreader of Doordarshan News has been sacked as she pronounced the name of Chinese President Xi Jinping as “Eleven Jinping” in a bulletin, mistaking “Xi” for the Roman numeral “XI.”
The bulletin went on air at 6.15 a.m. on Wednesday and she was sacked in the afternoon.
She was from the casual panel of newsreaders. They stand in for those on regular service and are paid on a daily basis.

Alibabas IPO banks split $250m fee poolAlibaba’s IPO banks split $250m fee pool
By Tom Braithwaite and Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9122c908-4013-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DIPP Sets Up Panel for Quick Redressal of Investor QueriesYou are here: Home Economy
DIPP Sets Up Panel for Quick Redressal of Investor Queries
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 20, 2014 18:37 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: As the government gears up for the mega launch of 'Make in India' campaign on September 25, the DIPP has set up an 8-member expert panel for quick redressal of grievances and queries of global and domestic investors.
The team, which has members from private sector, is attached to 'Invest India', a joint venture between the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) and industry body Ficci.
"The team would try to resolve issues within 48 hours. And in case they are unable to resolve within the time frame, it would go to the nodal officer of the respective department who would try to fix that within 72 hours and in the extreme cases, the query would go to the Secretary," a senior official said.
The initiative is one of the several steps which the government has announced in order to improve ease of doing business in India and attract investments to boost manufacturing in the country.
The official said that there is an urgent need to boost manufacturing sector on a sustainable basis for long time in order to create jobs and boost economic growth.
"The sector requires lot of initiatives and lot of push by different departments and ministries and state governments. Mindset needs to be changed for things like approval and clearances of applications through online process," the official added.
Currently, to start business in India, an entrepreneur has to follow 12 procedures which takes 27 days. Similarly, enforcing contracts takes years.
"Our target should be that India should radically come up in improving ease of doing business. The DIPP has already taking several steps including delicensing sectors such as defence and railways and having a timeline for clearance of applications," the official said.
The DIPP is also planning a mega digital campaign in order to sell India as an attractive investment destination.
As per the latest World Bank's report on 'ease of doing business', India had slipped three notches to 134th spot. The report ranks 189 economies on various parameters relating to business and regulatory environment.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the 'Make in India' campaign that will be attended by about a thousand global and domestic business leaders.
Several top global companies from countries including the US, Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France are likely to attend the function.
The officials also said that prospective investors will be informed about India's growth story and the steps being taken by the government to improve investment climate here.
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 18:36 (IST)

L ide gniale que tous les ptissiers vont vouloir copierPrevious Story
Next Story
VIDÉO. Pour séparer le blanc du jaune d'un œuf, l'idée géniale que tous les pâtissiers vont vouloir copier
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
CUISINE - Vous invitez votre famille à dîner et préparez une recette gourmande en œufs ? Ne perdez pas votre temps à jongler avec les coquilles pour séparer les blancs des jaunes et regardez plutôt la vidéo ci-dessous, repérée par nos collègues du HuffPost américain .
Trois bacs en inox, une grille, une légère inclinaison, et le tour est joué. Partagée sur Facebook par une internaute taïwanaise , l'astuce séduira certainement tous les pâtissiers pressés...
Si vous n'avez qu'une bouteille en plastique, vous préférerez peut-être cette autre astuce . Et s vous mangez autre chose que des œufs, découvrez d'autres astuces en cliquant sur les liens ci-dessous.

Une fuite d eau  l Elyse: la maldiction de HollandeConférence de presse de François Hollande: Une fuite d'eau à l'Elysée, la malédiction de Hollande
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
ELYSÉE - Après ses nombreuses malchances climatiques depuis le début de son quinquennat, François Hollande avait blagué en affirmant que "gouverner c'est pleuvoir". Ce jeudi 18 septembre, lors de la conférence de presse, le sort (et la météo) a continué de s'acharner contre lui.
"Je ne peux pas supprimer la pluie" a-t-il ironisé lors de cette conférence de presse. Il faut dire que cette fois encore, la météo n'a pas été de son côté. Alors que la journée avait été radieuse, une averse s'est abattue sur l'Elysée quelques minutes avant le début de la conférence.
A tel point qu'une fuite d'eau s'est déclenchée en pleine salle des fêtes de l'Elysée, captivant l'assemblée de journalistes dans l'attente du président de la République.
Il pleut a l'Elysee ! (De l'eau qui tombe du plafond) #ConfPR pic.twitter.com/5X6WDdpc5D
— Thibaut Pézerat (@ThibPez) 18 Septembre 2014
Énorme il y a une fuite d'eau dans le plafond de la salle des fêtes de l'Elysée #confPR pic.twitter.com/XS1APQk4N2
— Jefferson Desport (@jeffdesport) 18 Septembre 2014
Quand ça veut pas, ça veut pas...
LIRE AUSSI :

MMRDA plans to monetise Bandra-Kurla Complex land parcelsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Army treats nearly 300 people in flood-hit RajouriArmy treats nearly 300 people in flood-hit Rajouri
Delhi Metro trains to display ads to augment revenueDelhi Metro trains to display ads to augment revenue
Thousands march in Moscow against Kremlin role in UkraineThousands march in Moscow against Kremlin role in Ukraine
Minister visits Jadavpur molestation victim  faces criticismMinister visits Jadavpur molestation victim  faces criticism
NCP core panel meet tomorrow to decide on seat sharing deadlock with CongressPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 9:01 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 8:45 am
Putting pressure on Congress over the deadlock regarding seat sharing for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, NCP on Sunday said a meeting of its core committee in Mumbai tomorrow will take a final call on the matter even as it asserted that it is sticking to its “original demand”.
“No new proposal has been received by the party. We stand by our original demand for 144 Assembly seats. Time is of the essence as the election process has already begun,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel said.
Patel said that the meeting of the NCP Core Committee, which is to be held at around noon tomorrow, would take a “final call” on the stalemate.
His statement came even as Congress looked for ways to end the impasse with leaders from Maharashtra, including Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and PCC chief Manikrao Thakre, holding consultations with some central leaders.
There was no word from Congress on the way ahead and a section of Maharashtra leaders have been alleging that Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar was the stumbling block in efforts to find a solution.
Patel, the NCP Vice President, had on Saturday given Congress a day to respond on the issue of seat sharing for the Oct. 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra saying that his party could wait no longer.
“The filing of nominations has begun. We can wait for a day more for Congress’s response on our proposal on the quantum of seats,” Patel had said, though he had clarified that it was not meant to be an ultimatum.
In New Delhi, Maharashtra Congress chief Manikrao Thakre had on Saturday said they have put the ball in NCP’s court and claimed that the Sharad Pawar-led party is yet to give a “positive response” to the former’s proposal for seat sharing.
After a meeting of the party’s Central Election Committee (CEC) here on Saturday, he had said that Congress will have to prepare for all 288 seats in the state if a response from NCP does not come within a day or two.
The CEC had held deliberations on the selection of candidates for the 174 seats in Maharashtra which the party had contested in the last Assembly polls.

Chinese pitch seven tents in Chumar; stand off continuesPrint
Press Trust of India | Leh/new Delhi | Posted: September 21, 2014 8:50 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 9:10 pm
The stand-off in Chumar area of Ladakh area took a new turn on Sunday with Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) pitching seven tents well within the Indian territory and showing no signs of withdrawing from the territory.
The Chinese who had arrived in vehicles on Saturday in Chumar, 300 km from Leh, started erecting the tents in the Indian territory despite repeated warnings by the army to vacate the area, official sources said.
ALSO READ:  Repeated incursions by China won’t be overlooked: Rajnath
Nearly 100 personnel of the PLA strength were estimated around Point 30R, a strategically important post, as it helps India to keep a vigil deep inside the occupied territory of Chinese, they said.
This incursion was in addition to the 35-odd personnel who were already camping at a hillock in the Chumar area itself, the sources said.
The Chinese soldiers were demanding that Indian army should withdraw simultaneously from the area but the army had decided to dig in its heels. The Chinese soldiers had retreated to their territory on Thursday night.
The Point 30R post has been frequented by PLA often as Indian Army has kept an observation post which dominates the Line of Actual Control (LAC) and gives advantage to India in keeping a vigil on the Chinese activity deep across the border.
Chinese helicopters were again seen in action for dropping food packets for its soldiers but none of them violated the air space. The food packets were later collected by the PLA personnel and stored inside the tents.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory, the sources said.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave, telling them that otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory.
In 2012, the PLA dropped some of its soldiers in this region and dismantled the makeshift storage tents of the Army and ITBP.
Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) last year as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar.
Again, Chumar witnessed Chinese troops walking away with an Army surveillance camera on June 17 which was meant for keeping an eye on the PLA troops patrolling there. The same camera was returned after a few days.
During winter this year, Chinese soldiers attempted to enter this area riding on horses. The area has witnessed frequent incursion attempts by the Chinese troops.
Chinese helicopters were again seen in action for dropping food packets for its soldiers but none of them violated the air space.

British Empire loses trial in UK Supreme Court!British Empire
(Indo-British Heritage…)
LONDON: The British Raj did more harm than good in the Indian subcontinent, this was the conclusion of a historic debate that put the mighty empire on a mock trial at the Supreme Court here.
The Indo-British Heritage Trust organised the debate as the inaugural event to mark the 400th anniversary of formal relations between India and Britain back in 1614.
The motion before the house was, "The Indian sub-continent benefited more than it lost from the experience of British Colonialism".
The team against the motion, eloquently led by Congress MP Shashi Tharoor and including fellow authors William Dalrymple and Nick Robins, clinched a decisive victory.
"No wonder the sun never set on the British Empire, even God couldn't trust the English in the dark," said Tharoor as part of his arguments which focused on the economic ruin of India at the hands of the East India Company.
"The might of Britain was built in the 18th and 19th centuries on the ruination of India - where India went from a 23 per cent share of the global economy to 4 per cent," he added.
Dalrymple, author of 'White Mughals' and 'The Last Mughal', echoed the sentiment from the perspective of a prospering Mughal Empire which 'haemorrhaged' under the British.
"It is impossible even to consider this motion seriously without noting how far behind the West was for 90 per cent of our history...the British went to India to get a bit of action in the Mughal Empire which was then immeasurably richer than anything London, Paris, Madrid, Rome, Milan put together...Britain, with its mastery of cannon and artillery, drained India and the money came to Europe," he said.
The debate, which coincided with the Scottish referendum vote on Thursday, was chaired by senior Indian-origin MP and chair of the House of Commons' Home Affairs Select Committee Keith Vaz, who deftly managed proceedings for and against.
Speakers for the motion included arts editor of 'Newsweek' Pakistan Nelofar Bakhtyar, former British politician and BBC war correspondent Martin Bell, and Kwasi Kwarteng, Conservative Party MP and author.
Their side failed to win over the audience with their arguments in favour of the English language, rule of law, railways and cricket as positive legacy of the Empire.
"The fact that we seized upon the English language for our own liberation is to our credit and not by British design," countered Tharoor, who ended on a lighter note saying, "Cricket was an Indian game accidentally discovered by the British".
The debate is the first in a series of events to be organised by Project 400, an initiative by the Indo-British Heritage Trust, founded by historian Kusoom Vadgama.
It was 400 years ago in 1614 that King James I dispatched Sir Thomas Roe as ambassador to the court of Mughal Emperor Jahangir to arrange for a commercial treaty and obtain security assurances on behalf of the East India Company.
In the same year, the first Indian man set foot in Britain - an unnamed worker from Surat who was brought over in an East India Company vessel by a company chaplain and christened "Peter" by King James I.
Vadgama launched Project 400 alongside her co-chair Michael Blacker to mark this official start of the India-UK relationship 400 years ago.
"Project 400 is a monument to the 400-year-old Indo-British relationship. It is also an opportunity to put on record the much neglected history of India in Britain to the same level of detail as that of the history of the British in India," she said.
 
"No history of the British Empire is complete without the history of its people. I never thought that one day I will put the mighty Empire on trial of all places in the Supreme Court," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi s interview to boost confidence in the country: ExpertsForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Delhi: JNU  DU student politics sees dramatic shift9
1
New Delhi: Student politics in two internationally-known universities - DU and JNU - have surprised many this time round. While the right-wing ABVP expanded its hold in JNU, a campus dominated by left politics, the radical leftist AISA increased its vote share in DU, giving close competition to traditional organisations.
Started in 1990, the All India Students' Association (AISA), affiliated to the Communist Party of India-Marxist-Leninist, is going strong in Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), but its vote share has been steadily going down.
But it is in Delhi University (DU), where the students body elections are bitterly fought between traditional rivals, the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), a student body of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS), and National Students' Union of India (NSUI), the Congress students outfit, that the AISA has put up a good show, stunning many.
For the ABVP, DU continues to be its home turf as it bagged four seats in the students union (DUSU), although after 18 years. But in JNU, where its presence was inconspicuous, it has gained ground.
#jnu #delhi university #abvp #aisa
For the ABVP, DU continues to be its home turf as it bagged four seats in the students union (DUSU), although after 18 years. But in JNU, where its presence was inconspicuous, it has gained ground.
While its vice presidential and general secretary candidates secured second position in the Jawaharlal Nehru Student's Union (JNUSU), its president and joint secretary candidates came third - a fact that has never happened in the university's history.
Also, its councillors' share has increased to 12 out of the 31 in different departments as against last year's six of 26.
Established in the early 1970s, JNU has always been a left stronghold and has given many Left leaders to the nation but now the influence seems to be waning.
"I think now the students are fed up with policies of the left organisations. The left groups do not talk about students issues while ABVP has always struggled for their rights. Like in the larger political front, the Left is losing their hold in West Bengal and Kerala, so the same thing is happening in JNU too," ABVP national secretary Rohit Chahal said.
ABVP was founded in 1948 and has a strong base in universities of Delhi, Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan.
"An increase from six to 12 in councillors' posts is, I think, very remarkable. The organisations with anti-national ideology do not have anything new to offer and this has helped ABVP gain," claimed Chahal, in a reference to Left-affiliated student groups.
The oldest and once influential Students' Federation of India (SFI) maintains that ABVP has gained in JNU this year because a supportive government is in power.
"ABVP has been strong in science departments and with NDA coming to power, they got an added advantage," SFI's presidential candidate Pindiga Ambedkar said.
SFI, affiliated to Communist Party of India-Marxist, is confident they will bounce back.
"We have performed much better this time than last year. Our vote share has grown by above 600 and then we have six councillors too. We suffered a little due to the split that occurred in 2012. However, we will revive," added Ambedkar.
Interestingly, DU is seeing the rise of AISA whose vote share has grown from 3,000 earlier to over 10,000 this year.
The group, which still does not have a presence in all 50 colleges affiliated to the varsity, was successful in giving tough competition to once-powerful NSUI.
"A few years ago, AISA was a distant group which was not capable of influencing students' mindset dominated by caste politics. But our polemical association with Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement in 2011 was the first breakthrough and got us the spotlight," AISA's DU president Sunny Kumar said.
So in tandem with the movement, the student group started two other campaigns "Student Youth against Corruption" and "Student Youth Rights Movement" to give students "a platform to engage with national politics".
Moreover, their participation during the Dec 16 gang rape protests in the national capital helped the group expand its reach.
"We were so vociferous in our protest that we were able to get representation even in the (JS) Verma committee that was constituted after the gang rape to spell out safety measures for the women. Since then students and others believe that we can usher in change.
"With the rise of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), students feel that they can also have their say and be part of politics that is clean and can usher in change in society," added Kumar.
Rajesh Jha, a political science professor in DU. however attributes AISA's rise to ultra-left teachers appointments.
"It is important to see growth of AISA in the light of teachers' appointments by the university. In the last five to six years, over 2,500 teachers with left leanings have been appointed. These teachers obviously want a student group that they could work with during times of crisis... that is how AISA became so prominent," Jha added.
1

We cannot question patriotism of Muslims  CPI supports PM s statementWe cannot question patriotism of Muslims, CPI supports PM's statement
CNN-IBN | Sep 21, 2014 at 08:43pm
CPI leader Reddy says that the PM rightly said that patriotism of Muslims can not be questioned.
Foreign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Chinese pitch seven tents in Chumar; Stand off continuesSep 21, 2014 at  09:17pm IST
Chinese pitch seven tents in Chumar; stand off continues
82
0
Leh/New Delhi: The stand-off in Chumar area of Ladakh area took a new turn on Sunday with Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) pitching seven tents well within the Indian territory and showing no signs of withdrawing from the territory.
The Chinese who had arrived in vehicles on Saturday in Chumar, 300 km from Leh, started erecting the tents in the Indian territory despite repeated warnings by the army to vacate the area, official sources said.
Nearly 100 personnel of the PLA strength was estimated around Point 30R, a strategically important post, as it helps India to keep a vigil deep inside the occupied territory of Chinese, they said.
The Chinese soldiers were demanding that Indian army should withdraw simultaneously from the area but the army had decided to dig in its heels.
#india #china #chumar #xi jinping
This incursion was in addition to the 35-odd personnel who were already camping at a hillock in the Chumar area itself, the sources said. The Chinese soldiers were demanding that Indian Army should withdraw simultaneously from the area but the army had decided to dig in its heels. The Chinese soldiers had retreated to their territory on Thursday night.
The Point 30R post has been frequented by PLA often as Indian Army has kept an observation post which dominates the Line of Actual Control(LAC) and gives advantage to India in keeping a vigil on the Chinese activity deep across the border.
Chinese helicopters were again seen in action for dropping food packets for its soldiers but none of them violated the air space. The food packets were later collected by the PLA personnel and stored inside the tents.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory, the sources said.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave, telling them that otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally. Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory.
In 2012, the PLA dropped some of its soldiers in this region and dismantled the makeshift storage tents of the Army and ITBP. Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) last year as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar. Again, Chumar witnessed Chinese troops walking away with an Army surveillance camera on June 17 which was meant for keeping an eye on the PLA troops patrolling there.
The same camera was returned after a few days. During winter this year, Chinese soldiers attempted to enter this area riding on horses. The area has witnessed frequent incursion attempts by the Chinese troops.
113

Nitin Gadkari in J&K on Monday to review work in flood-hit areas9
0
New Delhi: Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari will visit Jammu and Kashmir on Monday to review repair and rehabilitation operations concerning roads and drinking water in the flood ravaged areas in the state.
Gadkari, who also heads road transport and highways ministry, will arrive at Srinagar airport on Monday morning and then undertake aerial survey of severely affected areas in the state, an official statement said.
He will later hold a review meeting to assess the damage caused to the roads built under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) and discuss plans to rebuild the damaged road network, it said.
Nitin Gadkari will also hold discussions with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and call on Governor NN Vohra.
#nitin gadkari #floods #jammu and kashmir
"The review meeting will be attended, among others, by senior officials from the Road Transport and Highways Ministry, Border Roads Organisation, Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana and the state government. Gadkari will also review the drinking water supply with the officials concerned," it said.
He will also hold discussions with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and call on Governor NN Vohra.
The Centre has so far supplied more than four lakh 25 thousand litres of drinking water for the flood affected people and four water purification plants each with capacity of one lakh litres per day are already working at Rambag, Old Airport Base, Bemina and Rajbagh, the statement said.
Additional 20 water purification plants each with a capacity of 20,000 litres per day have been airlifted from Hyderabad to Srinagar and 12 of them have already been installed at Baramulla, Sopore, Mahjoornagar and Padshahibagh and four others at different hospitals.
The review comes in the wake of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's direction to all ministries to join in the rescue, relief and rehabilitation measures to help the state government in tiding over the unprecedented natural calamity, it said.
1

Tea companies urged to step up research fundingTea companies urged to step up research funding
Our Bureau
Rajani Ranjan Rashmi
Kolkata, September 21:  
The Centre has urged tea companies to step up funding in research to enhance productivity, explore scope of mechanisation, improve quality and mitigate climate risk for long-term sustainability.
Addressing the annual general meeting of the Indian Tea Association, Rajani Ranjan Rashmi, Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Commerce, criticised the tea industry for lack of research initiative.
Unlike the global industry practices, tea research in India was almost entirely dependent on government funding, he said adding that going forward, the Government would collaborate in activities spearheaded by the tea industry.
No mechanisation data
The tea industry complaints about high labour cost (more than half of the operational cost) but there has not been any dependable data on the possibility of mechanisation, Rashmi said.
“People say mechanisation is an answer. But, there is no detailed study to justify such views,” he said inviting the industry to explore the issue at length. Climate change poses great risk to tea production and the industry should come forward with adequate research to mitigate the challenge, he added.
Attributing the growth in production to rising contribution from small growers, Rashmi said the Tea Board financed schemes so far have failed to address productivity issues. On standardisation of minimum residue limits of pesticides, he said the Government was committed to notify the new norms within the extended timeline of end-December.
A move is on to amend the Tea Act to change the role of Tea Board from a licensing authority to a regulatory body.
Having initiated the process two years ago, the Board has already submitted a detailed proposal for amending the Tea Act to the Commerce Ministry. The Ministry, in turn, sought the views of stakeholders.
The proposal for pan-India e-auction of tea is also being revived. If implemented, it will allow the member of any of the six auction centres to trade in all the auction centres across the country, at the click of a mouse. The proposal, which was initiated in 2013, was put on the back burner due to high cost of software development and issues related to settlement process. Additionally, the industry is not yet clear about the benefits of such a scheme due to high cost of transaction for small buyers.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Students protest: thousands take to Kolkata roadsBraving the rain: Thousands of students of Jadavpur University, along with supporters from other city colleges, stage a protest in Kolkata on Saturday. ASHOKE CHAKRABARTY
Jadavpur varsity students to meet again today
Kolkata, September 21:  
What began as a students’ protest against Jadavpur University authorities blew up into a huge rally here on Saturday.
Braving the odds, thousands — students as well as the public — took to the streets, demanding a probe into alleged police action on students and resignation of the varsity’s vice-chancellor Abhijit Chakrabarti and other senior officials.
The protestors demanded a fresh probe panel to investigate the alleged sexual harassment of a girl student inside the campus on August 28.
The huge protest witnessed on Saturday was perhaps the first one of such scale ever since the Mamata Banerjee government came to power in 2011.
The protest march brought traffic across central and parts of south Kolkata to a standstill.
Following the intervention of Governor KN Tripathi, the students subsequently called off their demonstration but have scheduled a meeting for Monday.
“Our movement has got moral support from the Governor and we are withdrawing the sit-in demonstration.
“All students will assemble at the Jadavpur University premises on Monday. We have not withdrawn our agitation and demand for justice,” said a student representative who met the Governor.
Initially, the protest was restricted to the campus. On September 16, the students gheraoed the varsity’s VC and two other officials.
The police was then called in to break the gherao in the wee hours of September 17, leading to alleged lathi-charge.
The VC said he feared for his life and hence sought help from the police.
This triggered a wave of protest within the campus; which subsequently spread across through social media. Fanning the fire, State Education Minister Partha Chatterjee justified police action and stood by the VC. Similarly, the city police commissioner also denied allegations of lathi-charge.
On Saturday, protestors began the rally from Nandan, the cultural hub of the city. The rally was stopped near Mayo Road by the police.
Indefinite sit-in
Initially, the protestors threatened go on an indefinite sit-in demonstration if their demands were not met.
Following a one-and-a-half hour meeting with the Governor, the students temporarily withdrew the demonstration.
“We will decide on the next course of our agitation on Monday,” the student representative said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Uddhav refuses to yield  both sides wait for other to blinkPrint
Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray during a meeting of party MPs and MLAs in Mumbai on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre , Liz Mathew | New Delhi/mumbai | Posted: September 21, 2014 9:29 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 8:29 am
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and Shiv Sena was on the brink of a break-up on Sunday with the BJP rejecting the seat-sharing formula proposed by Uddhav Thackeray . On Sunday morning, the Sena publicly offered 119 seats to the BJP , keeping 151 seats for itself and 18 for their smaller allies.
Top leaders of the BJP held marathon discussions in New Delhi to chalk out strategy . A parliamentary board meeting was followed by the Central Election Committee holding talks, which was followed by another meeting of the parliamentary board. Both party chief Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended all the meetings.
According to highly placed sources, Shah and Modi also met separately where they discussed the ramifications “if the Sena and BJP separate” and what can be done to “salvage” the tie-up.
The BJP has reportedly indicated to the Sena that the alliance would end if its demand for 126 to130 seats was not met. It has proposed 140-144 seats for the Sena and 18 for the allies. Both the central and state BJP were agreed that the Sena’s offer of 119 was not acceptable at any cost.
The Sena, that also held meetings throughout the day, has decided to wait till Monday before making any move. The Maharashtra BJP core committee conveyed to the central leaders that it was ready to contest all the 288 seats in the state in the October 15 elections. While the overall mood in the party is that it should not buckle under the Sena’s pressure, senior leaders are willing to make one last attempt to bring around its ally. Senior leaders and Union ministers Sushma Swaraj and Rajnath Singh may be deployed to hold negotiations with Uddhav.
While some BJP sources said the bone of contention was not seat-sharing but the Sena’s insistence on announcing Uddhav as the coalition’s chief ministerial candidate, the BJP officially denied it. In a clear signal to its ally, the BJP parliamentary board meeting reviewed its preparations on the 169 seats which were contested by the Sena in the 2009 elections. The BJP had contested 119 seats then.
Similarly, at his meetings at Matoshree with Sena leaders, Uddhav worked on a ‘Plan A’ and ‘Plan B’. Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana leader Raju Shetty and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha’s Mahadev Jankar also held meetings with him to save the alliance.
Uddhav raised the 169:119 formula of 2009 to make the argument for his seat-sharing offer Sunday. Under it, nine seats each were to be left by the Sena and BJP for allies Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana, Republican Party of India, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Shiv Sangram. “It would mean the Sena getting 160 seats, BJP 110 and allies 18. But continued…

PM to meet US-based Jewish groups in New YorkPM to meet US-based Jewish groups in New York
Pope says religion cannot be used to justify violencePope says religion cannot be used to justify violence
ABVP condemns Bilawal s remarks on KashmirABVP condemns Bilawal s remarks on Kashmir
Archeologists Make Grisly Discovery At SobiborArchaeologists Uncover Buried Gas Chambers At Sobibor Death Camp
Reuters
reddit
By Kacper Pempel
SOBIBOR, Poland, Sept 18 (Reuters) - Archaeologists working  at the site of the Nazi concentration camp at Sobibor, in  eastern Poland, say they have uncovered previously-hidden gas  chambers in which an estimated quarter of a million Jews were  killed.
German forces tried to erase all traces of the camp when  they closed it down following an uprising there on Oct. 14,  1943. The Nazis demolished the gas chambers and an asphalt road  was later built over the top.
Archaeologists excavated beneath the road and found lines of  bricks, laid four deep, where they believe the walls of the gas  chambers used to stand.
They have been able to establish how big the chambers were,  information they said would help build up a more precise picture  of how many people were murdered at the camp.
"Finally, we have reached our goal -- the discovery of the  gas chambers. We were amazed at the size of the building and the  well-preserved condition of the chamber walls," said Yoram  Haimi, one of the archaeologists.
Haimi said two of his own uncles, who had been living in  Paris during the war and were rounded up by the Germans, were  among those who were killed at Sobibor.
The archaeologists said among the personal items they had  come across buried in the ground near the gas chambers was a  wedding ring which carried the inscription, in Hebrew: "Behold,  you are consecrated unto me."
EVIDENCE DESTROYED
Historians say that because the Germans razed the camp, and  because so few of those detained there came out alive to give  testimony, there is less information about how Sobibor operated  and the scale of the killing than there is for some other  concentration camps.
Polish archaeologist Wojciech Mazurek, who has also been  involved in uncovering the site, said the excavations revealed  there were eight gas chambers.
"The extermination of people took place there; murder by  smoke from an engine that killed everyone within 15 minutes in  these gas chambers, in torment, shouting," he told Reuters  Television.
"It is said that ... the Nazis even bred geese in order to  drown out these shouts so that prisoners could not have heard  these shouts, these torments."
According to Israel's Yad Vashem International Institute for  Holocaust Research, the 1943 uprising was organized by Jewish  civilians at the camp and Jewish officers in the Soviet army who  had been taken prisoner and sent to Sobibor.
About 300 people escaped, but most were caught and killed.  Those who did not take part in the break out were also killed.  At the end of World War Two, about 50 escapees were left alive.
The research project at Sobibor is being carried out in  coordination with the Israeli-based Yad Vashem International  Institute for Holocaust Research, the German-Polish Foundation,  and the Majdanek State Museum, near the Polish city of Lublin. (Additional reporting by Robert Furmanczuk and Michal Ratynski;  Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Crispian Balmer)
More:

Diversion of capital  use of debt as capital lead to defaults'Diversion of capital, use of debt as capital lead to defaults'
Our Bureau
Deepak Narang, Executive Director, United Bank of India, flanked by Sunil Kanoria (Left), Vice Chairman, SREI, and Sanjay Jhunjhunwala, CEO, Mani Group, at the Assocham CFO Conclave in Kolkata on Friday. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Sept 19:  
Deepak Narang, Executive Director of United Bank of India, on Friday said here at an Assocham-organised event that in most cases of defaults, it was found that diversion of capital and use of debt as capital were principal reason for financial trouble.
“These created dual leverage. In a economic downswing, this led to defaults”, the banker said.
Narang pointed out that in good time, companies went in for additional borrowing for gaining in liquidity beyond their means. When the cycle turned bad, many of the companies, which went for excess borrowing, were caught in a debt trap, he observed.
“Maintain a reserve borrowing power. If you spot early signs of trouble, instead of resorting to short-term borrowing, consult the banker to sort things out," he advised the companies.
He also sounded alerts against unreasonable corporate debt restructuring requests. The official of the PSU bank said that covenants were in place and a default lead to strict legal action including the tag of a “wilful defaulter”.
Late last month, UBI was the first bank to declare wilful defaulter tag on Vijay Mallya and a few others of the United Breweries group.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Are we leaving our digital doors openAre we leaving our digital front doors wide open?
By Izabella Kaminska
We give hackers a hand by being less than imaginative with security, says Izabella Kaminska
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f912ace-3f38-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Human creativity will survive technologySeptember 19, 2014 3:07 pm
Human creativity will survive the relentless tide of technology
By Diana Athill
Who would have continued in a horse-drawn carriage once we had the car, asks Diana Athill
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/703143f6-3e9b-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

American football increases in violenceAmerican football violence increases too much for its own good
By Gary Silverman
Advertisers wonder whether to associate their goods with the resulting spectacle
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89dac2b0-3f4e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emaar Malls: retail therapy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/58b9c770-3f31-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New rules open door for firms to exit price-controlled drugsNew rules open door for firms to exit price-controlled drugs
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 19:  
Pharmaceutical companies making essential drugs now have an easier option to discontinue producing those medicines whose prices are controlled. The Government has circulated a note on internal guidelines that eases the process of allowing companies to stop manufacturing scheduled formulations.
Unhappy with the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority’s (NPPA’s) constant review and increasing the number of drugs under the essential medicines list, pharma companies have been wanting to stop manufacturing such formulations.
The drugs under price control are meant for treating diseases such as tuberculosis, infections, heart diseases and epilepsy.
The exit option was available earlier too, but the companies had to inform the Government and file an application six months in advance. Under the fresh guidelines issued by the NPPA, companies will be allowed to discontinue manufacturing these medicines with a no-objection certificate from the NPPA, without any regulatory delays.
Now, the Government has decided to immediately allow a company to stop producing a drug, where it has less than one per cent market share and where more than 10 companies manufacture the drug.
Depending on the market share of the company applying for discontinuation of a drug and the number of players manufacturing the medicine, a no-objection certificate would be given by NPPA with stipulations, such as immediate discontinuation and supplying for six to 12 months since application is filed.
However, where there are fewer than five companies manufacturing a drug and the company holds more than five per cent market share (of the drug), the authority would need to grant approval before “no objection” is granted.
A Lupin spokesperson said that on first look, the move by the Government appeared to be good for the industry.
Registration process
Further, the Authority has also sent a notice to all drug makers to register with the Integrated Pharmaceutical Database Management System, under which they have to furnish reports on production, import, sale and price to retailer (pre-revised and revised) in respect of scheduled formulations and price list for both scheduled and non-scheduled formulations.
The Government needs this data to fix prices and monitor production and availability of scheduled formulations.
These guidelines will come as a respite for the manufacturers who, under the aegis of their association, had approached the Delhi High Court seeking intervention on the random decisions being taken by the NPPA on pricing. The companies stated that this (control price) would make production of essential medicines unviable in the country and compelled them to consider exiting.
The Government, under the Drugs (Price Control) Order, can fix the prices of scheduled formulations, which are used to manufacture medicines under the Essential Medicines List.
The controlled regime, under which more than 348 bulk drugs come under price control, has resulted in a legal battle between the Government and the pharma industry. This prompted the Delhi High Court to ask the Government and the pharma industry to resolve the issue, on Thursday.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

US kids ODing on saltTweet
Risk of developing high blood pressure and heart disease high
More than 90 per cent of children in the US in the 6-18 age group consume more sodium than recommended. And this puts them at risk for developing high blood pressure and heart disease later in life, according to a Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Vital Signs report.
Using data from CDC’s 2009-2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, CDC researchers determined that about 43 per cent of sodium consumed by children comes from the 10 food items they eat most often: pizza, bread and rolls, cold cuts/cured meats, savory snacks, sandwiches, cheese, chicken patties/nuggets/tenders, pasta mixed dishes, Mexican mixed dishes and soups.
“Too many children are consuming way too much sodium, and the result will be risks of high blood pressure and heart disease in the future,” said CDC Director Tom Frieden. “Most sodium is from processed and restaurant food, not the salt shaker. Reducing sodium intake will help our children avoid tragic and expensive health problems,” he added.
Source of sodium
The report further added that most sodium is already in food before it is purchased or ordered.  
Approximately 65 per cent comes from store foods, 13 per cent from fast food and pizza restaurant foods, and 9 per cent from school cafeteria foods. To help reduce the daily sodium intake of children, parents and caregivers, schools, communities, and places that sell, make or serve food, have been encouraged to take steps to ensure more low-sodium options. For example, parents can inculcate healthy eating habits in their children by providing a diet high in fruits and vegetables without added sodium, a CDC note said.
Source: CDC
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

SAP in $ 7.3 b deal to buy ConcurUpdated: September 19, 2014 23:54 IST
SAP in $ 7.3 b deal to buy Concur
Reuters
computing and information technology
Germany’s SAP has agreed to buy U.S. expenses software maker Concur for $7.3 billion in cash, strengthening its position in cloud computing but sending its shares down almost 3 percent on concern over the price.
SAP has been slow to embrace cloud computing, which allows businesses to cut costs by ditching bulky servers for network-based systems, but the Concur deal announced late on Thursday accelerates its growth in the cloud while protecting its position in travel and expenses management.
The German business software company said it would offer $129 per share for Concur, a 20 per cent premium over the September 17 closing price and just short of the $130.36 record high Concur shares set in January after a two-year upward run.
That is equal to the 20 per cent premium SAP paid for its 2012 acquisition of cloud procurement software maker Ariba, and comparable with the 18 per cent and 19 per cent arch-rival Oracle paid for Taleo in 2012 and RightNow in 2011.
SAP, which competes in cloud computing with global rivals including Oracle, IBM and Salesforce, will finance the Concur acquisition through a credit facility agreement of up to 7 billion euro ($9 billion).
The company had seen the cloud phenomenon as threatening its core business model, but it began a series of acquisitions with the $3.4 billion purchase of SuccessFactors in 2011 after Oracle embarked on its own belated cloud-buying spree.
With the acquisition of Concur, SAP will increase its cloud users to 50 million from 38 million.
“We have something big here, guys,” SAP Chief Executive Bill McDermott told analysts and reporters on a conference call.

Hirotec invests Rs.40 crore in CoimbatoreUpdated: September 19, 2014 23:51 IST
Hirotec invests Rs.40 crore in Coimbatore
M. Soundariya Preetha
automobile
The Hirotec Group has invested Rs.40 crore in a new, integrated design and manufacturing facility here. The Japan-based group makes car doors and exhaust systems.
The Indian facility is into automotive hemming systems, and closure (doors, hood and decklid) assembly lines for passenger car manufacturing. Takahiro Hayama, Director and President of Hirotec India, said that the plant, with a built-up area of 7,200 sq. m., had come up on seven acres at Keeranatham here. “We see good growth potential in India in the long-term,” he said. The company had already invested Rs.25 crore in India, and further investment during the next one or two years would depend on the growth of business. It has over 250 employees now, and has the capacity to expand further. Its vendor base in Coimbatore had expanded in the last one-and-a-half years with more than 250 now, he said. According to Katsutoshi Uno, chairman and chief executive officer of Hirotec America, the move to expand the facilities in India was to meet the increasing demand for hemming and assembly fixture solutions of the group.
Hirotec started India operations in 2005 as a joint venture with Coimbatore-based KG Group. It became a 100 per cent subsidiary of Hirotec in 2010. The company was functioning from different locations here, and these would move into the new integrated plant now.

Now is the time to refurbish the British stateWe have won a reprieve – we should use it to refurbish the British state
By Philip Stephens
The danger is that politicians in Westminster return to business as usual ahead of next year’s election
©Jonathan McHugh
Think of it as a reprieve. Scotland has reaffirmed its Britishness. Politicians and business leaders, friends and allies, have thanked the Scots for their wisdom. Alex Salmond , Scottish National party leader, has announced he will resign as first minister; David Cameron remains safe, for now, in Downing Street. This vote for the union, though, was strictly conditional. Its meaning will endure only if it produces a fresh political settlement that recasts the contours of the British state.
Britain has spent the past half-century worrying about its relative decline in the world. Each new prime minister grapples with the question posed by former American statesman Dean Acheson in a wounding aside about Britain’s search for a post-imperial role.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
Events in Scotland these past few years have been a wake-up call. Britain’s prestige and influence, and its capacity to pursue its interests abroad, cannot be separated from the way it governs itself. Nothing, after all, would diminish Britain more than its break-up.
Edinburgh in recent days has been filled to the brim with foreign journalists: American and Japanese, Slovakian and Czech, Spanish and Indian. North Korea has shown an interest. A Scottish politician told me that Barack Obama has sent operatives from the CIA. I am not sure he was joking. Only China stayed away – obsessed as it is by the threat from its own secessionists. A Chinese friend said the referendum had been hardly reported in the domestic media. Out of sight, out of mind.
The journalists were there to witness what might have been an act of wanton self-destruction that would have given Acheson his answer: a broken Britain no longer had a role. As it was, 55 per cent backed the union against the 45 per cent who wanted Scotland to go it alone.
So the palpable relief on the morning after was not hard to explain. Of course, those who had campaigned for independence were disappointed, deeply so. Yet even among these Yes voters you find some who admit it would have been a dangerous leap into the dark.
Scotland has been spared the political upheaval and economic recession that would surely have followed an unprepared lurch to independence. On the very eve of the vote the SNP could still not answer the most basic of questions about the economic management, security and foreign policy of the new state.
Britain has held on to its most precious commodity, Britishness – an inclusive identity that had united four proud nations in shared endeavour. The secessionists demanded that voters choose between their British and Scottish identities. A majority decided that they would prefer to keep both.
There were moments during the campaign when it seemed it might be otherwise. The darkest came only two weeks ago when the polls showed the Yes camp pulling ahead. One senior No figure recalls that it felt for a time as if Scotland had fallen into a fever. People stopped listening to rational argument, preferring the raw emotional pull of nationalism. Such is the force of populist politics grounded in identity and grievance.
The UK has spent the past half-century and more worrying about its relative decline in the world
Perhaps, though, Mr Salmond overplayed his hand. The ugly tactics of abuse and intimidation deployed by a sizeable minority of separatists – unionists were labelled traitors and worse – may have worked against them. It looks as if the absence of No posters in sitting room windows understated the grit of those backing Scotland’s place in the UK.
The rest of Britain – and England, above all – has been spared the profound shock and humiliation that would have greeted the loss of 30 per cent of the UK’s land mass and nearly 10 per cent of its population. The impact would have been psychological as well as political and economic. “What are we to think,” one US official remarked before the votes were counted, “of an ally that cannot even keep itself together?”
The powerful interventions of Gordon Brown , a Scot and Mr Cameron’s predecessor as UK prime minister, were a reminder that the history, institutions and culture have never been the sole property of the English. The Enlightenment was led by Scots. What was it George Bernard Shaw said? “God help England if she had no Scots to think for her.”
So what of the political refurbishment now required to return this 307-year-old enterprise to health? Wisdom begins with a recognition that the independence campaign harnessed an impulse reaching beyond any loathing for Westminster or Braveheart romanticism. The demand for closer, more accountable government spanned the Yes-No divide. This is ground being tilled by populist movements across Europe.
In the end, the unionists won by promising that Scotland could have both: a stronger parliament at Holyrood equipped with the vital powers to tax and spend alongside the solidarity and security afforded by its Britishness.
And why not? The pledges of more devolution made by the politicians at Westminster should now be redeemed with enthusiasm rather than with the resentment that has crept into the discourse of English Tories. Devolution in Scotland makes the case for more democracy in England. Wales, too, has need of more self-rule. The mistake would be to see constitutional fiddling as a substitute for the remedies needed to answer popular disenchantment.
We now need a disavowal of the mindset that has created a centralised, Napoleonic state
Mr Cameron is right to say a more powerful Holyrood will require adjustment in the way Westminster MPs vote on Westminster legislation. England has its own narrow nationalists in the guise of the United Kingdom Independence party. Mr Salmond has channelled Scottish disenchantment towards Westminster; Nigel Farage, the UKip leader, finds his enemy in Brussels but he will doubtless seek to exploit Tory divisions about the terms of Scottish devolution.
Scotland’s decision must be a catalyst for a shake-up in the governance of Britain that reaches well beyond the details of the division of power between London and Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast. What is needed is a fundamental disavowal of the mindset that has created a centralised, Napoleonic state unique among modern European democracies.
This is the suffocating state that allows a third-rate minister in London to tell politicians running great English cities such as Birmingham, Newcastle and Manchester not just precisely how much money they can spend but – and I am not exaggerating – how often to collect household garbage.
Britain does not fit any classic template for federal government. England is too preponderant to allow for a neat reallocation of authority among nations and regions. It will have to live with such awkwardnesses but they are trivial against the iron grip of a Treasury in London determined to smother local democracy by setting Liverpool’s budget for paper clips.
Mr Cameron says he wants a revival of local democracy. Much more important than an arid debate about who votes when at Westminster would be the restoration to the cities, towns and shires of England of the control over local revenues and spending that was taken from them when Margaret Thatcher introduced her madcap poll tax. At a stroke that would do more to re-engage English voters than any manner of schemes for regional assemblies or development agencies. Let cities flourish by making their own decisions, and democracy will flourish within them.
There were other lessons to be drawn from the referendum. To watch the nastier side of Mr Salmond’s campaign was to be reminded just how thin the line can be between the democracy of the plebiscite and mob rule. There is a reason for preferring representative democracy.
Then there is Mr Cameron’s promised referendum on British membership of the EU. If it happens, and the prospect seems more reckless as every week passes, it will provide another festival for populism and prejudice. No one could be sure of the outcome.
What worries me is that memories of what has happened in Scotland will quickly fade; that politicians at Westminster, jostling for position ahead of next year’s general election, will return to business as usual. And next time Britons may well wake up to find there is no longer a Britain in which to live.

Column: Powered by gasE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Curbing tax terrorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

As it happened: Alibabas blockbuster IPORemember me on this computer
Sign in

Scotland  Independence  and the Reverse TinkerbellBy David Post September 19
Ten years or so ago I coined a phrase (with the help of some VC readers) for a rather odd phenomenon:  the Reverse Tinkerbell.  A Tinkerbell occurs when something is more likely to occur simply as a function of the more people who believe that it will occur – named, of course, for that moment in Peter Pan when Peter urges the audience to believe in Tinkerbell’s survival.  A Reverse Tinkerbell is the opposite – something that is less likely to be true as more people believe it to be true.
I think the Scottish vote on independence falls into the latter category.  I don’t know about you, but when I heard a couple of weeks ago that the polls were close and that it looked like Scotland might break away from Great Britain, I was pretty certain at that moment that it wouldn’t happen (and, putting my money where my mouth is, I put $20 on a victory for “NO” at my favorite Internet betting site …).  Once it became clear that a lot of people believed that there might be a breakaway, it seems to have galvanized the “No” supporters and insured a defeat for the independence movement.  If nobody had really believed that the breakaway could succeed, it very well might have.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

PURSUIT OF EXCELLANCE16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

NASAs Mars spacecraft to begin orbit of Red PlanetNASA’s Mars spacecraft to begin orbit of Red Planet
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 21:  
A NASA spacecraft that aims to study the upper atmosphere of Mars and reveal how its climate changed over time is poised to begin orbiting the Red Planet today.
After a 10-month journey, the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) probe is making its final approach to Mars and will begin circling Earth’s neighbour after 9:30 pm today (0130 GMT Monday).
MAVEN’s findings are expected to help pave the way for a future visit by humans to Mars, perhaps as early as 2030.
MAVEN, an unmanned spacecraft, has travelled 711 million kilometres since it launched late last year.
NASA television coverage of the orbital insertion begins at 9:30 pm (0130 GMT). The process will start with the brief firing of six small thruster engines to steady the spacecraft, NASA said.
“The engines will ignite and burn for 33 minutes to slow the craft, allowing it to be pulled into an elliptical orbit with a period of 35 hours,” the US space agency said.
Once MAVEN begins circling Mars, it will enter a six—week phase for tests.
Then, it begins a one-year mission of studying the gases in Mars’ upper atmosphere and how it interacts with the sun and solar wind.
Much of MAVEN’s year-long mission will be spent circling the planet 3,730 miles above the surface.
However, it will execute five deep dips to a distance of just 78 miles above the Martian landscape to get readings of the atmosphere at various levels.
“The MAVEN science mission focuses on answering questions about what happened to the water and carbon dioxide present in the Mars system several billion years ago,” said Bruce Jakosky, MAVEN principal investigator from Colorado University—Boulder’s Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics.
“These are important questions for understanding the history of Mars, its climate and its potential to support at least microbial life.”
NASA has sent several rovers and probes to Mars in recent years. The latest robotic vehicle, Curiosity, is exploring Gale Crater and Mount Sharp, looking for interesting rocks and returning data on whether the Martian environment shows evidence of a past ability to support life.
Scientists are trying to understand if life ever evolved on the Red Planet, and what happened to transform Mars into a dry, barren planet. A human mission to Mars could happen by the 2030s, according to NASA.
A trip there would take astronauts farther than they have ever ventured before, and it remains unclear if those first pioneers would be able to return to Earth.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

You can order food on train via SMS from Sept 25You can order food on train via SMS from Sept 25
PTI
The Railways has stepped up efforts to improve catering services on trains.
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Soon you can order meals of your taste through SMS while travelling on a train as Railways is launching a mobile phone-based service in a move to offer multiple catering options to passengers.
The SMS-based service, part of the e-catering service, will be launched on September 25 in a few trains on a pilot basis, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
IRCTC, which is coordinating the e-catering service, is finalising a new designated number to be used for SMS service for ordering food on a train.
Plagued with complaints, the Railways has stepped up efforts to improve catering services on trains.
“Our aim is to provide multiple choices to passengers.
While the existing service of getting food from pantry cars will continue, the SMS-based service is also being offered to passengers,” the official said.
According to the plan, a passenger will get response from a dedicated team after sending the SMS mentioning his PNR number.
“The passenger will get call after the due online verification of the PNR status and berth position in the particular train seeking details of food order. Payments will be made after the delivery,” he said.
While SMS-based service is being launched, the Railways is also finalising a plan to start online order system where a passenger can also book his food online.
Arrangements have been made with some reputed food chains and eating joints for providing food through SMS-based orders on trains, the official said, adding “the online order system will also be launched shortly“.
Recently, Railways had started providing ready-to-eat packaged food in certain trains on a trial basis offering variety of choices to passengers.
The ready-to-eat food service got a good response and now we are planning to formulate a policy on it by roping in more players, the official said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Portable PF A/c number to be launched on Oct 16Portable PF A/c number to be launched on Oct 16
PTI
The universal number will be portable throughout the working career of members and can be used anywhere in India.
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
Retirement fund manager EPFO’s ambitious project to provide portable universal PF account numbers to its subscribers will be launched on October 16.
Besides, the Government will launch unified web portal LIN (Labour Identification Number) for simplifying business regulations and bringing in transparency and accountability in labour inspections by various agencies and bodies under the administrative control of Labour Ministry.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to launch both LIN web portal and UAN on October 16 as per the Plan chalked out by the Labour Ministry.
“Labour Secretary had called a meeting for the launch of UAN and LIN yesterday. The ministry has planned to launch both LIN portal and UAN on October 16,” a senior official said.
According to him, the Prime Minister will be invited to launch the LIN portal and UAN in the presence of Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar and other top brass of the Labour Ministry.
UAN will give the facility of collation of accounts, viewing of updated accounts as well as downloading the same and collation of pensionable service.
The universal number will be portable throughout the working career of members and can be used anywhere in India.
Thus, workers in organised sector would not need to apply for transfer of PF account claim on changing jobs.
At present, EPFO has already captured bank account details in respect of 1.80 crore employees, PAN details in respect of 86.9 lakh employees and Aadhar number in respect of 28.2 lakh employees.
The EPFO is in the process of making UAN operational for its 4.17 crore contributing subscribers by October 15.
The body had started the process of seeding the 4.17 crore UANs with subscribers bank account numbers, PAN, Aadhaar and other Know—your—Customers (KYC) details to improve the delivery of its services in July this year.
The unified LIN web portal will operate through a unique LIN (Shram Pehchan Sankhya) for each employer.
The employers will be allotted LIN after registration on web portal. The enforcement agency will upload the data of inspection on the web portal which will be updated periodically.
This web portal will provide for filing of single harmonised annual returns by the employers.
This portal will provide for online reporting of harmonised inspection report by labour inspectors and inspecting officers of other bodies like EPFO administered by Labour Ministry. It will also provide for online grievance redressal system.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

FinMin asks PSU banks  insurers not to give gifts to officialsFinMin asks PSU banks, insurers not to give gifts to officials
PTI
No freebies: The advisory comes in the backdrop of austerity being observed by the new government.
New Delhi, Sept 21:  
There will be no Diwali gifts for officials as the Finance Ministry has advised public sector banks and insurance companies to refrain from doling out freebies.
“We have issued an advisory to heads of the banks and similar advisory has been issued to insurance companies as well,” sources said.
The advisory comes in the backdrop of austerity being observed by the new government.
It had been a usual practice for PSU banks and insurance companies to give expensive gifts during the festive season to officials as part of their PR exercise.
According to a senior state-owned bank official: “Giving gift is a normal practice. It is not only given by us but corporates in a big way.”
Taking exception to such practices, the Modi government is reportedly against freebies.
It is also rumoured that a minister was pulled up by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for distributing gifts.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

NASA s Maven Explorer Arriving at Mars After YearAll he does his score goals. Soccer superstar Lionel Messi broke the all-time La Liga goal-scoring record Saturday,...
2
All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

CERC asks JP Power to expedite Karcham Wangtoo tariff petitionCERC asks JP Power to expedite Karcham Wangtoo tariff petition
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 21, 2014 01:16 PM IST
Electricity regulator CERC has asked Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd to expedite filing of tariff petition for 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydel project.
The direction from the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) came after the utility sought withdrawal of provisional tariff petition related to the plant.
This is one of the three hydropower projects being sold by Jaypee group to Reliance Power in a Rs 12,000-crore deal and regulatory uncertainties around tariff issues of this plant have been threatening to delay the transaction.
JPVL has informed the regulator that an interim arrangement for payments for electricity supplied from Karcham Wangtoo has enabled it to meet immediate financial obligations, according to the Record of Proceedings (RoP) available with the CERC.
Against this backdrop, JPVL has filed for withdrawal of earlier application where it had sought grant of provisional tariff for this project.
As per the RoP dated September 16, the Commission has directed the company to "expedite filing of the tariff petition for the period 2014-19... In order to determine the tariff of the generating station for the period 2014-19".
Besides, the watchdog has asked for submission of agreement for an interim arrangement for payment of amounts to the petitioner against the power supply with effect from April 1, 2014.
The matter would be next heard on September 30.

Round 2 in Android One war: New phones may hit mkt by Dec-endE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

France asks India to finalise missile projec...You are here: Home > Collections > Autonomy
France asks India to finalise joint missile project soon
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 03.40PM IST
Tags:
DRDO
(The French Defence Ministry…)
NEW DELHI: France has asked India for early finalisation of the long-pending Rs 30,000-crore project for joint production of short-range surface-to-air missile (SR-SAM) systems.
In a letter, the French Defence Ministry has told its Indian counterpart that "it will carry out substantial transfer of technology and know-how, especially in the field of missile guidance".
The French side has proposed that the project "would enable India to get in a few years in areas of strategic missile, the maximum autonomy you have called for".
SR-SAM is proposed to be a joint venture between India and France and they have nominated the DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organisation) and a French multinational firm for the programme.
The deal has been under negotiations for over five years and has been awaiting final clearance after French President Francois Hollande and then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2013 announced that talks have been concluded between both the sides on the missile development project.
The IAF had raised certain objections over the programme but the Defence Ministry has to take a final call on the programme after holding discussions with all stakeholders.
The French Defence Ministry said it wants to actively participate in new Indian government's plans to achieve autonomy in field of military hardware production.
It has said that the missile programme would help in meeting India's domestic market and can also be supplied to future export markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crisis over seat-sharing looms as BJP hits back at Shiv Sena s  last effort  to save allianceComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra on Monday rejected ally Shiv Sena's 'final' offer of 119 seats, thus worsening the crisis in the saffron alliance.
BJP president Amit Shah called up Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and urged him not to break the 25-year old alliance, TV reports said. Shah also requested the Sena to rethink on seat sharing for the 288-member assembly polls.
This comes amid indications that the BJP  is readying a Plan B with state leaders telling Prime Minister Narendra Modi that they would rather go it alone than accept this.
Modi is now expected to attempt a reconciliation. In New Delhi, the BJP’s top brass took stock of the seat sharing talks, but kept its cards close to its chest.
After a meeting of its parliamentary board, Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah had a separate 10-minute-long meeting. The party remain tight-lipped about it.
The Sena has given the BJP a breather saying it would wait till Monday. The last date for filing nominations is September 27.
“Modi may not immediately sanction an extreme step and could try and convince the Sena chief,” said a BJP leader close to the developments.
For over a fortnight, the saffron combine has been squabbling over the formula for sharing the 288 assembly seats going to polls on October 15.
Earlier in the day, Thackeray speaking at his party’s national executive meeting in Mumbai, told a cheering crowd of Sainiks to prepare to go solo if the talks did not fructify.
In what his partymen saw as his best-ever public speech, Thackeray said his formula  -- of 151 seats for the Sena, 119 for the BJP and 18 for smaller allies --  was his last-ditch effort to save the alliance.
HT Analysis: Uddhav wary of BJP’s Maha ambitions
The BJP responded within the hour. “We fought 119 seats in 2009, even now they are offering us 119. How is this justified,” asked senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse. Talking in New Delhi, he said the two parties should reshuffle the 59 seats the Sena has not won in the past three elections and 19 the BJP had not won and then arrive at a figure.
“Also, these talks cannot take place through television. We need to sit face-to-face,” Khadse added, saying the BJP was still open to talks, putting the ball back into the Sena’s court. BJP insiders said the party had readied a list of 130 candidates and was waiting for word from the top leaders to release it.
In his speech, Thackeray criticised the present batch of BJP leaders reminding them of how the alliance, formed by LK Advani, Atal Behari Vajpayee, and Pramod Mahajan with the late Bal Thackeray, came together not for power but for Hindutva.
“We had differences of opinion with Mahajan and [Gopinath] Munde too. But our relationship never got strained like it has happened now. We both knew how much to stretch,” he said. He reminded Modi that the Shiv Sena stood by him during the riots in Gujarat.
He also warned the BJP against creating hurdles when a golden opportunity to win the state elections has arisen, just as they kept to the alliance dharma during the Lok Sabha polls.
The Sena chief did not hide his chief ministerial ambitions either. “If you are looking down on the Shiv Sena, then our sainiks are ready to fight back. Get ready to face consequences…. I promise to capture power in Maharashtra at any cost,” Thackeray said.
The state BJP  is bent on teaching the Sena a lesson, but the party’s central leadership thinks a break-up could mar the BJP’s credibility among other allies.
“Any decision needs to be taken with some solid foresight. No doubt that the Sena has us in a catch-22 position, but then we need to find a solution that will go a long away,” said a BJP leader.
While a decision to split has not yet been finalised, the break-up of this long-time friendship is sure to change the political map of Maharashtra for years to come.

Rajan frowns on subsidising foreign education loansRajan frowns on subsidising foreign education loans
PTI
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Mumbai, Sept 21:  
Calling for a re-think on easy credit, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said banks are actually subsidising student education loans for overseas studies under the priority sector lending segment.
“We actually subsidise, in the priority sector, student loans to study abroad. Are students studying abroad the most needy in the country or is it the most important?” Rajan said in an address to bankers at an industry summit here last week.
“This is something people have got used to. I am not saying it is bad, but it is something you should ask questions about. We have to keep asking ourselves, why should some sectors get more easy credit than others,” he said.
Under priority sector lending norms, banks are mandated to lend up to 40 per cent of their overall credit to marginalised sectors like agriculture, housing, small businesses and education.
Banks lend to such identified sectors as per their base rates and the shortfalls of the targets have to go to the low-yielding Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF).
Most banks, especially in the private sector and overseas banks generally fail to meet these targets. Even some state-run banks fail to meet this target due to lower number of branches.
Under the present norm, a loan of under Rs 20 lakh taken by an individual for studying abroad qualifies as priority sector lending.
As on September 15, the outstanding education credit, including for loans to study within the country and abroad, stood at Rs 5,79,02 crore, according to RBI data.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

How Lost changed the way the world watches TVGlass
September 21, 2014
Mr. Eko, the Nigerian drug lord turned priest, would say that the story of Lost’s creation was not coincidence, but fate .
Hatched as a half-baked kernel of an idea by an ABC executive on his way out the door, the show became a gargantuan worldwide success just a few months later. The timing was fortuitous. Lost debuted just as social media was entering adulthood, and the show became the quintessential 21st century viewing experience. The “perfect storm of Lost,” as TV critic Alan Sepinwall puts it in his book The Revolution Was Televised , began on September 22, 2004. Ten years later, it really does seem like fate.
When Lost began, Facebook was in its infancy and Twitter was still two years away. But it was clear the current was changing. Lost fans had multiple ways to discuss the show: a barrage of forums and fan sites, its own rabidly detailed wiki Lostpedia , and a host of IRC channels in which fans would congregate on episode nights to discuss the show in real-time.
Fans also had many different ways to watch the show itself: live TV (the preferred option for those who wished to avoid spoilers), DVRs, DVDs, ABC.com (which, in 2007, started making episodes available for free the day after they aired), and Hulu. Hardware was changing, too: High-definition televisions  increased in popularity while Lost was on the air. The sharp picture quality was perfect for taking advantage of the enchanting optics produced by the Hawaiian locales where the show exclusively filmed.
For a show about people stranded on an island, it sure managed to visit tons of countries (via flashbacks and, later, flash-forwards). The main cast featured an Australian, a Korean couple, a former Iraqi soldier, and two Brits (one English and one Scottish), as well as a throng of minor characters from other places like Brazil, Japan, and the Canary Islands. And many of its American characters, like everyman Hurley, were bilingual. The survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 were, by all accounts, what you might actually find on a trans-Pacific flight from Sydney to Los Angeles.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Perhaps as a result, Lost attracted a truly global fan base. The $14 million pilot attracted 18.6 million viewers in the US and 6.75 million when it debuted in the UK in 2005. In 2006, it was named the second most popular show in the world , after the CBS powerhouse CSI: Miami.
The show’s complex plot and cavernous mythology made it ideal for those fans from all over the world to investigate together and write about on the internet. In the Lost chapter of The Revolution Was Televised, Sepinwall writes that the show “didn’t invent internet discussion of TV shows…but it may have perfected the art.” Lost not only encouraged recapping, reviewing, and theorizing—it required it. Everything that came after an episode aired—the numerous crackpot fan theories , the Easter egg hunting, the frame-by-frame analysis of crucial scenes, the alternative reality games —were every bit as crucial to the Lost experience as watching the show was. “There was this unforeseen confluence of events where we were making a show that was perfect for discussion and debate, just at the moment where the internet was evolving into a place where people were forming communities where they could have those discussions and debates,” Carlton Cuse, one half of the Lost showrunning duo, told Sepinwall.
Another way fans interacted with the show were podcasts, like the popular Lost Podcast with Jay and Jack , which created mini celebrities out of the father-son duo within the Lost community. But the majority of discussion took place on forums, and each one was its own unique community within the larger ecosystem of the show. DarkUFO was known for posting scoops and spoilers and hosting an IRC channel. Lostpedia, of course, operated the Lost wikipedia, but also had its own IRC channel (though that eventually folded into the DarkUFO IRC channel, due to some Lost online community drama—yes, that existed). And then there was The Fuselage, a message board sponsored by J.J. Abrams himself, which frequently held Q&As with the cast and crew. It was an extremely direct line of communication between the stars and their fans. In that sense, it was Twitter before Twitter.
Tap image to zoom
The cast and crew of ‘Lost’ accepts the Emmy Award for Best Outstanding Drama in 2005.(Reuters/Robert Galbraith)
Most of these communities were fan-driven, but many journalists (Sepinwall included) helped lend an air of legitimacy to the eccentricities of the average Lost fan. Chief among these writers was Jeff “Doc” Jensen, a writer for Entertainment Weekly whose zany, masterfully-constructed recaps were required weekly reading for Losties. As talented a writer Jensen was, he was a Lost fanatic at heart, which made him no different than the people reading his columns. Never before Lost were TV recappers such an integral part of the experience of the show they wrote about—and probably not since, either. The merits of TV recapping have been debated ceaselessly by writers in recent years, but there’s no debating that recaps and Lost were a match made in heaven.
Sure, there were downsides to the experience of the show pervading all corners of the internet. First, people were getting spoiled. Unless you watched the episode live as it aired, it was next to impossible to stay spoiler-free lest you avoid the internet altogether. Lost didn’t end when an episode cut to black—in fact, it never really ended. It was an open-ended question, a math problem with no solution. It was a constant . There was no way to watch the show and not be a part of that global community, whether wittingly or not.
Social media gave a powerful voice to Lost‘s critics, and the people making the show heard them. Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse made themselves absurdly accessible to fans, hosting weekly (hilarious) podcasts, attending Comic-Con with the cast every year, and agreeing to countless interviews with reporters. For better or worse, Lost made both of them famous. Fans needed answers, they needed reassurance that the show had a plan, so “Darlton” (as they’d become colloquially known) hoped their presence online would assuage skeptics’ fears. It worked while the show was on the air, but now that it’s over, it’s left the duo—mostly Lindelof—as the punching bag for angry ex-fans who thought the ending cheated them out of six years of their lives.
Normally, that would be an odd argument. But Lost, more than any other show before or since, was a vast emotional and intellectual investment. People actually put their lives into it. People were hurt when the ending didn’t live up to their impossible expectations. (I am not one of them: I thought the ending was good, not great, but what mattered more to me was the six years of captivating storytelling.) A vocal minority of Lost fans thought that the ending ruined the show completely, and they made sure Lindelof, who was very active on Twitter, knew about their disdain. Lindelof shook off the backlash for awhile, but eventually quit Twitter  because of it.
Tap image to zoom
Locke’s lectures about destiny and fate were fitting metaphors for the show’s very existence.(ABC)
It’s unfortunate that the improbable story of Lost had to end that way. But you could feel it coming. For me, it was somewhere around the middle of season three when I realized that they could not possibly finish this thing without disappointing some people. For as rabid as the fan base was during the show, they would be even more rabid in their anger once it ended. It was doomed to frustrate people from the very beginning. For many, six fun years of theorizing and discussing and podcasting became instantly irrelevant when the show didn’t finish as perfectly as the imaginary ending they had in their heads.
And maybe that will be the ultimate legacy of the show. Maybe, in 30 years, people will think of Lost as that show that was cool for a long time but wound up having a terrible ending. But I won’t. Ten years since the pilot, it’s clear to me that Lost cemented itself in the TV pantheon as the show with the most involving, entertaining, community-like experience. Lost was the show that made you want to feel a part of something, and a lot of that was because of how incredible its timing was during an era of remarkable technological innovation. If it happened a few years earlier, it probably wouldn’t have been nearly as big of a hit.
There were global shows before Lost, and there were community-driven shows before Lost, but there were no shows with truly global communities before Lost. Game of Thrones is doing something similar today, but there really are no apt comparisons. There will never be another Lost. For that reason alone—the ending notwithstanding—it will be remembered.
Share this:

How McKinsey does work-life balanceEasing the consultant life. (Reuters/Vincent Kessler)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 21, 2014
Leading management consultancy McKinsey joined with a number of other prominent companies to announce an effort to improve employee health this week. But McKinsey is unusual because its employees join and leave the firm young. The average age is 35, and over 80% of the staff are under 40.
The firm has much lower rates of chronic conditions like obesity, diabetes, and heart disease than other companies. So its wellness efforts as described in  the report , released by Bipartisan Policy Center’s CEO Council on Health and Innovation, don’t focus on biometric data or fitness, but on the notoriously poor work-life balance of its consultants.
McKinsey charges extraordinary rates and demands a great deal from its employees. They work long hours, and travel constantly. It’s one of the reasons that the company is so young: People tend to burn out and leave for more stable corporate jobs.
The firm isn’t likely to change that entirely, but is attempting to improve the situation, according to the report, which gives a fascinating view into the definition of work-life balance for a firm defined in some ways by its absence.
The company launched in 2012 its “Take Time” policy, which lets consultants take additional unpaid leave of 5 to 10 weeks between projects, used to pursue personal interests and attend to family. They’ve added the ability to take on temporary or permanent part-time roles, where consultants work 60% to 80% of the time in the form of three- or four-day work weeks or consistently longer breaks between projects.
Longer unpaid leaves are available to extend maternity leave or attend to other personal commitments, with benefits for up to six months. And the firm has made it easier to transition from the traditional consultant role to a more stable support role for either a defined period of months or years—or as a wholesale career change.
The company has also made a distinct effort and management changes to make sure teams on actual projects acknowledge personal boundaries and the need for some balance.
Before every client project, teams discuss their family and lifestyle constraints and commitments in the context of the projects (“Team Learning”) and come up with guidelines (“Team Norms”) for how they’ll work to accommodate them. Each team member is responsible for making sure they’re adhered to, and is evaluated on it at the end of the engagement.
In true McKinsey fashion, the organization has attempted to quantify the impact of all of these programs: 13% of consultants take advantage of the flexibility. Since its introduction in 2012, “Take Time” has been the most popular option.
By the standards of companies outside of finance and consulting, those are somewhat meager benefits.. A substantial portion of the uptake is the “Take Time” program, which is the sort of extended leave option that only gets used a few times over the course of an upwardly mobile career, even though it’s technically available yearly .
But it’s an important acknowledgement that home and family life are an part of an employee’s well-being. With the ability to switch tracks and go part time, it’s increasingly possible to have a longer career at the company instead of serving as the newest rotation of temporary elite school talent.
Share this:

Eye on future Modi to meet Hillary and Bill Clinton in New YorkModi to meet Hillary and Bill Clinton in New York
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 21, 2014
First Published: 18:22 IST(21/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:41 IST(22/9/2014)
Comments
Among Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s many meetings during his coming visit to the US, the one with the most profound implications for the future will be with the Clintons.
Modi will meet former president Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state, who is expected to run for the White House in 2016, and win, according to polls.
They are scheduled to meet in New York, where Modi will be from September 26 to 29 for the UN general assembly. And the Clintons live in Chappaqua, near New York city.
No other details were available of the meeting except, according to multiple sources in New York and New Delhi, that the prime ministe will receive the couple in his hotel.
From all accounts, Modi has never met either of the Clintons before, despite the fact that they travel to India frequently — Hillary Clinton was there just this past July.
So was the former president, separately, in connection with a project run by his foundation in Jaipur. He has been a regular, since his first visit as president in 2000.
And they have both said they have been impressed by Modi, for their own reasons. The former president, who is something of a policy wonk, liked the prime minister’s economic policies.
And the former secretary of state has said she was impressed — no prizes for guessing — by Modi’s foreign policy savvy in inviting SAARC leaders to his inauguration.
To put their meeting in perspective, Modi doesn’t have any other past presidents on his schedule — and there are three, George H Bush, Jimmy Carter and George W Bush — so far.
But he is certainly meeting another Presidential hopeful, vice president Joe Biden, who is hosting a state lunch for the visiting prime minister in Washington DC.
It couldn’t be confirmed if the prime minister was meeting any of the Republicans contemplating a run for the White House — it’s a crowded and unclear field right now.
In September 2000, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who was in New York for the UN general assembly, spoke with then Republican candidate George W Bush over phone.
The meeting with the Clintons will be special thus.
President Clinton is widely credited with setting the foundation for new relations between the two countries, which were largely on opposite sides during much of the Cold War.
He intervened during the Kargil War by forcing Pakistan to back off, and followed it up with a successful visit to India in 2000, with a rockstar reception in Parliament.
But key to this meeting, said sources, will be Secretary Clinton, who has not announced she is running, but she will most likely, according to her supporters, rivals and most political hacks.
They felt further convinced recently when she and her husband attended a Democratic party event in Iowa, where Barack Obama beat her in the 2008 primaries and turned the race.

Disney eyes bigger picture in BollywoodDisney eyes bigger picture with Bollywood link
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1309d4a-3fc6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP turns down Sena s 151:119 seat sharing formula for Maharashtra pollBJP rejects Sena's offer of 119 seats in Maharashtra
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 22, 2014 12:47 AM IST
There is no end in sight to the deadlock between Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) over the seat-sharing for the election to the 288-member Maharashtra Legislative Assembly slated for October 15. Shiv Sena on Sunday offered a new seat-sharing formula of 151:119, indicating it wanted its 25-year-old alliance with the BJP to continue. According to this formula announced by party chief Uddhav Thackeray here at the state executive meeting, Shiv Sena, which had contested 169 seats in the 2009 polls, will fight 151 seats and leave 18 seats to other allies including the Republican Party of India, Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Rashtriya Samaj Party and Shiv Sangram. It has offered BJP 119 seats, the same quota as in the last Assembly poll.
However, the BJP turned down this formula saying it was quite unhappy. The BJP insisted for another formula whereby Shiv Sena will fight 140 seats, the BJP 130 and 18 seats for the Maha Yuti allies. The BJP reminded Shiv Sena that it was the BJP, which has made sacrifice during the past 25 years in the larger interest of the alliance. The BJP has now left final decision on its alliance with the Shiv Sena on its Central Parliamentary Board.
At stake is the post of the chief minister, which will go to the party with most legislators if the coalition wins.
Thackeray said: “We can give the BJP 119 seats and 18 to other smaller parties. BJP's O P Mathur was trying to negotiate on seats. I reminded them they are not givers but takers on this land. We are making a last attempt to save the alliance. Regardless of whether alliance stays or not, we will fight everywhere. Victory will be ours.”
Thackeray admitted the spat over seat-sharing was ‘unfortunate’. Further, he noted: “There is a tug-of-war in the alliance. What is happening right before elections is unfortunate. Seat distribution is a complicated affair.”
The BJP's leader of opposition in the state Assembly, Eknath Khadse, said: “We are not happy with the offer given to us by the Shiv Sena. It did not compromise on the seats that they gave us. We just want the seats that they never win.”
He further stated the BJP's winning percentage is 65, while it is 45 per cent for Shiv Sena.
Khadse and his counterpart in the state council Vinod Tawde would attend the party's Central Parliamentary Board meeting.
Earlier, Thackeray offered the final seat-sharing formula after the BJP had rejected the Shiv Sena's formula of 155:126 given on Saturday evening.
Thackeray said the seat distribution exercise among the Maha Yuti partners would have completed by now and the poll campaign would have started, but for the dispute over seats. He added the Shiv Sena's list of candidates is ready and it can be announced at any moment. He clarified the party is waiting to resolve the deadlock over seat-sharing arrangement. On the other hand, Khadse insisted that the BJP wants Shiv Sena to discuss the possibility of exchanging 59 seats which Shiv Sena never won since 1990 Assembly polls and 19 seats, which BJP failed to bag.
He argued the Shiv Sena could give some of these seats to the BJP instead of allowing these to add to the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party tally.
Tawde said: “The BJP-Shiv Sena alliance is very old. Seat sharing needs to be such that the Congress-NCP is defeated. Such issues need to be discussed face to face.”
Khadse admitted there been strong pressure from the BJP cadre not to surrender to Shiv Sena, but make all-out efforts to get more seats. ''It is BJP which has made sacrifice during last 25 years in the larger interest of the alliance,'' he noted. 

Make India a leader in silk production: Textile MinisterMake India a leader in silk production: Textile Minister
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 21:  
Textiles Minister Santosh Kumar Gangwar has urged women in sericulture to make India a leader in silk production. Currently, India is the second largest producer of silk in the world. “Through sericulture, you have been able to provide good education to your children and spend the money earned out of it fruitfully for the betterment of your families. You are role models for other farmers,” Gangwar told 54 women achievers, while inaugurating a National Workshop on ‘Empowering Women through Sericulture.’ They were honoured for achieving significant success in production, productivity and adoption of best practices in the field of sericulture. He assured the women that his Ministry would like to take the development process through participative approaches.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Indo-Israeli homeland security meet heldIndo-Israeli homeland security meet held
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, September 21:  
Karnataka Home Minister KJ George inaugurated the Indo-Israeli homeland security meet organised by the Israeli Consulate here on Saturday.
“The country’s biggest challenge is terrorism. Whether it is naxal forces or terror organisations from without, we have become ever vigilant against these murderous threats,” George said on the occasion.
“Our police are in the front line of this struggle. Our enemies have the element of surprise. We have begun to counter this by improving our intelligence with advanced technologies and appropriate training,” he added.
Indo-Israeli Homeland Security meet is precursor to a bigger meet, International Conference on Homeland Security, to be held in Israel from November 9 to12. A delegation of approximately 100 officials and private companies is expected to attend the conference in Israel.
“At the HLS 2014 Israel exhibition segment, you will be able to experience firsthand the entire spectrum of Israeli HLS technologies – from large multinationals to smaller innovative start-ups; but more importantly, you will be able to make valuable contacts for future business,” said Consul General of Israel Menahem Kanafi.
Bangalore Police Commissioner MN Reddi spoke about the current challenges in ensuring security. ”Our police force is tackling issues ranging from women abuse to keeping metro safe from different types of threats and terror attacks,” he said.
“Since the development of cyber space is humongous around the world, we need to keep it safe from various threats,” said partner of Israel’s JVP Cyber Labs Nimrod Kozlovski.
Consul for Trade and Economic Affairs Avi Friedman gave a presentation on business opportunities in the Israeli homeland security sector.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Nabard to highlight co-op role in RuPay implementationNabard to highlight co-op role in RuPay implementation
AJ Vinayak
Both the tiers of cooperative banking retained their identity while implementing RuPay cards
Mangalore, September 21:  
The initiative of South Canara District Central Cooperative (SCDCC) Bank Ltd to make primary agricultural cooperative societies (PACS) as part of the payment system under the RuPay Kisan credit card will be taken as a model by Nabard.
GR Chintala, Chief General Manager of Nabard, Bangalore, told Business Line here on Saturday that the Nabard will issue a circular in this regard in another one-and-half months.
The initiatives of Raigad and Rampur district central cooperative banks in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh, respectively, will also be showcased as models. Highlighting the SCDCC Bank model, he said both the tiers of cooperative banking have retained their identity while implementing RuPay cards.
Here PACS, under SCDCC Bank’s jurisdiction, directly give loans to farmers. For the implementation of RuPay card, these societies open accounts in the books of SCDCC Bank.
Though the accounts are maintained at SCDCC Bank, the funds are routed in such a way that the farmer need not approach the SCDCC Bank branch. He said that the farmer will continue to transact at the micro ATMs at PACS level.
In Raigad, farmers are the members of PACS but they have their loan accounts at the branches of DCCB (district central cooperative bank). All the accounts are transacted through the DCCB in Raigad.
The Raigad model will be suited for those districts where the loans to farmers are extended directly through DCCB branches.
Those districts that follow the practice of extending loans to farmers through PACS can study the SCDCC Bank model.
He said that 167 PACS come under SCDCC Bank. It has jurisdiction over the revenue districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi. The boards of 163 PACS have given their nod for being a part of the implementation of RuPay Kisan credit cards to farmers.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Tough times ahead for Indian textile sectorTough times ahead for Indian textile sector
LN Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, September 21:  
The Indian textile industry is likely to face challenging times in the coming months with China effecting a change in its cotton policy, rising cost of production and net margins rarely crossing 4 per cent, say senior industry officials.
While concerns were expressed about the sustainability of the domestic textile sector, industry sources did not fail to point out that with China – the largest producer, consumer and exporter of cotton – changing its policy on sourcing cotton and yarn, the export of both – the white fibre and yarn to China from India could take a beating this year.
“Uncertainty might prevail till stability comes in Chinese cotton production and consumption pattern. Chinese Cotton Policy brought a sudden downfall in the New York price index and this in turn had a cascading effect on the entire world,” said Matt Earlam of Plexus Cotton.
Meanwhile, the Vice-President of the Northern India Textile Mills’ Association Sanjay K Jain said that cotton exports, which stood at 11 million bales (1 bale equals 356 kg) in the 2013-14 cotton season, could slide to 6-7 million bales in the 2014-15 season due to poor demand from China.
China is currently carrying high cost cotton inventory. It built huge stockpilr after buying the fibre at a reserve price of $1.34 a pound when prices in the global futures market were ruling at over $2. Saddled with high price stock, the country is now planning to reduce the inventory of cotton, besides cutting down yarn production, said Earlam.
Indian cotton prices also are not competitive, quoting higher than global market, he said
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Global firms on strong footing in protecting IP rightsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘Global firms on strong footing in protecting IP rights’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 21:  
Global companies are on a strong footing in protecting intellectual property as compared with domestic players who need to formulate protection strategies to gain competitiveness, according to R Devan, Deputy Controller of Patents and Designs.
According to the Intellectual Property Office (IPO), about 80 per cent of patent applications at the office are filed by global technology companies. In the past decade, the number of applications by foreign applicants has risen by nearly three times to 34,276, he told a seminar on IP Protection and Management Strategies for Electronics and IT sector.
The data shows the top patent filers in the country are Qualcomm, Philips, Sony, Siemens, Ericsson, BASF and Microsoft. All these companies have strong presence in the European and US patent offices, Devan said at the seminar organised by CII in association with Department of Information Technology and Tamil Nadu Technology Development Promotion Center.
Patent filing activities of the top ten filers may correlate to India’s changing economic and industrial interests. India’s emergence as a large market for mobile telephone in 2005 along with its signing up to the Agreement on Trade-related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights has attracted global telecom companies to file large number of patent applications to protect their interests here, he said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Arab nations need to help in Iraq: Martin De...The US ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, said the administration is pleased with its progress in building a coalition.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ZAGREB (CROTIA): The US-led military campaign plan to retake Iraqi territory held by the Islamic State group calls for attacking the extremists from several directions simultaneously, and its success depends on getting more Arab help, the top American military officer said Sunday.
"We want them to wake up every day realizing that they are being squeezed from multiple directions," Army Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters, referring to the Islamic State group, which also is known by the acronyms ISIL and ISIS.
"If we can get ISIL looking in about five different directions, that's the desired end state," he added in an interview with reporters traveling with him to Croatia from Lithuania, where he discussed Iraq and other issues with his NATO counterparts.
Dempsey stressed the importance of gaining more Arab participation in the US-led effort, suggesting that without it the military campaign might not move to its next phase. He called wider Arab participation a prerequisite for President Barack Obama's approval of the military campaign plan. Obama was briefed on the plan last week but has not okayed it.
In an opinion column published Sunday in the Tampa Bay Times, Obama wrote, "This is not and will not be America's fight alone. That's why we continue to build a broad international coalition." He said Arab countries have offered to help but he mentioned none by name and did not describe their specific roles.
The US ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, said the administration is pleased with its progress in building a coalition.
"The commitments are coming in every day," she said on NBC's "Meet the Press." However, she did not name individual Arab countries that have promised to participate in military action in Iraq, saying it was up to them to describe their own roles.
Obama's signature on the military campaign plan for Iraq and Syria operations would move the effort into a new phase, Dempsey said, enabled by a larger number of coalition aircraft that would allow for a more persistent presence over the battlefields of Iraq and improved prospects for rebuilding key elements of the Iraqi army. Dempsey said last week that only about half of Iraqi army brigades, which originally were trained by the US, are suitable partners now for the US. On Sunday he said one of the major problems with the other half is that they have been infiltrated by extremists.
Dempsey focused his comments on military action in Iraq rather than Syria.
"We want to go from being episodic with our offensive operations to sustained," he said, adding that no one should expect a dramatic increase in airstrikes but rather a series of increases calculated to match Iraq's ability to retake territory with its own ground forces. Obama has ruled out US troops fighting another ground war in Iraq.
Obama authorized US airstrikes in Iraq on Aug. 8, and earlier this month he announced Washington would lead an international effort linked to the formation of a more inclusive government in Baghdad. That plan includes the prospect of US airstrikes in neighboring Syria, but Dempsey has said the Pentagon's first priority is pushing the military campaign in Iraq.
A number of Iraq's Arab neighbors, including Jordan and Saudi Arabia, have said they support the US effort but have not publicly committed to taking any offensive role in Iraq. France is the only ally that has joined thus far in airstrikes in Iraq.
Having more Arab countries involved would make the Iraq campaign more sustainable and "more credible that is to say, this is not just about the United States; this is a regional and even an international issue," Dempsey said.
The general said he spoke to his Turkish counterpart during the weekend NATO meeting in Lithuania about Turkey's role in the conflict. He said the allied military chiefs also discussed the prospect of NATO playing a part in training and equipping Iraq security forces, although no decisions were made.
Dempsey said he has no estimate of how many coalition forces he would like to see join with the US in fighting the Islamic State group in Iraq, but he ticked off a list of military capabilities that he hopes can be provided by Arab nations and others. These include intelligence sharing, aerial refueling aircraft, surveillance and reconnaissance planes, precision strike aircraft, and financial assistance for the training and equipping of Iraqi troops as well as the Syrian moderate opposition.
Page 1 of 2

Shuttlers end India s long wait  Jitu leads team to bronzeShuttlers end India s long wait  Jitu leads team to bronze
Need to have faith China would accept global laws  says ModiNeed to have faith China would accept global laws  says Modi
Arab nations need to help in Iraq: Martin DempseyArab nations need to help in Iraq: Martin Dempsey
Jumping the diplomatic gunJumping the diplomatic gun
Non-tariff barriers  a thorn in India-China business tiesNon-tariff barriers, a thorn in India-China business ties
Debabrata Das
Free movement of workers key to success of investment deals
New Delhi, September 21:  
Free movement of human resources and technology are crucial for making the business agreements with China work, say experts.
“Till you don’t allow free movement of human resources and technology no business agreement will work,” said an industry body official adding that, “Security has always been an issue, but it needs to be resolved for business relations between the two countries to really take off.”
Non-tariff barriers are a major issue with China, said another industry official. These are restrictions that arise from measures taken by Government and authorities in the form of laws, regulations, policies, conditions etc.
One of the issues that workers from both the countries face is work permit restrictions, which impacts the free movement of manpower.
Chinese companies such as Huawei and domestic companies such as Reliance Industries have faced problems with the Home Ministry not allowing the influx of Chinese workers.
Though the Indian Government is now keen to resolve such problems critics remain sceptical. The Home Ministry has declared that it will not take more than 12 weeks to give security clearance for any foreign direct investment project in the area of industry and infrastructure, which are forwarded by other ministers.
“This decision is very important especially to woo Chinese investments, as China had been unhappy with the way projects had been stalled in the past because of dilly-dallying by the Home Ministry,” a Commerce Ministry official told BusinessLine.
In fact, recently when the Commerce Minister visited China, the Home Ministry’s views were also taken on board.
Earlier, Chinese firms were not permitted to invest in terminal development at ports or any large rail sector projects, though no official word bars Chinese firms from bidding for such projects.
A few years ago, during the UPA-I regime, Hutchison, a Chinese port developer, had attempted to invest in a port terminal in India but could not.  
More recently, two Chinese firms – CSR and CNR – could not qualify for developing locomotive factories on a joint venture basis with Indian Railways. This was despite experts pointing out that their participation could put pricing pressure on the American and European firms who are in the race. 
With China committing $20 billion of investments in India over the next five years, the ball is now in India’s court to ease hurdles which have prevented Chinese businesses to flourish in India.
(Inputs from Amiti Sen, Mamuni Das, Richa Mishra)
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Only select textile sectors to be linked with rural job schemeOnly select textile sectors to be linked with rural job scheme
Amiti Sen
PMO rules out including entire industry
New Delhi, September 21:  
The Prime Minister’s Office has rejected the Textile Ministry’s request for linking the entire textile sector to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA).
The scheme, however, could be linked to specific sectors within the textile industry such as handicraft and handloom.
“The Rural Development Ministry does not want to tamper with the existing scheme and we have been told that the textile industry, as a whole, cannot be included. But, specific sectors, depending on their vulnerability, will be considered,” a Textile Ministry official told BusinessLine.
“The MGNREGA scheme is already available for the silk cultivation sector,” the official said. The proposal of including the handicraft sector in the scheme, which was also being explored by the earlier UPA regime, is now being followed up by the new Government as well.
Under the MGNREGA scheme, the Government guarantees minimum wages for a minimum 100 days in a year for every household.
Textile Minister Santosh Gangwar had written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi soon after taking charge requesting him to link the entire textile sector, including garments and fibre, to MGNREGA.
The textile industry, especially the garment sector, has been demanding for long that the scheme be available for workers employed by it. Garments producers complain of labour shortage during peak demand season, as many workers prefer to work under the MGNREGA schemes.
But the Rural Development Ministry is of the opinion that many within the textile industry, including garment producers, could afford to offer more than the minimum wages given by the Government to attract labour.
“The Rural Development Ministry feels that only sensitive sectors such as sericulture that need support should be integrated with the scheme,” the official said.
The textile sector is the second largest employment generating sector after agriculture in the country employing about 35 million people.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

LDF to urge Kerala Governor to reject Oommen Chandy govt s tax hike moveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Walmart Allegedly Levied A Nonexistent  Sugar TaxWalmart Allegedly Levied A Nonexistent 'Sugar Tax' On New York Shoppers
Posted:
reddit
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — New York's attorney general has settled a false advertising investigation at Wal-Mart, saying some store personnel were citing a nonexistent "sugar tax" on soda.
The attorney general's office says the retailer launched a national sale in June advertising Coca-Cola 12-packs for $3, but consumers at 117 Wal-Mart stores in New York were routinely charged $3.50.
Investigators say some consumers who complained were falsely told the state has a "sugar tax." They say the markup of more than 16 percent violated state laws.
They say Wal-Mart ran a similar sale in March, and 66,000 12-packs of Coca-Cola have been sold in New York at an inflated price.
The settlement requires Wal-Mart to pay over $66,000 and improve internal reporting.
A company spokesman says they're enhancing procedures to ensure proper promotional pricing.
More:

The Only Problem With America s Growing Single PopulationThe Only Problem With America's Growing Single Population Is Where They're Living
Posted:
reddit
Being single isn’t a big economic drag, as long as you don’t live with your parents.
For the first time since the government started keeping this count in 1976, a majority of adult Americans (50.2 percent) are single, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Economically, this worries some people. Less marriage means less spending, and less spending is bad for a spending-driven economy.
But the current dynamics of age and marriage in the U.S. make this less of a worry. People are getting married older, but because life expectancy has grown so much, “Americans today are actually marrying sooner in their lifetime,” the Census Bureau's Jonathan Vespa wrote. If Americans married at the same point in their expected lifespan now as they did in 1890, Vespa wrote, they would be getting married in their early 40s.
The real worry from an economic perspective is not fewer married people, but fewer new households. Household formation -- establishing a new home with roommates, partners or alone by renting or buying -- has been more or less flatlining for the past three years. This chart tracking the total number of U.S. households from Sober Look is, well, sobering (vertical axis in the thousands):
Also worrying is the fact that the growth rate for household formation relative to previous decades is incredibly low, as this chart from Bank of America shows. The brown line is raw household formation data. The blue line is a more complex measurement that assumes home supply always equals home demand. For our purposes, pay attention to the brown line, and the downward trend of both the brown line and the blue line:
Another cringe-worthy set of stats, from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta : "In 2012, 45 percent of 18- to 30-year-olds lived with older family members, compared to 39 percent in 1990 and 35 percent in 1980. That increase translates to several million more young adults choosing to live with relatives rather than to form a new household."
Household formation is serious economic business. One new household usually adds about $145,000 to the U.S. economy, as the spending on building materials, construction wages and all those trips to Best Buy, Home Depot and Ikea ripple through the economy.
This stream of economic activity has been relatively weak lately, with significant consequences for the U.S. economy. Normally, a recovering housing market leads the way for a broader economic recovery. But with household formations slumping, that hasn’t been the case this time. Housing has bounced back since the recession, but it hasn’t sparked the economy like it used to . Again, the Atlanta Fed has the depressing conclusion: “The decline in household formations is the main reason why the housing industry did not play its traditional role of driving the economic recovery.”
What explains the drop in household formation? For the most part, the millennial trinity of economic despair: not enough jobs, higher housing costs and much more student debt.
The unemployment rate for Americans aged 18 to 29 is about four percentage points higher than the national average of 6.1 percent. Last year, the New York Fed pointed the finger at the poor labor market and rising student debt loads as reasons why young people are buying houses at a lower-than-normal rate.
Buying a house is only one kind of household formation, however. Renting, alone or with roommates, counts too. But here again, student debt pops up. As David Dayen put it in The New Republic, "a struggling student debt holder who can't afford a mortgage -- or find a job -- may also have trouble affording rent or passing a credit check from a landlord."
And if that person has to move in with three roommates instead of one, that pushes down the household formation rate, Dayen pointed out. Sure, one household of four is being formed. But two households of two might have been formed. From a pure economic growth perspective, the latter is better.
More:

Why Dying In America Is Harder Than It Has To BeWhy Dying In America Is Harder Than It Has To Be
Kaiser Health News  | By                                                                Jenny Gold
Posted:
Updated:
09/17/2014  1:59 pm EDT
THE BACHELORETTE - 'Episode 1003' - Tall, good-looking J J joins Andi on an unusual date to discover what it means for 'love to be timeless.' The couple ages 50 years with the help of Hollywood make-up artists and spends the day looking elderly, but remaining young at heart, as they interact with people in the street. Will Andi see her future with this 'old soul?' - on 'The Bachelorette,' SUNDAY, JUNE 1 (8:00-10:01 p.m., ET) on the ABC Television Network. (Photo by David Moir/ABC via Getty Image | David Moir via Getty Images
This article originally appeared on Kaiser Health News.
It is time for conversations about death to become a part of life.
That is one of the themes of a 500-page report, titled "Dying In America," released Tuesday by the Institute of Medicine.
The report suggests that the first end-of-life conversation could coincide with a cherished American milestone: getting a driver's license at 16, the first time a person weighs what it means to be an organ donor. Follow-up conversations with a counselor, nurse or social worker should come at other points early in life, such as turning 18 or getting married. The idea, according to the IOM, is to “help normalize the advance care planning process by starting it early, to identify a health care agent, and to obtain guidance in the event of a rare catastrophic event."
The 21-member IOM committee that authored the report grappled with the fact that most Americans have not documented their wishes for end-of-life care. A national survey in 2013 found that 90 percent of Americans believed it was important to have end-of-life care discussions with their families, yet less than 30 percent had done so. Those who have had the discussions tend to be white, higher-income, over 65, and have one or more chronic condition.
In response to these statistics, the IOM offers a new “life-cycle model of advance care planning” that envisions people having regular planning conversations as part of their primary care, and at the diagnosis of any chronic illnesses or genetic conditions. The conversation would continue at various turning points of a disease, when spiritual counseling might be offered, and then again in the final year of expected life.
The report also found that the American health care system is poorly equipped to care for patients at the end of life.  Despite efforts to improve access to hospice and palliative care over the past decade, the committee identified major gaps, including a shortage of doctors proficient in palliative care, reluctance among providers to have direct and honest conversations about end-of-life issues, and inadequate financial and organizational support for the needs of ailing and dying patients.
Just talking about death and dying can ignite fear and controversy: Five years ago, the health law’s proposal for Medicare to reimburse doctors for counseling patients about living wills and advance directives became a rallying cry for Republican opponents of the law who warned about so-called “death panels.” The reimbursement provision was removed from the Affordable Care Act before it passed.
The IOM argues that the country cannot afford to wait any longer to have a less heated conversation, especially as the number of elderly Americans continues to grow with the aging of the baby boom generation.
“At a time when public leaders hesitate to speak on a subject that is profoundly consequential for the health and well-being of all Americans, it is incumbent on others to examine the facts dispassionately, assess what can be done to make those final days better, and promote a reasoned and respectful public discourse on the subject,” write Dr. Victor Dzau and Dr. Harvey Fineberg, the current and former presidents of the IOM in a forward.
The report also addresses how to make palliative care – care that focuses on quality of life and pain control for people with serious illnesses – more prevalent and available to all patients.
Over the past decade, palliative medicine has become a widespread specialty.  But while 85 percent of hospitals with more than 300 beds now have palliative care services, many patients still may not have access to a specialist, including those who are not hospitalized or who live in rural areas.
To address the shortage, the committee writes, all clinicians regardless of specialty “should be competent in basic palliative care, including communication skills, interprofessional collaboration, and symptom management.” Medical schools are currently required to cover end-of-life care as part of their curriculum, but they offer an average of just 17 hours of training over all four years. And end-of-life care is not one of the crucial 15 topic areas for Step 3 of the medical licensing exams, the final step to becoming a practicing physician.
The committee calls for medical schools, accrediting boards and state regulatory agencies to bolster their end-of-life training and certification requirements.
The IOM is an influential body that is the health arm of the National Academy of Sciences. Its mandate is to provide objective information to advise the public and policy makers. IOM reports are sometimes undertaken at the request of Congress, which can also fund the work. “Dying in America” was funded privately, however, by “a public-spirited donor” who wishes to remain anonymous, according to Dzau and Fineberg.
This article was produced by Kaiser Health News with support from The SCAN Foundation.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Also on HuffPost:

17 Slogans That Frankly Make More Sense Than the Real Oneshonestslogans.com
It's that time of year once again, when women become obsessed with pumpkin spice lattes and men start downing amber ales in front of a campfire. Fall is fast approaching, and what better time than now to share a few more Honest Slogans ? We could all use a little more honesty in our lives, and advertising is no exception. Here is a look at 17 popular products and what people really think of them. Take a look at part 1 , part 2 , part 3 , part 4 and part 5 as well if you'd like. Hope you enjoy!

This Could Be McDonald s Fatal FlawHuge, Terrible Menus Are Hurting McDonald's And Olive Garden
Posted:
Updated:
09/17/2014 10:59 am EDT
A patron looks at the menu at McDonald's in Williamsville, N.Y., Monday, Jan. 26, 2009. As most restaurant companies prepare for what will likely be a dismal fourth-quarter earnings season, the nation's No. 1 hamburger chain reported strong same-store sales in its fourth quarter, helping boost the company's profit past Wall Street's estimates. (AP Photo/David Duprey) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
The days of a restaurant menu that reads more like a chapter book may soon be coming to an end.
As foodie-ism invades American culture, diners are looking for restaurants that excel at one thing instead of offering dozens of mediocre dishes. Fast-casual chains like Chipotle and Shake Shack, which make a small number of items well, are flourishing . Restaurants that have ballooned their menus in recent years, like McDonald’s and Olive Garden , are suffering.
“The thought was if I load up my menu, I’ll drive more people to the doors,” John Chidsey, the former CEO of Burger King, said of restaurants weighing down their menus. “It just got so complicated in the kitchen, and the accuracy and the quality of what got made suffered,” added Chidsey, now executive chairman of Red Book Connect, a technology company that helps restaurants become more efficient.
Restaurants are paring back their menus in response:
The number of items on menus has dropped since reaching a high in 2007, according to Datassential:
The success of these slimmed-down menus encourages new restaurants to limit their offerings to a few things that can be easily customized. In Washington, D.C., for example, there are several independent eateries that can be dubbed "The Chipotle of" Indian, Greek, Korean food and more, The Washington Post reported this week.
Michael Lastoria, the co-owner of &pizza, a restaurant where diners build their own pizzas, scoffed to WaPo that traditional  menus "scream fast food."
The difference in average menu size at new restaurants and established restaurants, according to Datassential:
McDonald’s executives admitted in January that the burger chain’s menu had grown too complex, making it hard to serve food as quickly as people expect. From 2006 to 2013, the chain’s menu mushroomed from 86 to 107 items, according to research firm Datassential.
“We overcomplicated the restaurants,” said Tim Fenton, McDonald’s chief operating officer, on a conference call with analysts in January. “If you remember, we introduced McWraps, we introduced Egg White Delight, we introduced Quarter Pounder Toppers and really didn’t give the restaurants an opportunity to breathe.”
Along with complaints about breadstick temperature and unsalted pasta water, investment firm Starboard Value criticized Olive Garden’s menu strategy in a scathing 294-page presentation last week. Starboard argued that slimming down the menus at chains owned by Darden Restaurants, Olive Garden's parent company, could save $10 million to $15 million a year. Starboard also said the complex menu increased the risk of errors and required too much training for cooks and servers.
Starboard slide on Olive Garden's menu strategy with a customer complaint circled in red:
Darden Restaurants, the parent company of Olive Garden, defended its new menu in a report released Monday , arguing that it offered diners variety, value and convenience.
McDonald's and Olive Garden are examples of how the industry responded to stagnating traffic by trying to offer everything to everyone, said Maeve Webster, a senior director at Datassential.
But complex menus can also scare people away.
“If you’re offering everything, you’re not doing anything specifically well,” said Darren Tristano, executive vice president at Technomic, a food research firm. Tristano compared McDonald’s more than 100 menu items to California-based In-N-Out Burger, where the menu hovers around just 10 items, including drinks.
“You know when you go there you’re getting burger, fries and a drink,” Tristano said. “What a customer wants is to know your story. Why are you in business? What are you known for?”
To be sure, there's one restaurant that’s known for successfully executing a wide variety foods, ranging from Thai lettuce wraps to a macaroni cheeseburger: The Cheesecake Factory. That chain offers extensive training unmatched by competitors, so that anybody who comes to work at the restaurant will be able to make anything on the menu, according to Webster.
“It’s taken a lot of effort in order to be able to pull that off,” Webster said.
But most chains should probably look for other ways to increase variety without adding a million things to the menu, like offering something for a limited time, according to Tristano.
Wendy's Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger was a limited-time offer that was so successful it become permanent.
Counterintuitively, stripping down a menu can give people more choices. Five Guys has only burgers, fries, hot dogs and a few sandwiches on its menu, but diners can customize their order with toppings, like grilled mushrooms and A.1. Sauce. At Chipotle, there are 60,000 ways someone could place an order, even though the chain only sells tacos, burritos, burrito bowls and salads, the company claims.
In fact, customization has become so trendy that McDonald’s may be expanding a test concept for a build-your-own burger joint in an aim to compete with the Chipotles and Five Guys of the world.
“Customization is replacing the need to have so many options on the menu,” Tristano said.
Also on HuffPost:

Here Are The Richest And Poorest Big Cities In AmericaWashington, D.C., rules everything, apparently:
Median income of largest metros was highest in DC ($90,149) & San Francisco ($79,624) #ACSdata http://t.co/hDVZRtagy4 pic.twitter.com/oGLluCKREA
— U.S. Census Bureau (@uscensusbureau) September 18, 2014
These numbers come from new Census Bureau data on income, poverty and health insurance released on Thursday.
More:

How Occupy Wall Street Wonreddit
Three years ago this week , Zuccotti Park in downtown Manhattan went from being a place bored office workers went for a cigarette break to the center of Occupy Wall Street.
Today the protesters are long gone, and the public disgust with the financial system that the movement inspired and embodied has faded. But Occupy's effects live on, in the way we talk and think about the American economy, and in the continued work of a core group of activists.
Occupy gained prominence and a following by focusing its efforts on concrete space, but its most obvious legacies are largely ambient and linguistic: Today, 45 percent of Americans are dissatisfied with their ability to get ahead by working hard . In 2008, just 31 percent felt the same way. The ubiquity of the phrase "99 percent" spiked with Occupy’s protests. And it’s hard to argue that the enduring, derogatory use of “ the 1 percent ” is not the group’s doing.
Introducing Americans to a dramatically different way to talk about inequality is a big achievement. And while much of the change over the past six years in how Americans view the rewards of work is due to the recession (hello, falling household incomes ), giving that shift a way to express itself is impressive.
Where you won’t find Occupy’s legacy is in American attitudes toward banks. Despite its initial aim, Occupy did not spark continued, mass disgust with the financial industry among the U.S. public. A Gallup poll shows that American’s now have net positive view of banks:
Occupy Wall Street may have had a short-term effect: From mid-2011 to mid-2012, Americans' already negative view of banks got marginally worse. The drop was not sustained, and its size was very minor compared to the drop caused by the global financial crisis.
How American’s feel about banks isn’t really even the best way to judge Occupy. Its goals were always both bigger (changing the dialogue about the American economy) and smaller (specific policy proposals and concentrated activism) than just getting people upset at one industry. Occupy could be the rhetoric of the 99 percent and the 1 percent (or 0.1 percent), and it could be Occupy the SEC with a scalpel-sharp 325-page, 301-footnote comment letter on the Volcker Rule.
The wonkier legacy of Occupy can be seen in things like a Senate hearing Wednesday afternoon called “Who is the economy working for? The impact of rising inequality on the American economy.” Or the determined, complex work of Strike the Debt, which just bought and canceled $3.9 million in debt from students of a for-profit college. Since 2012, it has wiped out $15 million in medical debt.
Occupy’s legacy being about something other than the banks may be for better. Popular outrage against the financial system -- as cathartic and necessary as it was -- may have outlived its use a vehicle for change. Credit to Occupy Wall Street for building more durable forms of activism at the height of its popularity. Occupy’s real but limited success shows just how hard a fight they picked.
More:

Pabst Brewing to be soldPabst Brewing to be sold
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company.
Pabst Brewing to be sold to Russian company.
Russia's Oasis Beverages and TSG thirsty for some PBR
Pabst Brewing Co. acquired, set to stay in LA
Pabst Brewing Co. is changing owners for the second time in about four years, as Russia’s Oasis Beverages and TSG Consumer Partners LLC linked up to buy the company behind American brews such as Pabst Blue Ribbon.
8
Pabst, which also sells brands such as Schlitz and Old Milwaukee, will remain based in Los Angeles, where it relocated after its previous sale. Eugene Kashper, chairman of Oasis Beverages, will become Pabst’s CEO, TSG Consumer Partners said late Thursday.
Well, we're all eating Chinese ham and bacon. Might as well drink our Russian beer.
hughjames46
7
Oasis Beverages, which Kashper founded in 2008, will get a majority stake in Pabst, while TSG will take a minority stake.
“Pabst Blue Ribbon is the quintessential American brand — it represents individualism, egalitarianism, and freedom of expression — all the things that make this country great,” Kashper said in a statement. “The opportunity to work with the company’s treasure trove of iconic brands, some of which I started my career selling, is a dream come true.”
Terms of the deal were not disclosed. But a report Thursday by The Wall Street Journal said the deal would value Pabst at $700 million to $750 million, citing people familiar with the matter.
Private equity firm Metropoulos & Co. paid $250 million to buy Pabst from the Kalmanovitz Charitable Foundation in 2010. Brothers Evan and Daren Metropoulos have served as co-CEOs of Pabst, while their father, C. Dean Metropoulos, serves as the company’s chairman.
Oasis Beverages’ Kashper got his start in the beer business in 1994 with Stroh Brewery Co. He went on to manage brewing companies in Eastern European and former Soviet republics, and founded Oasis, an international beer and soft drink company, in 2008. Oasis operates in Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Belarus.
Kashper said the firms plan to "invest meaningfully" in Pabst.
jwohl@tribune.com

These Post-Breakup Craigslist Ads Are The Definition Of Batsh*t Crazyreddit
You can always count on Craigslist for some highly questionable listings. Take, for example, the guy who tried to pawn off some girl he met at Burning Man to any interested party -- or this man and his (free!) human-sized hamster wheel.
Some of our favorite listings have been posted by people looking to sell their exes' stuff. Below, a sampling of the most ridiculous, "Jerry Springer"-esque listings to ever be written by angsty exes on Craigslist.
1. This "plush-ass" Simmons Beautyrest mattress

Nearly 189 000 SUVs At Risk Of Stalling OutChrysler Recalls Almost 189,000 SUVs For Fuel Pump Problem
 | By                                                                By TOM KRISHER
Updated:
11/20/2014  5:59 am EST
Chrysler is recalling SUVs, including Jeeps and Dodge Rams. (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images) | Tim Boyle via Getty Images
reddit
DETROIT (AP) — Chrysler is recalling almost 189,000 Jeep Grand Cherokees and Dodge Durangos in the U.S. to fix a fuel pump problem that can cause the SUVs to stall.
But a safety advocate says the recall doesn't cover enough models, contending the same problem can happen in millions of other Chrysler, Jeep and Ram vehicles.
The recall, posted Saturday by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, covers some 2011 models with 3.6-liter V6 or 5.7-liter V8 engines. Chrysler says a relay can fail, increasing the risk of a crash, although the company said that as of Aug. 25, it wasn't aware of any crashes or injuries.
The company began looking into the problem in October of 2013 and traced it to a spring that can become deformed because of heat.
The vehicles also might not start, and the fuel pump could keep working even when the engine is shut off. The company says that as of Aug. 25 it's not aware of any crashes or injuries from the problem.
The recall covers SUVs built from Jan. 25, 2010 through July 20, 2011, according to the NHTSA documents.
Dealers will replace the fuel pump relay for free starting Oct. 24.
The Center for Auto Safety, a nonprofit advocacy group founded by Ralph Nader, says the recall is inadequate because more than 5 million other Chrysler vehicles have the same fuel pump power control module as the Grand Cherokee and Durango.
"Chrysler should recall them all," Clarence Ditlow, the center's executive director, said Saturday.
Ditlow's group filed a petition last month asking NHTSA to investigate power system failures in Chrysler vehicles that could cause them to stall while being driven.
In the petition, the group contended that an electrical power control module used by Chrysler in millions of vehicles since 2007 can go haywire, causing them to stall in traffic and cut off devices powered by electricity. The allegation covered Ram pickup trucks, Chrysler and Dodge minivans, the Jeep Grand Cherokee, Dodge Durango and Dodge Journey SUVs, the Jeep Wrangler, and other models.
The safety group says it has received over 70 complaints and that the government has received hundreds.
NHTSA has yet to make a decision on whether to investigate the matter. Chrysler said it is investigating consumer complaints and retrieving components from vehicles in the field for a closer analysis. The company says its vehicles meet all federal safety standards.
The center's petition said that Chrysler's "Totally Integrated Power Module," which includes a computer, relays and fuses, distributes electrical power through the entire vehicle. In addition to stalling, the faulty modules have may have caused air bags not to inflate and fuel pumps to keep running, causing unintended acceleration and fires, the petition said.
Ditlow said the company started phasing them out in 2012, but they remain in the 2014 Jeep Wrangler and the Dodge and Chrysler minivans.
NHTSA also is looking into a New Jersey man's petition filed earlier this month alleging that Chrysler minivans can stall unexpectedly after refueling.
Car owners and advocacy groups can petition the NHTSA asking for investigations that sometimes lead to recalls. The Center for Auto Safety has successfully petitioned NHTSA in the past, including one instance that led to the recent recall of 1.56 million older Jeep SUVs with fuel tanks mounted behind the rear axles. The center contended the tanks can leak fuel and cause fires in a crash, while Chrysler maintains the tanks perform as well as comparable models from other automakers.
More:

Climate March Expected To Draw ThousandsTens Of Thousands Crowd New York For Climate March
Reuters  | By                                                                By Barbara Goldberg and Natasja Sheriff
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014  4:59 pm EDT
A climate protester holds up a placard at the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting in Cairns on September 21, 2014.  Finance ministers from G20 nations meet in Cairns this weekend as they grapple with how to achieve a lift in global growth by two percent while being held back by a sickly eurozone recovery.  AFP PHOTO/William WEST        (Photo credit should read WILLIAM WEST/AFP/Getty Images) | WILLIAM WEST via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK, Sept 21 (Reuters) - An international day of action on climate change brought tens of thousands onto the streets of New York on Sunday, with organizers predicting the biggest protest on the issue for five years.
Some 100,000 people, including United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and U.S. senators were expected to join the People's Climate March in midtown Manhattan, ahead of Tuesday's United Nations hosted summit in the city to discuss reducing carbon emissions that threaten the environment.
Organizers said some 550 busloads had arrived for the rally, which followed similar events in 166 countries including Britain, France, Afghanistan and Bulgaria.
"Today I am marching for my children. I am marching so they can live in a world without worrying about the next big storm destroying their community," said Bill Aristovolus, the superintendent of an apartment building in New York City's working-class Bronx borough.
A crowd including U.S. senators Bernard Sanders of Vermont and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island lined up along a mile (1.6 km) long stretch along New York's Central Park, bearing signs reading "stop tar sands" and "keep the oil in the ground." Marchers carried pictures of sunflowers and, at the rally's head, a banner reading "front lines of crisis, forefront of climate change."
The march was due to step off around 11:30 a.m. ET (1530 GMT), covering a 2-mile (3.2-km) route winding past Times Square.
Organizers billed the event as the largest gathering focused on climate change since 2009, when tens of thousands gathered in Copenhagen in a sometime raucous demonstration that resulted in the detention of 2,000 protesters.
De Blasio on Sunday unveiled a new plan for the city to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent from 2005 levels by 2050.
All 3,000 major city-owned buildings would be retrofitted with energy saving heating, cooling and light systems by then, he said, though meeting the commitment will also require significant investments by private landlords.
"Climate change is an existential threat to New Yorkers and our planet," de Blasio said. "Acting now is nothing short of a moral imperative." (Additional reporting by Louis Charbonneau at the United Nations and Kylie MacLellan in London; Editing by Scott Malone, Bill Trott and William Hardy)
live blog

Axa joins IFC in developing markets pushAxa joins IFC in developing markets insurance push
By Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc5c1bae-416f-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sukuk issue to boost Dubais ambitionsSukuk issue to boost Dubai’s global ambitions
By Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed11cd50-418e-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shadows creep across European newspapersShadows creep across face of European newspapers
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49cf1598-3e56-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Puducherry: Opposition Congress demands probe into  fake certificates  issue3
1
Puducherry: The opposition Congress on Sunday demanded a detailed probe into the fake certificates allegedly issued by Revenue department for students applying for admission to professional courses under government quota.
Puducherry Pradesh Congress Committee AV Subramanian said in a release on Sunday that a girl student from Dindigul in neighbouring Tamil Nadu had recently submitted her application under government quota with a 'fake certificate' declaring her to be a native of the union territory.
Subramanian said that though the government had suspended three officials, including a Deputy Tahsildar in this regard, there were also allegations that a number of students from outside Puducherry had submitted similar certificates in a bid to join professional courses this academic year.
AV Subramanian said that a girl student from Tamil Nadu had recently submitted her application under government quota with a 'fake certificate' declaring her to be a native of the union territory.
He demanded that all applications and certificates submitted by students to do professional courses be scanned, those who had submitted bogus certificates be proceeded against. Action should also be taken against officials who had issued such certificates, he said.
0

NCP core panel meet on Monday to decide on deadlock with CongressSep 21, 2014 at 09:06pm IST
NCP core panel meet on Monday to decide on deadlock with Congress
3
0
New Delhi: Putting pressure on ally Congress over the deadlock regarding seat sharing for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, NCP on Sunday said a meeting of its core committee in Mumbai on Monday will take a final call on the matter even as it asserted that it is sticking to its "original demand".
"No new proposal has been received by the party. We stand by our original demand for 144 Assembly seats. Time is of the essence as the election process has already begun," senior NCP leader Praful Patel said.
Patel said that the meeting of the NCP Core Committee, which is to be held at around noon on Monday, would take a "final call" on the stalemate. His statement came even as Congress looked for ways to end the impasse with leaders from Maharashtra, including Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and PCC chief Manikrao Thakre, holding consultations with some central leaders.
"No new proposal has been received by the party. We stand by our original demand for 144 Assembly seats. Time is of the essence as the election process has already begun," senior NCP leader Praful Patel said.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #congress
There was no word from Congress on the way ahead and a section of Maharashtra leaders have been alleging that Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar was the stumbling block in efforts to find a solution.
Patel, the NCP Vice President, had on Saturday given Congress a day to respond on the issue of seat sharing for the Oct. 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra saying that his party could wait no longer.
"The filing of nominations has begun. We can wait for a day more for Congress's response on our proposal on the quantum of seats," Patel had said, though he had clarified that it was not meant to be an ultimatum.
In New Delhi, Maharashtra Congress chief Manikrao Thakre had on Saturday said that they have put the ball in NCP's court and claimed that the Sharad Pawar-led party is yet to give a
"positive response" to the former's proposal for seat-sharing. After a meeting of the party's Central Election Committee (CEC) on Saturday, he had said that Congress will have to prepare for all 288 seats in the state if a response from NCP does not come within a day or two.
The CEC had held deliberations on the selection of candidates for the 174 seats in Maharashtra which the party had contested in the last Assembly polls.
1

Gujarat: VHP seeks Muslim cleric s arrest for comments on NavratriSep 21, 2014 at  10:33pm IST
Muslim cleric's remarks on Navratri an attempt to malign Hinduism, says VHP; seeks his arrest
13
1
Ahmedabad: Vishwa Hindu Parishad on Sunday took strong objection to what it termed as "provocative" remarks on Navratri festival by Maulana Mehdi Hasan, saying it is a deliberate attempt to "malign" Hinduism and demanded his arrest.
VHP has also called for a statewide movement in Gujarat to bar Muslim youths from entering venues for 'garba', a traditional dance performed during the festival in praise of goddess Durga, to prevent incidents of "eve teasing".
Hasan, a resident of Rustampura in Thasra taluka of Kheda district, had shot into limelight when he tried to put a skull cap on then chief minister Narandra Modi's head during the latter's Sadbhavna fast in 2011.
VHP has also called for a statewide movement in Gujarat to bar Muslim youths from entering venues for 'garba' to prevent incidents of "eve teasing".
#ahmedabad #vhp #navratri #muslims
VHP is angry over an interview given by Hasan to a local Gujarati newspaper in which he is quoted as saying that Navratri is the "festival of devils as rapists and drunkards use to participate in it".
The interview was published on Saturday. Addressing reporters here, the general secretary of VHP's city unit Ranchhod Bharwad said that Hasan's remarks are a deliberate attempt to malign Hinduism.
"When just a few days are left for Navratri to begin, the Maulana said that it is not a religious festival and further added that it is a festival of Rakshash (devils). This is a conspiracy to defame Hindus. This is an attempt to disturb harmony and peace in Gujarat," Bharwad told reporters at a press conference on Sunday.
Hasan said that his remarks were taken out of context and rather he wants Hindus to "keep such elements away from the festival to keep its sanctity". Bharwad also threatened to launch a statewide agitation if Hasan is not arrested by police. When asked if VHP or any other organisation has filed any FIR in this regard, Bharwad said that police have taken their application.
He was referring to an application given to Dariyapur police station in the city by a local Shiv Sena leader Jitu Solanki on Sunday. Solanki has reportedly asked police to arrest Hasan for allegedly creating enmity between two communities by making such remarks about Hindu gods and festivals. Inspector VN Yadav of Dariyapur police station said that police are looking into the matter, but refused to elaborate.
Meanwhile, Hasan said that his comments were taken out of context. "I said those words with a particular reference. Devils means those who are drunkards and rapists, not everyone who enjoys that festival. I am a Sufi who believes in bringing peace among communities. I actually drew attention of Hindus to keep such elements away from such religious festivals to restore the sanctity. But my views were taken otherwise," he said.
Bharwad further said that VHP was not going to tolerate such derogatory remarks on Hindu festivals. "We have asked government to arrest him (Hasan) before Navratri, or else, VHP and Bajrang Dal will gherao him at his residence," said Bharwad, flanked by Akhileshwardas Maharaj, a member of VHP's Central Advisory Committee, at the presser.
Akhileshwardas said that VHP will take the matter into its hands and "teach Maulana a lesson if police failed to act swiftly".
"If police do not arrest him (Hasan), VHP will catch him and teach him a lesson in our own language before handing him over to police. We will do whatever necessary," he said. Demanding that Muslim youths not be allowed to enter the garba pandals, Akhileshwardas said, "Muslims will not be allowed at any garba venue anywhere in the state. They are the ones who are involved in devilish activities such as eve teasing. We have asked each Navratri organiser in the state not to allow them inside."
"VHP will stop them if organisers fail to do so. VHP will take the necessary action to stop them. We have also planned 'combing nights' to identify them and stop them. Our intelligence unit is capable of identifying Muslims even if they are not carrying any ID card," the seer said.
41

PM Modi to meet US-based Jewish groups in New York16
0
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet US-based Jewish groups during his visit to the US this week followed by a meeting between External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Israeli counterpart.
According to sources, Prime Minister will be meeting Jewish groups on September 28, the day on which he will also address thousands of Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Garden.
An influential American Jewish group had congratulated Modi soon after his electoral victory and hoped that under his leadership, India's ties with the US and Israel will strengthen further.
Prime Minister will be meeting Jewish groups on September 28, the day on which he will also address thousands of Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Garden.
#india #us #narendra modi #sushma swaraj
Modi is also scheduled to visit Ground Zero, the site of the World Trade Centre downtown which was destroyed in the terror attacks by al-Qaeda in 2001. He is also expected to visit the new 9/11 museum.
Swaraj will hold bilateral talks with her Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman on October 1. Her meeting comes days after India along with BRICS countries voted in support of the UNHRC resolution to launch a probe into Israel's offensive on Gaza.
Israel launched Operation Protective Edge in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip. Fifty days of Israeli bombardment, Palestinian rocket attacks, and ground fighting killed more than 2,200 people, mostly Palestinians.
521

Xi s visit to India shows China s neighbourhood diplomacySep 21, 2014 at 09:29pm IST
'Xi's visit to India shows China's neighbourhood diplomacy'
12
0
Beijing: Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India and three other countries highlighted China's sincerity and determination in advancing its neighbourhood diplomacy, official media said on Sunday.
India, Sri Lanka, the Maldives and Tajikistan which Xi visited are emerging countries struggling for prosperity, a commentary by state-run Xinhua news agency said. China is India's largest trading partner, while India is China's biggest in South Asia, with two-way trade totalling about $65.5 billion last year.
During his visit, Xi said China and India should be "express trains" driving regional economic integration and connectivity, it said. Specifically, Xi pledged that China will try to increase its investment in Indian industrial and infrastructure projects to $20 billion in the next five years and import more pharmaceuticals and agricultural products in a bid to balance bilateral trade.
China is India's largest trading partner, while India is China's biggest in South Asia, with two-way trade totalling about $65.5 billion last year.
China, Xi said, is ready to work together with New Delhi to make even greater contribution to regional development, "so that the three billion people living on both sides of the Himalayas will enjoy peace, friendship, stability and
prosperity".
Xi's visit to Tajikistan, the Maldives and Sri Lanka highlighted Xi's plans to build "one belt one road" involving revival of ancient Silk Road and Maritime Silk Road for which he invited India to join.
Xi's trip to these countries, included more than 70 events, showed the country's effort to promote building an "amicable, tranquil and prosperous neighbourhood" with adherence to the principles of "amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness," it said.
Xi's current trip was aimed at bringing together the aspirations of Tajikistan, the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India with the "One Belt and One Road" initiatives to pursue common prosperity with neighbours, it said.
The "One Belt and One Road" refers to the "Silk Road Economic Belt" and "21st Century Maritime Silk Road," infrastructure and trade networks put forward by Xi during his visit to Central Asia and Southeast Asia in 2013.
During the trip, China signed more than 60 cooperative documents with the four countries, which have also pledged active participation in constructing the "belt" and the "road," it said.
In the Maldives, its President Abdulla Yameen reiterated support for China's proposal of constructing the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, adding that the island country is prepared to actively participate in relevant cooperation.
In the Maldives, Xi promised that the Chinese government will favourably consider helping finance the Male-Hulhule bridge project, continue its assistance for the country and encourage Chinese companies to invest in the country.
7

Overseas Investor Inflows in Debt Market Cross Rs 1 Lakh Crore in 2014 so farOverseas Investor Inflows in Debt Market Cross Rs 1 Lakh Crore in 2014 so far
Forest Panel May Take Up Jindal Steel Proposal This WeekForest Panel May Take Up Jindal Steel Proposal This Week
Hooda writes to Modi on problems of rice growing farmersHooda writes to Modi on problems of rice growing farmers
Ashraf Ghani wins Afghanistan election  signs power-sharing dealAshraf Ghani wins Afghanistan election  signs power-sharing deal
