GM: Keep Passengers Out of Front in These Modelsgm: keep passengers out of front in these models
5 Guilt-Free Ways to Make Sure You Use All Your VacationEmail
America, take a vacation! A new Oxford Economics report shows that Americans are only using 77 percent of their paid time off. It’s gotten so bad that the number of unused vacation days has racked up to its highest level in 40 years. Workers say they’re worried about being seen as the office slacker. And in a world of layoffs, they’re also worried about keeping up with colleagues and bosses who don’t take all their vacation days. 
Take planning your play just as seriously as you plan your work, says productivity trainer and Work to Live speaker Joe Robinson.
Video: A new study by Oxford Economics reveals that American workers are essentially working for free almost one week per year.
“We don’t plan our time off, we don’t plan our leisure. We think the only thing that matters is performance and output,” said Robinson. Ironically, research shows that workers who take breaks, whether 10 seconds on an assembly line or 10 days in Cabo, increase their overall productivity when they return. Reaction times can go up as much as 40 percent.
And for those who feel like taking a vacation is stealing from the company in some way, know this: Vacations weren’t invented by employees. The vacation tradition was started in the 1920s and '30s  by employers who found giving their workers a week or two off during the year increased overall productivity.
Robinson offered these handy tips to workers:
Plan your vacations for the entire year in January
At the beginning of the year, discuss with others when the peak periods of work are. Figure out when everyone else is going to be gone. Plan your vacation days in the lulls between and give everyone as much notice as possible.  “Then it’s locked in and it’s much harder to have it not happen,” said Robinson.
Set up “I’ll cover you” arrangements with co-workers
In Europe they have a strategy they call “cross-training” where various people you work with are trained in pieces of your work, and vice versa. That way everyone can cover for each other during vacation and sick days. 
Take a trip, not a guilt trip
Ignore any dirty looks you think you’re getting, which are mainly just projected fear. “Guilt is just manipulation sent by other people,” said Robinson. “I don’t think living your life is anything to be embarrassed about."
Remember: Vacations make you a strong worker
“The body needs to replenish its mental resources,” said Robinson. “If we stay in work mode, we never get to have those resources go up again."
Use ‘em or lose ‘em
Understandably, people who don’t take all their vacation days act that way in part because they're worried about getting laid off — so-called “defensive overworking.”  But that’s the wrong strategy.
“People need to realize that people who don’t take vacations get laid off just as much as people who do,” said Robinson. “It’s your best time to live fully and freely."
Tags:

Krugman: The Right Fears Democracykrugman: the right fears democracy
Quarantined nurse writes about her treatment due to Ebola concernsBy Nia-Malika Henderson October 25 Follow @niawapo
A nurse who is quarantined in a Newark hospital after arriving from West Africa where she treated Ebola patients, said that she is “scared for those who will follow me,” and that the United States must treat returning health-care workers better.
The governors of New York, New Jersey and Illinois on Friday ordered that health-care workers returning from Ebola stricken countries in West Africa must be quarantined for 21 days. The measures were put into place after a doctor returned from West Africa was confirmed to have the deadly virus .
In a letter published in the Dallas Morning News , Kaci Hickox, who has tested negative for Ebola, detailed her treatment at the airport and then a hospital after she returned from Sierra Leone. She writes of long delays and a situation where “no one seemed to be in charge.”
“I am scared about how health care workers will be treated at airports when they declare that they have been fighting Ebola in West Africa,” Hickox wrote. “I am scared that, like me, they will arrive and see a frenzy of disorganization, fear and, most frightening, quarantine.”
Hickox arrived Friday afternoon and told immigration officials that she had been in Sierra Leone. She was then questioned about her work there, which included watching a 10-year-old girl die of the disease during a month long stay.
“I was tired, hungry and confused, but tried to remain calm,” she wrote. “My temperature was taken using a forehead scanner and it read a temperature of 98. I was feeling physically healthy but emotionally exhausted.”
Four hours later, she had a temperature of 101 according to the forehead scanner, and she was escorted by eight police cars to the University of Hospital in New York. Doctors there took her temperature again and found no fever.
The symptoms of Ebola can take up to 21 days to show up, and as long as someone is not showing any symptoms, like fever, vomiting and diarrhea, they are not contagious.
Several lawmakers have called for an outright travel ban, yet health officials have said that such a ban would limit the flow of much needed support to West Africa. Yet there are similar concerns that a mandatory 21-quarantine could discourage health care workers from traveling to Africa.
“We need more health care workers to help fight the epidemic in West Africa,” she wrote. “The U.S. must treat returning health care workers with dignity and humanity.”
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Financial regulators to issue warning against Islamic State links  including IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

That s an  F : European Banks Flunk Stress Teststhat s an  f : european banks flunk stress tests
Housing Prices Remain Stable in SeptemberIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: Housing prices remained largely stable during the last month across the country's seven major cities while supply dipped marginally, according to property consultant CBRE.
"After recording an improvement in sentiments in August, the residential market saw a marginal dip in fresh supply of housing units during September," CBRE South Asia CMD Anshuman Magazine said in 'India Realty Market Update' for September.
The consultant tracks real estate market of seven cities - Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune, Hyderabad and Bangalore.
The consultant said the new project launches will increase over the next few months on the back of festive season, a revival in economic sentiments, and tax incentives introduced by the new government.
"Prices remained stable across most locations, barring central locations in Chennai, which saw 8-10 per cent rise over price points in August," CBRE said.
The home-buyer demand continued to remain focused on mid- end and high-end projects.
In the organised retail space, CBRE said the rental values remained stable across major markets in all leading cities, with the exception of Mumbai's Linking Road, which saw a decline of 3-4 per cent over the previous month.
On office segment, CBRE said the office market reported signs of improvement in the quarter ended September 2014, with the conclusion of numerous transactions towards the consolidation and expansion requirements of major corporate occupiers.
"Leasing activity remained upbeat with Bangalore, Delhi National Capital Region (NCR), and Mumbai leading the absorption of office space," it added.
IT/ITeS sector continued to account for a major portion of the commercial office space absorbed during the month.
"More than 30 per cent of the entire transacted space was led by domestic firms, such as Airtel, Aditya Birla Group and Tech Mahindra. Prominent corporates from the US and Eurozone also accounted for a large share of the transaction activity during September," CBRE said.
Similar to previous months, CBRE said the back-office operations were a leading driver of office space demand, with almost 90 per cent of the leased space in September meant for housing either back-office operations or a combination of back-office and front-office operations of various corporates.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 18:19 (IST)

Is economic growth permanently lowerAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Comcast set to be largest media group© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c74f69d2-5b61-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CEO fad for extreme exercise goes too farThe CEO fad for extreme exercise has gone too far
Lucy Kellaway
Sport does not broaden an executive’s worldview. Virtually everything else does
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/262d8c6c-593d-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dysfunctional Levels in Nonprofit Boards and OrganizationsArticle and studies from a Google search on "Dysfunctions in Nonprofit Boards & Organizations" yields 445,000 items in .32 of a second.  These items show dysfunctions on charter school boards, church boards, health care boards, trade associations, etc.
Rick Moyers, a well-known nonprofit commentator and nonprofit researcher, concluded:
A decade's worth of research suggests that board performance is at best uneven and at worst highly dysfunctional.  ... The experiences of serving on a board -- unless it is high functioning, superbly led, supported by a skilled staff and working in a true partnership with the executive -- is quite the opposite of engaging.
These data and comments can lead one to conclude that all nonprofit boards are dysfunctional.  I suggest that nonprofit boards can generate a range of dysfunctional behavioral outcomes, but the staff can muddle through and continue to adequately serve clients.
Mildly Dysfunctional:  Board meeting attendance can be a problem, left unattended by the board chair and CEO.  Agendas are not completed within the meeting time frame.  Strategic planning takes place once a year with little reference to it between annual meeting retreats. Goals are established without measured outcomes.
On the other hand, budgets and finances are reasonably well-handled.  Incremental growth each year is modest.  Board recruitment takes place largely based on board contacts and friendships, with a few recommendations by the CEO.  Most everyone on the board is mildly or fully dedicated to the organization's mission.
Moderately Dysfunctional:  All of the above dysfunctions, plus one or more of the following ones:
•      The board chair and/or the CEO receive heightened deference in board discussions.
• Important decisions are made without full participation by all board members.   One of two directors sets the tone for the discussions and the outcomes.
• Either the board chair or CEO has inadequate backgrounds to develop a robust board.   Nearly all agenda topics center on operational issues.
• The board does not trust the CEO but is unwilling to take action to remove him or her.
• The mission is not clearly defined and "mission creep" can be a problem.
In this instance, the staff can be productive, if some managers are able to isolate staff from the board dysfunctions.
Highly Dysfunctional: Many of the following board behaviors are exhibited:
• The board is divided into unyielding factions, a la the current US congress.
• Board discussions go beyond civil discourse into personal barbs, often disguised as humor.
• Board committees are not functioning properly.   Important decisions are often delayed for a year or more.
• Rumors about the board conflicts are reaching funders, and are asking questions about the rumors.
• It is becoming difficult to recruit talented board members or professional personnel.
• The board chair and other directors refuse to acknowledge the problems.
There is little that the staff can do in this situation, except to hope for a funding angel to cover the financial problems that will develop.   However, I did observe one organization that recovered from such highly dysfunctional board behaviors and finally succeeded in recruiting more talented board members. It also adopted a new governance format. The change led to some directors  o resign.   (One was insisting that the directors should evaluate individual staff personnel!)   However the mistrust between the board and staff, as a result of the dysfunctional board behaviors, continued for decades.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Board & Organization Dysfucntion Nonprofits Nonprofit Govenance Nonprofit Management Nonprofit Ceos
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Communist party attempt to introduce legal redressOctober 26, 2014 6:30 pm
China strives incoherently for the ‘socialist rule of law’
Rebecca Liao
The Communist party attempt to introduce legal redress is an impossible feat, writes Rebecca Liao
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f4ebd30-5b84-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamacares drip-fed success© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f3d003a-5a98-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Satyam Case: Court May Set Date for Judgement on October 30Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Hyderabad: A local court trying the case of multi-crore accounting fraud in erstwhile Satyam Computer Services Limited (SCSL) may announce a date for verdict on October 30.
CBI special public prosecutor K Surender said the court has ordered all the accused to appear before it on that date.
The ten accused in the case include prime accused Satyam Computers founder and former chairman B Ramalinga Raju, his brother and Satyam's former MD B Rama Raju, ex-CFO Vadlamani Srinivas, former PwC auditors Subramani Gopalakrishnan and T Srinivas, Raju's another brother B Suryanarayana Raju, former employees G Ramakrishna, D Venkatpathi Raju and Ch Srisailam, and Satyam's former internal chief auditor V S Prabhakar Gupta.
The trial in Satyam fraud case had concluded in June before the special court, which examined 216 witnesses and marked 3,038 documents during the course of the hearing.
Touted as the country's biggest accounting fraud, the scam came to light on January 7, 2009 after Mr Raju allegedly confessed to manipulating his company's account books and inflating profits over many years to the tune of several crores of rupees.
Mr Raju was arrested by the Crime Investigation Department of Andhra Pradesh Police two days later along with his brother.
In February that year, CBI took over the investigation and filed three charge sheets (on April 7, 2009, November 24, 2009 and January 7, 2010), which were later clubbed into one.
Mr Raju and others were charged with offences like cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery and breach of trust, under relevant sections of IPC, for inflating invoices and incomes, account falsification, faking fixed deposits, besides allegedly falsifying returns through violation of various I-T laws.
During the trial, the CBI alleged that the scam caused a loss of Rs 14,000 crore to Satyam shareholders, while the defence countered the charges, saying the accused were not responsible for the fraud and all the documents filed by the central agency relating to the case were fabricated and not according to law.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 11:47 (IST)

Mutual Funds Exposure to Bank Stocks Drops to Rs 55 398 Crore in SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
Mutual Fund Exposure to Bank Stocks Drops to Rs 55,398 Crore in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 27, 2014 14:50 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New Delhi: Mutual fund (MF) managers dropped their exposure to bank stocks to Rs 55,398 crore in September, after raising it for seven consecutive months.
MF investments in bank stocks as of September 30 declined to Rs 55,398 crore, accounting for 18.84 per cent of the total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.94 lakh crore, data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) showed.
In comparison, the MF industry's exposure to the banking sector had touched an all-time high of Rs 56,625 crore in August this year.
However, MFs had been raising their exposure to banking shares since January.
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs last month with an exposure of Rs 31,834 crore, followed by pharmaceuticals (Rs 21,908 crore), auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in banking stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market and the current decline is mainly due to profit booking.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
This year has seen consistent growth in investment in banking stocks by equity fund managers, and fund infusion has grown from Rs 30,339 crore in January to Rs 56,625 crore in August. In percentage, their exposure has risen from 16.6 per cent to 20.10 per cent during the period.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 14:36 (IST)

Pradip Burman named in back money holders list  Dabur group family protestsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hiring Outlook for Next 6 Months Improved  88% Ready to Hire: SurveyIIT Student Gets Rs 1.5 Crore Pay Package
New Delhi: The next six months are likely to favour job aspirants as 88 per cent of employers are willing to increase their staff strength on account of improved economic conditions, a report says.
According to TeamLease's Employment Outlook Survey, for the next six months (October 2014 - March 2015) global macroeconomic trends and domestic demand will put business and employment sentiment on a fast paced upward trajectory.
Around 91 per cent of the survey respondents said business outlook, for the coming half year, has improved, while 88 per cent said employment outlook has increased.
Accordingly, job growth is expected to follow suit at a stupendous 12.8 per cent, the report said.
Further, the optimism in the employment outlook seems to be not just confined to the metros but tier 2 towns as well.
Hindupur, Visakhapatnam, Hubli, Thiruvananthapuram, Belgaum, Aurangabad, Kota, Ajmer and Meerut are some of the new catchment areas which recruiters have identified to hire from over the next half year, the report said.
"There is an overall buoyant mood owing to the right noises the government is making as well as the festive season," TeamLease Services senior vice president Kunal Sen said.
Mr Sen further said: "We are seeing increased hiring mandates. After year-long fluctuations, the overall business and hiring sentiment seems to have stabilised and is seen moving towards growth. We are confident the trend will translate into action on ground."
From a sector perspective, with almost all the sectors indicating a positive swing in the business sentiment, the business atmosphere in the upcoming half year is expected to be exuberant across industries.
While IT, Healthcare & Pharma and Retail seems to be the primary drivers, Telecom, FMCD, FMCG and Financial Services also contribute to the upward movement in the hiring sentiment, the report said.
The report further said the biggest gainer in the coming half year (October 2014 to March 2015) will be the junior and senior level profiles. Moreover, employers are increasingly stressing on hiring superior technological expertise as well as better skilled employees.
Some of the profiles that are in demand in the coming half year are product /project management, new social media management, big data and predictive analytics, the report said
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 15:54 (IST)

Assocham for Coal Preference to Operational End-Use PlantsIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) on Monday suggested the government to give preference in the auction of coal mines to captive block allocatees whose end-use plants were operational at the time Supreme Court quashed allocations of mines.
The Supreme Court had last month quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
"Assocham has suggested the government to give preference in allocation of cancelled coal blocks to captive block allocatees who have an operational or soon to be operational end-use-project," the industry body said in a statement.
The auctions should be opened for others only after coal for these projects is secured, it said.
Assocham stated in a note submitted to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) that coal blocks already allotted for end-use steel projects should be auctioned only for steel projects and similarly, coal block allotted for end-use power projects be auctioned only for power projects.
The reserve price and upfront payment should be based on actual mineable reserves only (as assessed by CMPDIL/MECL etc.) and not on the basis of geological reserves, it said.
Clearances accorded to the existing coal blocks should automatically get transferred to the new allocatees. Obtaining these clearances again will lead to considerable delays in commencement of production from mines and adversely affect the end-use projects, it added.
"Bidding for end use power as well steel projects should be on the basis of upfront payment fixed by MoC (Ministry of Coal) and extractable reserve linked payment quoted by the bidder in Rupee/tonne."
It also said that the auction process should accord the Right of First Refusal (RoFR) to the existing allocatees of the coal blocks who have end-use plants either operational or soon to be operational or to the allocatees that have taken substantial effective steps to set up end-use plants.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 15:11 (IST)

Expect RBI to turn dovish in December  cut rates in February : BofA-MLE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money list: Arun Jaitley says will name only those having  prosecutable  caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money list: Centre names Pradip Burman  Radha Timblo  P C LodhiyaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ajit Doval meets Mamata  calls Bengal terror-breeding hubComments
National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval told the West Bengal chief minister on Monday that the border district of Jalpaiguri had emerged as a new terror hub in the state, sources said, suggesting the terror network extends beyond the southeastern town of Burdwan and neighbouring areas.
Sources said Doval handed a list of 180 Bangladeshi militants hiding in West Bengal to the government after visiting the site of the October 2 blast in Burdwan.
The NSA and other members of a delegation of top security and intelligence chiefs told chief minister Mamata Banerjee about how operatives of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) had used the state as a safe haven over the past two years.
“Besides pointing out that Jalpaiguri has turned into yet another terror point for JMB, the central representatives also handed over a list of unrecognised madrasas in the state operating as terror-breeding hubs,” said a state government source on condition of anonymity. “The central team also informed the chief minister on how during the last couple years the number of terror modules in West Bengal has gone beyond 50.”
The Mamata Banerjee government said it would cooperate with a central investigation into the Burdwan blast, in which two JMB operatives were killed while making bombs in a house. The chief minister initially resisted a National Investigation Agency (NIA) probe into the incident that exposed a terror network of Bangladeshi infiltrators spread over several West Bengal districts.
“The chief minister and the West Bengal government have assured that the Centre and the state will work together in unearthing the entire case,” Prakash Mishra, special secretary for internal security in the Union home ministry, told the media after the meeting with Banerjee.
The NSA and his team also referred to the alleged links of a Rajya Sabha member from West Bengal with two Bangladeshi militant groups – JMB and Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh (JIB).
An NIA report says that the JMB, a shadowy organisation formed in 2005, has plans to establish an Islamic state encompassing Bangladesh and Murshidabad, Nadia and Malda districts of West Bengal.
Three people, including two women, were arrested in the Burdwan case and questioned by the NIA that took over the probe after the state government faced a barrage of criticism for allegedly mishandling the investigation.
Opposition parties have accused Banerjee of allowing extremist elements to flourish in the state for vote-bank politics.
“It is clear that Trinamool Congress is allowing jihadi elements in Bengal. Mere assurances will not drive them out,” said state BJP president Rahul Sinha.
Apart from SIM cards, improvised explosive devices (IEDs), detonators and watch dials, some leaflets and papers with names of al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahri and Chechen rebels were reportedly recovered from the Burdwan house, which the suspected militants had rented a few months ago.
The central delegation’s visit comes as the Union government prepares to send a report on the issue to Bangladesh following a request from the Sheikh Hasina government.
(With inputs from Ravik Bhattacharya)

Bharti Infratel Sept-qtr net profit up 68% to Rs 465 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stocks Mostly Lower as Oil Sinks  Europe StrugglesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Facebook  pregnancy notifications and a fathers right to object to adoptionBy Eugene Volokh October 27 Follow @volokhc
(Reuters/Eric Thayer/Files)
When a man and a woman have a child out of wedlock, and the woman puts up the child for adoption, the man is entitled to an opportunity to object and to raise the child himself (unless he’s found to be an unfit parent). “[N]atural fathers … are denied due process when their parental rights are terminated despite them never being given a chance to pursue their opportunity interest because they were never given notice of the child’s existence.” But if the man knows about the pregnancy and the adoption plans and does not object to the adoption in a timely way, he waives his rights.
What, though, qualifies as sufficient notice from the mother to the father? Here’s what the Oklahoma Supreme Court held about this in In re Adoption of K.P.M.A. (Okla. Oct. 14, 2014) :
Having established that Father was constitutionally entitled to notice of the existence of the child before his rights could be terminated for failure to exercise his opportunity interest, this Court must now determine whether Father received that notice. In other words, was Father afforded appropriate due process. Notice and opportunity lie at the heart of due process. Appellees assert that Father was provided notice of the pregnancy by Mother via Facebook, though Father claims he did not see the message until after the child’s birth.
The classic statement of constitutionally adequate notice is that which is reasonably calculated, under the circumstances, to inform interested persons of the pending litigation and to afford them an opportunity to advocate their interest in the cause….
The means employed must be such as one desirous of actually informing the absentee might reasonably adopt to accomplish it. The reasonableness and hence the constitutional validity of any chosen method may be defended on the ground that it is in itself reasonably certain to inform those affected, or, where conditions do not reasonably permit such notice, that the form chosen is not substantially less likely to bring home notice than other of the feasible and customary substitutes.
This Court does not believe that attempts to provide notice via Facebook comport with the requirements of due process. While the adequacy of Facebook as a means of providing notice in a due process context is an issue of first impression in Oklahoma, to date only one federal court — of at least three that have considered the issue — has allowed service of process via Facebook and even then only as a supplementary means of providing notice.
Nothing in the record of this cause indicates that more direct contact with Father was impossible so that Mother was required to rely upon an indirect method such as Facebook to notify him of her pregnancy. Indeed, the record indicates she came to Father’s workplace to see him roughly six weeks after their last sexual encounter. There is no indication in the record she knew she was pregnant at the time, and it is quite possible that she did not know, however it does demonstrate she knew where to find Father to talk to him in person and had no qualms about doing so. The record does not indicate she made any effort to visit Father again after this date, while he was still employed, to tell him of the pregnancy.
The record also does not indicate Mother made any other reasonable effort to contact Father directly and notify him. Mother was present at the hearing due to Father’s subpoena, and might have been able to provide further detail regarding her efforts to contact father, were it not for the trial court’s erroneous decision to grant Appellees’ motion for a directed verdict.
Instead of contacting Father directly, Mother left him a message on Facebook, which is an unreliable method of communication if the accountholder does not check it regularly or have it configured in such a way as to provide notification of unread messages by some other means. This Court is unwilling to declare notice via Facebook alone sufficient to meet the requirements of the due process clauses of the United States and Oklahoma Constitutions because it is not reasonably certain to inform those affected. It is, rather, a mere gesture.
Three of the nine Justices dissented, reasoning that, under the relevant Oklahoma statute,
The duty of the male who has sexual relations with a female is (1) to be aware that a pregnancy might occur and (2) to inform himself. He cannot complacently wait for the female to find him in the event of a pregnancy. In this case the Mother tried to inform the father. There was no evidence that he attempted to learn anything. After the legislature had made its intent known, the majority opinion still maintains that the responsibility of informing a father lies fully with the female.
The Father’s testimony reveals that during the times they were having intercourse, the Mother was seventeen years old and he was twenty to twenty-one years old. He testified that he knew where she lived, knew her full name and had her telephone number. When asked, “What steps did you take to determine that she wasn’t pregnant after you had intercourse the last time?” His answer was “None.” He was also asked, “[D]id you ever attempt to contact her and she denied contact with you?” He answered, “No.”
It thus concludes that express notice to the father wasn’t necessary, but also says this about Facebook notice:
The majority opinion does not inform the biological mother precisely what notice is needed to satisfy this Court. The rule has been long accepted that, “Actual notice is the preferred method of satisfying due process requirements….” The Facebook message was actual notice. The Father testified that Facebook was his method to contact the Mother after he learned of the guardianship and that he reached her within twenty-four hours. Why would Facebook be any less reliable than other forms of electronic communication? Does the Court require a face-to-face confrontation with witnesses? Face-to-face discussions can be denied; letters can remain unopened; and faxes can be lost.
Osprey L.L.C. v. Kelly-Moore Paint Co., 1999 OK 50, ¶ 15, 984 P.2d 194, 199, held, “The purpose of providing notice by personal delivery or registered mail is to insure the delivery of the notice, and to settle any dispute which might arise between the parties concerning whether the notice was received. A substituted method of notice which performs the same function and serves the same purpose as an authorized method of notice is not defective.” In the Osprey case, a lessee sent a fax to confirm a desire to continue a lease for another five years. The renewal terms stated that notice may be delivered either personally or by depositing the same in United States mail, first class postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested.
The lessor even denied receiving the fax, but this Court recognized an electronic record showing that the fax activity report and telephone company records confirmed that the fax was transmitted successfully and that it was sent to Osprey’s correct facsimile number. Actual notice satisfies due process just as formally approved methods do. The record contains an admission from the Father that his Facebook account contained notice. He just claims he did not read it.
Oklahoma law recognizes the efficacy of electronic transactions where parties to electronic transactions have agreed to transact business through that method. Forty-seven states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have adopted the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (UETA). Oklahoma has codified this act as 12A O.S.2011, §§ 15-101 through 15-121. Three states, Illinois, New York and Washington, which have not adopted the UETA have statutes pertaining to electronic transactions. The UETA is found within the Uniform Commercial Code and applies to transactions. A transaction is defined as “an action or set of actions occurring between two or more persons relating to the conduct of business, commercial, or governmental affairs.” The point is not whether the UETA applies to the case before the court; the relevance is that electronic transactions are deemed by all states to be dependable enough to bind parties in business, commercial and governmental affairs.
In addition, Facebook is a dependable method for communication, enough so that the Father admits that the mother and the Father chose to communicate through that method. What happened when he received service about the guardianship? The transcript says that when he initiated contact with the mother he did it through Facebook. There is no support for an argument that Facebook is less dependable as an actual notice than a fax, a letter or some form of email other than Facebook. Neither is there a sound argument that actual notice does not satisfy due process.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Black money case: What Jaitley has to sayHi Guest
Black money case: What Jaitley has to say
Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion through offshore accounts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday, amid the Congress asking for disclosure of all names of black money holders. "We will disclose only those names against whom we have prosecutable evidence," he told reporters. His remark comes hours after the government disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names, including that of Pradip ...

AAP accuses Govt of  selective approach  in black money issueAAP accuses Govt of  selective approach  in black money issue
V-shaped rebound catches bears off guardV-shaped stock rebound catches bears off guard
By: Adam Shell October 27, 2014 10:55 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during morning trading Oct. 27 in New York City. (Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
The stock market’s sharp decline earlier this month was followed by a classic V-shaped rebound rally, catching many investors off guard. But can the rally last?
Last week, the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index rallied more than 4%, posting its best weekly gain of the year — and ending a four-week losing streak. In late-morning trading Monday the S&P 500 was down 7 points or 0.35%, to 1958.
But many investors did not expect the large-company stock index to bounce back that fast or that far, after tumbling more than 9% from its intraday high to its intraday low earlier this month amid fears of a global growth slowdown, Ebola and other market headwinds.
“If you blinked, you missed it,” is the way Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group described last week’s flash rally, which was powered by strong corporate earnings reports. Hickey’s firm supplied an intraday stock chart from Oct. 1 to Oct. 21 to show just how violent the S&P 500’s V-shaped upside reversal has been:
The S&P 500 has delivered a V-shaped recovery since its Oct. 15 intraday low. (Chart: Bespoke Investment Group)
The question now is: Can the rally last?
Citing historical data of how stocks have reacted after similar drops and sharp rebounds, the answer is there’s a good chance the rally could have legs, notes Thomas Lee of Fundstrat Global Advisors.
Lee’s research notes that the S&P 500’s current pullback from Sept. 19 to Oct. 15 was 9.8% from it intraday high to its intraday low. Following the past 49 times the S&P 500 has dipped at least 7% (but did not fall into a bear market, or a 20%-plus drop), more than half of the corrections ended after a decline of 10%. But he stresses that “markets either fall 10% or less or they continue to fall much deeper, or 20%-ish.” The fact this current pullback ended at less than 10% is a good sign, history suggests.
Historical performance data also supports the argument that stocks can rebound more than skeptics believe.
“The faster the decline, the faster the recovery,” Lee told clients in a report.
In terms of timing, Lee’s work shows that the market recovery normally takes 1.4 days for every day of a decline. So after a 10-day decline, markets normally get back to even 14 days later.
His work also shows that more than 50% of the time the S&P 500 tends to be 11% to 17% higher eight weeks after the correction bottoms.
“90% of bull market bottoms are V shaped,” Lee said.
In the chart below supplied by Fundstrat, you will notice that the median return eight weeks after a market bottom is 11%, but more often than not the gains are much larger.

South Africa: Police hunt soccer captain s killersSouth Africa: Police hunt soccer captain s killers
Renee Zellweger doesnt need you to like how she looksBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 27 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Actress Renee Zellweger poses at the 21st annual ELLE Women in Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles. (Credit: REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni)
Over the past week, it has been amusing, if a bit predictable, to watch the discussion over Renee Zellweger’s strikingly different appearance, which she debuted on the red carpet for Elle’s Women in Hollywood Awards.
We started with disconcerted double-takes, then proceeded to speculation over just what had happened. “I’m bummed out that she monkeyed with her DNA to the point where one side of her face doesn’t seem to sit quite the same as the other. It almost makes her look older than she did before, which is not generally the point of all that tinkering,” wrote Heather Cocks of the indispensable fashion blog Go Fug Yourself.
Zellweger became the latest data point in the ongoing debate about what Hollywood’s requirements for women require actresses to do to themselves to continue to compete for jobs. And as the conversation circled around on itself, the comedian Luvvie mounted a spirited defense of discussing Zellweger’s radically different face.
“We know society is hyper-critical of women’s bodies but does that mean we cannot point out when someone does something absurd?” she wrote . “And yes, I find it strange when someone completely and permanently changes their reflection in the mirror for purely cosmetic reasons.”
I have seen this cycle go round and round with all the predictable gyrations of a washing machine agitator. And every time I see it happen, I am fascinated by one of the assumptions that almost all the disputants share in common, despite their different positions: The woman in question cannot possibly be aware of what she looks like now. If you think she should not be judged, the assumption is that she had the work done under duress. And if you think she should, you probably think she is exhibiting some sort of bad taste.
As one of Steve Martin’s characters in the novella “Shopgirl” puts it during a lazy afternoon observing surgically altered Los Angeles women going to and fro: “He wonders if they are kidding; he wonders if the men who adore them excuse their lapse in taste and love them anyway, or see them as splendid examples of woman as hyperbole.”
But as my colleague Soraya McDonald  reported last week , Renee Zellweger knows exactly what she looks like. “I’m glad folks think I look different! I’m living a different, happy, more fulfilling life, and I’m thrilled that perhaps it shows,” she told People Magazine .
This position is not exactly compliant with the two acceptable ways actresses are supposed to respond to inquiries about changes in their appearance. One option is denial. The other is to take some time, and then to discuss the pressures Hollywood puts on actresses, acknowledging the toll that they have taken on your own life.
To admit that you did not like the way you looked and acted to change it is not in the polite script for discussing such matters. Zellweger is not going quite so far as to say that; instead, she is attributing her altered appearance to a renewed attention to her health and a decision to stop making “bad choices about how to conceal the exhaustion.” But she is rejecting the idea that the people who long for her old look are the people whose opinions matter.
Maybe Zellweger looks, as Luvvie put it, like a “copy and paste face white woman who was created from a mating session betwixt Robin Wright, Sarah Jessica Parker and possibly a dash of Helen Hunt,” rather than her previously distinct self. And maybe that is what she wanted, and what Jennifer Grey wanted when she altered her nose. Maybe she wants to disappear, or at least has calculated that the changes she’s alluded to are worth losing what made her instantly recognizable.
It is a somewhat radical thing for someone whose career depends on being liked by the public to suggest that what we like does not really matter to her. Of course we are drawn to the idea that there is some symbiosis in our attachment to celebrities, that they need our love to keep on working and they pay us back with performances and personal dramas that entertain and even move us. But in reminding us that this is not a relationship of equals — that if we turn away from her in disappointment, she will be just fine — Zellweger is telling us something that is true, even if it, and her new look, make us deeply uncomfortable.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Letters: Glass housesLetters: Glass houses
Statue of Unity  to cost Rs 2 979 cr  L&T bags contractE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

What Twitter investors are chirping aboutWhat Twitter investors are chirping about
By: Matt Krantz October 27, 2014 12:26 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
It’s time for social media stocks to do less talking and more showing. This is a big week for social media earnings reports — starting today with Twitter (TWTR) .
The online service that allows investors to share short messages is expected to report a quarterly profit of a penny a share, reversing a year-ago loss of 13 cents a share. Revenue is expected to more than double, rising 109% to $252 million, says S&P Capital IQ.
UPDATE: Twitter’s results now in. The company met expectations, stock down.
Those are the numbers Twitter investors say they’re looking for — but they’re actually looking for more. The company has beaten earnings estimates in each of the past three earnings quarters, S&P Capital IQ says. During the quarter ended in June, for instance, Twitter made 2 cents a share, well ahead of the expected 3-cents-a-share loss.
Good numbers are needed to get this stock going:
Talk is centering around Twitter to actually earn a profit of 3 cents a share. Anything less would be seen as the company laying an egg.

Three-day Conference to Boost Savings to Begin on Tuesday: Finance MinistryInvesting in Bank FDs? Why You Should Rethink
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry will organise a three-day conference beginning Tuesday to boost savings habit among people and also to create a congenial atmosphere for the development of savings habit.
The three-day International Cross Regional Conference is being organised on the 90th anniversary to World Thrift (Savings) Day during October 28-90 in collaboration with World Savings Retail Banking Institute of Brussels.
The conference will be inaugurated by R P Watal, Expenditure Secretary, Ministry of Finance, an official release said.
The Cross Regional Conference will focus on defining youth, their finance and savings needs at different life stages and the role of financial education in motivating youth to save.
It will also focus on how savings bank could improve their offer through the diversification of the delivery challenges.
"This will be an opportunity to get an exposure to the programmes and practices prevalent in the savings banks of other member countries of WSBI."
India has highest rate of young population and 65 per cent of the population is below the age of 35 years. However, there are no products and services which can cater to the specific need of youth population.
The conference will help in drawing strategies and programmes for increasing the outreach of savings schemes to the youth in the country, and underlining the rising force of postal banking in the retail banking marketing with the sharing of the experiences.
To arrest the declining trend in savings rate and to create a congenial atmosphere for development of savings habit among the people, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had in his Budget speech announced revitalisation of the small savings scheme.
Also, new initiatives have been taken by government such as enhanced limit under Public Provident Fund Scheme and re-launching of Kisan Vikas Patra yojana.
A massive programme has also been launched to bring operation of the savings schemes in Post Offices on CBS platform by the Department of Posts.
India's gross and net deposits in National Savings Schemes were at Rs 2.56 lakh crore and Rs 1.36 lakh crore in 2007-08 respectively, up from Rs 108.35 crore and Rs 71.51 crore in 1948-49.
From 2008-09, after showing declining trend on account of heavy maturity, the collections have again picked-up.
In 2013-14, gross collections were Rs 2.07 lakh crore and net at Rs 15,476.85 crore.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 22:36 (IST)

Bargains for billionairesbargains for billionaires
Top 10 schools  Domestic Airlines cancellation rate  Crude oil  more on October 24  2014Top 10 schools, Domestic Airlines cancellation rate, Crude oil, more on October 24, 2014
Fri Oct 24 2014, 19:21 hrs
The University of Mumbai has been ranked among the top 10 schools that produce the world's billionaires and has more number of such undergraduate alumni than London School of Economics. Graph: PTI
Scheduled Domestic Airlines cancellation rate. Graph: PTI
Production of crude oil and gas in September 2014. Graph: PTI
Production of crude oil and gas (Planned target and actual production). Graph: PTI
Uruguay elections. Graph: Reuters

No softlanding in sight for $20-bn Rafale dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang   others ratcheted up their money power  apart from box office collectionsHow Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang', others ratcheted up their money power, apart from box office collections
Geety Sahgal | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 08:34  IST
Oct 27 2014, 08:34  IST
 

Why Coyote Marketing Is All the Rage for Brands in Need of a Social StrategyFacebook (Profile, how to use Lists, being algorithmic aware)
Pinterest (again curating content & Pin and Board Setup)
Note: as earlier, training and even sharing templates or images of accounts that are good examples of "what to do" including competitors can help your team to get off on the right foot.
Put a line in the sand on what's shareable and what isn't: selfies on Instagram with clothing missing is not cool for the business: sharing pictures of clients at lunch is a good thing on LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and Facebook.
Whether your team is five or fifty know and remember the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Expect some faux pas along the way and manage accordingly. Gentle guidance goes a long way. You want arrows from the front not the back right?
Don't forget your homesteading on social media and rent can and will be advertising at some point to get significant traction. But, get out there now/when/where you can to drive competitive advantage downstream.
No brainer activities for your staff: standing up profiles on the right social platforms, sharing great content in their own words (it's authentic), not PR stuff marketing is shoving down their throats, images from the road, tradeshows, etc. with no more than 15% brand promotions in the content mix.
Success is Really about Content Marketing
You should be sharing promotional content with a rinse and repeat cycle: original blogs 2-4 times per account per day, twice a week for the first 90 day's thereafter then 3-5 times per quarter. Remember, these people are distracted (see: smartphones in hand). Repetition is needed.
Social media content evaporates quickly. If you have a savvy, educated staff that can and wants to write sterling content then use an Editorial Calendar (that's a link to an open download) for scheduling and organization of content marketing activities.
Great content trumps all forms of media: social, advertising, viral videos, staff selfies, ESPN replays, etc. Go to market with incremental content via your staff and syndicate and publish the hell out of it. That's where and how economies of scale tip in your favor.
Nothing Wrong with Starting Ugly - Blow Back from your Staff, Who is on First Issues & Why are We Doing this Again?
Don't over manage this process. Start "ugly" and build out from there. That's not to say if your a public company you can go all in on social media and ignore the lawyers. Don't do that.
Start slow (our mantra is iteration) for a month or two then dig into your analytics and understand if the lights are coming on via some of the staff's hard work.
If nothings working then call an all hands (real world or virtual if need be) and have someone take notes and then distill this shared strategy and start over.
Coyotes are Born Survivors for Good Reasons: they pick their battles carefully (you should too)
Social media platforms are all moving to "pay to play" models. See: publicly held or "talking to investment bankers."
Nothing wrong with their generating revenue. But, know your channel selection(s) are very important and the digital infrastructure under you will change moving forward.
Be mindful of these caveats below and adjust your marketing strategy moving accordingly.
Be a moving target. Nimble brands do much better than static organizations.
Rule #1: "you gotta feed the beast" - yesterday's content is in the rear view mirror and disappearing at warp speed.
Social traffic is not all about "hard" data ROI measurement via analytics or other data driven tools. Consumer sharing and recommendations can drive significant brand value too.
You don't own your content on social platforms: you're homesteading. But, "rent" is cheap if you are doing a great job right? (Traction, shares, comments, traffic, incremental revenue.)
Expect the lines to get more blurred for "paid" vs. organic content costs moving forward.
Understand what your competitors are doing right and wrong and adjust your marketing strategy accordingly.  Don't mirror them; many are lost in the desert.
If you are not publishing content across the social web aggressively you are not going to get heard.
Critical Takeaways
Brand ambassadors are hard to find, even on your own staff and creativity via social media is inherently not a rote process.
Again, expect to mentor and train your staff early on.
Sell, Motivate and Measure Your Team's Social Activities
A heavy handed "we want to see everyone on Facebook" email blast will probably not be a good thing for your staff.
Most of them are working an ungodly amount of hours and you may be adding to the workload.
Analyze your inbound traffic with Google and adjust your strategy based on traffic, bounce rates and conversions.
Thriving on the borders can be a good thing.

Kickstart Your Week with a Happiness Regimenreddit
Good habits are known to increase overall wellbeing and happiness; whether it's engaging in exercise, meditation, or eating well, there are still days you may not feel jovial or serene. Everyone could benefit from jump starting their day with a healthy dose of happiness. As silly as it sounds, focusing on the simple fact that you're alive and breathing can prompt joyousness. While this might sound pollyanna-ish, there's truth to the idea that 'simple pleasures are the best'. Too often we base our happiness on events outside of our control, unattainable physical prowess, interactions with others and material possessions that we can't acquire. If we base our happiness on what others do for us or on an event or occurrence that we expect will bring us happiness, we may inadvertently miss out on feeling joyful. Here are some easy ways to increase your happiness that don't require anyone else's input.
Wake Up and Focus On What You Have Going For You
• Say outloud something that you're supremely grateful for... try doing this at least three times per day (morning, noon and evening and before going to bed)
• Read, think or look at something funny at the beginning of your day to start your day off laughing. Laughing out loud is underrated.  You don't need to wait for a night at a comedy club or with that person who makes you laugh all the time. Find something funny online or even on Facebook. There are so many zany people out there who post wholesome, funny material. Once you find a few of those people, follow them online so you can regularly tap into their humor and awaken your joyous self.
• Realize that you were given the ability to breathe! It's really a miracle to breathe on our own. No one else is required to help you do this and as long as you're not on a breathing machine, (which in itself is amazing) you have the possibility of doing something worthwhile with your life. If you can breathe, there are infinite things you can do with your time. Next, ponder how amazing it is that you have a mind and can think, eyes that can see and a mouth plus vocal chords to speak.  These physical capacities are absolutely mind-blowing with the potential they all have for instigating and perpetuating joy in others and ours lives.
• Watch, listen to or read something that inspires you.  Seek out people who've overcome a struggle or someone whose message is positive and uplifting. Read the book Unbroken: A World War 11 Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. It is a true story of daring, defiance, persistence, ingenuity, and the ferocious will of a man who refused to be broken. It's hard to believe people who have been through so much suffering and trauma could be so incredibly positive and uplifting to listen to.  When you hear someone who has found something positive from a tragedy you can't help but feeling humbled and inspired to feel appreciative for the small things (and big things) that are most important in life that we have and sometimes overlook.
• Read something that educates you on a topic that matters to you and awakens your desire to learn more.  When you learn something new on a topic that matters to you it immediately triggers a happiness button.  You can actually feel empowered and invigorated when you increase your knowledge.
• Find a way to apply this new knowledge to help someone else.
• Create an action plan for the day. Delineate your goals for the day for being productive with your time and include at least one thing you'll do for yourself and one thing that you'll do for someone else. No strings attached.
• Practice giving others the benefit of the doubt who offended you or did something you disapprove of.
• Forgive someone who hurt you who did not ask for forgiveness. This is the most difficult to comprehend and yet one of the most freeing experiences. It allows you to let go of anger that eats away at you and use that energy for other activity.
Many say that true happiness comes from realizing the miracle of being alive and from seeing that everything that is in our life is meant to be there, including the challenges and difficulties we experience.  If we see every challenge that we have as an opportunity for personal growth and attempt to elevate the experience, we may be able to bring lasting joy from the experience. It may be another opportunity to build on our strengths, skills and perhaps on our giving to others. We may never be fully appreciated for the contributions we make, but could still feel uplifted knowing we've done something worthwhile with our time.
Take stock of what you have, notice small things that are going right, look for ways to laugh and things to laugh about, try to increase your knowledge, do something kind for yourself and for someone else everyday. This may awaken happiness deep within your soul. Do everything you can to make today a great and happy day.  Wishing you a happy tomorrow!
View the original post here .
Follow Beth Kuhel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BethKuhel
More:

Standing Up For What We Believe in Is a Little Like Streakingreddit
Courage has many faces.
I'm speaking about personal courage, staring honesty in the face and the boldness to stand up for what we believe.
We have numerous opportunities each day to act on those moments; to step up and really be honest and affirmative for what we believe. Often we stay silent, leave it for another day because it's easier. But those moments, they add up, and silence erodes impact and our self worth. But the bold courage to speak, to stand up - that builds, that creates impact.
I read this on Twitter the other day:
"When you say something honest and hard and important to you: it should feel a little like streaking."
Definitely. Because every time we do it, we are baring ourselves, leading with vulnerability. But its worth it. As destructive as dissembling and deflection can be, the courage to put yourself out there delivers in spades!
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Chennai-born IITian to oversee Google s major products1 month 12 days ago, ET NOW
Indian origin Sundar Pichai made in charge of Google's major products
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Happy New Year  box office collections fly  but Shah Rukh Khan down in the dumpsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal block e-auction to start soonThe Centre will start e-auction of coal blocks soon, Coal Secretary S. K. Srivastava said here on Monday.
“It will be a successful and comprehensive model,” he said.
To a question on the situation arising out of cancellation of coal blocks, he said the government was trying to resolve problems brought about by internal and external situations. “The government knows that the basic way to resolve the issue is to auction as fast as possible”, he said.
Mr. Srivastava, who was here to launch a pilot for computerised provident fund accounts for coal mine workers, said the e-auction would provide one-time opportunity to interested parties. While he declined to provide any timeline, there are reports that bidding for the de-allocated blocks could be done by December. “The ordinance promulgated by the government takes care of all aspects,” Mr. Srivastava said.
On the issue of penalty, he said as of now there were no indications that the government would file any review petitions on the penalty aspect. “There is little scope,” he observed.
It may be mentioned that apex industry bodies such as the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India has stressed the need for early auction of the 204 cancelled coal blocks so that the existing end-use plants will not be adversely affected.
He said the Coal Mines (Special Provsions) Ordinance provided for “a lot of things, covering all aspects.”

HUL Q2 net up 8.13% at Rs. 988.16 croreUpdated: October 27, 2014 23:58 IST
HUL Q2 profit up 8 %
Special Correspondent
consumer goods
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth
Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) reported net profit of Rs.988 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, as compared to Rs.914 crore in the same period in the previous year up 8 per cent.
During the period net sales increased to Rs. 7,466 crore as compared to Rs. 6,747 crore in the same period last year.
The directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs. 6 per equity share (face value of Re 1 each) for the year ending March 31, 2015.
The company’s top management said, during the quarter, the operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories. Brand investments were sustained at competitive levels across segments.
The impact of rise in input cost continued to be felt during the quarter through higher consumption costs although commodity prices softened towards the end of the quarter, they said.
“In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations has helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins. The consistency of our performance is a reflection of the discipline and rigor with which we are executing our strategy. We will continue to manage our business dynamically for sustained competitive and profitable growth,” said Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL at a press conference.
During the quarter, the company’s domestic consumer sales grew by 10 per cent ahead of the market which was in negative.
The company reported volume growth of five per cent despite the tight market conditions.
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth while in skin care Fair and Lovely and Ponds delivered volume-led double digit growth. In beverages, coffee registered double digit growth. Similarly, the company’s packaged foods and water business also reported double digit growth.
Answering a question on whether market conditions have improved after change in government, HUL Managing Director and CEO Sanjiv Mehta said: “It is too early and we are yet to see clear emerging trend.”
Supplementing this Mr. Manwani said: “We would like to see volume growth but we don’t know what the market is going to be.”
E-commerce strategy
Meanwhile, HUL is also working on its e-commerce strategy. “Globally we recognise that we need to create capabilities in our organisation in e-commerce to be future ready. We have a global dedicated team which is working to bring the best practices in e-commerce and we want to work with our lead partners in this format which can be transformational,” said Mr Manwani.
HUL shares closed with a loss of 4.8 per cent at Rs. 721.90 on the BSE.

Mobile tariffs may go up after next spectrum auctionNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 17:24 IST
Mobile tariffs may go up after next spectrum auction
IANS
telecommunication service
Mobile tariffs are likely to go up after the airwave auction due in Feb 2015 as the industry is reeling under debt, telecom industry body Cellular Operators’ Association of India (COAI) said.
“The debt burden in the sector is huge. It is already around Rs. 250,000 crore and a part of it accrued after the last spectrum auction in Feb 2014. If the airwaves are sold in the upcoming auction in Feb 2015 at the reserve price mentioned by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), then there will be additional debt burden of Rs.40,000-50,000 crore on the telecom sector,” Rajan S. Mathews, director general, COAI told IANS.
“This cost will have to be borne by the consumers finally,” he added.
He said the tariff “will surely go up” but it is difficult to give an estimate by what percentage the tariff may go up. The TRAI on Oct 15 recommended around 10 percent hike in the reserve price for 1800 MHz band spectrum auction over the last winning price in the February 2014 sale.
“In the 900 MHz band, only the spectrum held by them is available for the auction. These licensees will have to win back this spectrum to ensure business continuity in a licence service area (LSA); if they don’t, it places the large investment made in the LSAs in jeopardy,” the TRAI said earlier.
It has set a reserve price of Rs.3,004 crore per mega hertz for bandwidth to be auctioned in 18 service areas for the more efficient 900 Mhz band and Rs.2,138 crore per mega hertz for the 1800 Mhz band.
In the 1800 MHz band, 20 circles are going for auction, while in the 900 Mhz band, 18 circles will be up for sale.
TRAI said: “1.2 MHz spectrum in 900 MHz band should be taken back from BSNL from all the LSAs where licences expire in 2015-16 except in Punjab.”
The revenue target set by the government in 2014-15 Budget from spectrum auction is Rs.45,471 crore. In 2013-14, the auction generated Rs.40,847 crore.
In Feb 2014, in a 10-day auction of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, the government mopped up Rs.61,162 crore.

Syndicate Bank launches two new schemesUpdated: October 27, 2014 18:24 IST
Syndicate Bank launches two new schemes
N. Ravi Kumar
Tweet
Focused on women entrepreneurs and home loans for EWS
A scheme offering loans at concessional rate of interest to women entrepreneurs and a home loan for people belonging to the economically weaker section (EWS) have been launched by Syndicate Bank.
The two schemes were launched to commemorate the foundation day, Syndicate Bank said on Monday. Under ‘SyndMahilaShakthi’, loans to women entrepreneurs will be for setting up units/business and also for those upgrading existing units/business. The loan is also towards meeting working capital limits for both existing and new units.
A maximum loan of up to Rs. 5 crore will be provided at concessional rate of interest. Base rate (presently 10.25 per cent) will apply for loans up to Rs. 10 lakh and no collateral security will be insisted upon. For loans above Rs. 10 lakh, a 0.25 per cent concession on the applicable rate of interest will be provided. No processing and documentation charges will be levied.
‘SyndKuteer’ is a home loan for EWS and low income group (LIG) whose annual income does not exceed Rs. 2 lakh per annum. While EWS applicants are eligible for housing loans up to Rs. 5 lakh, the maximum loan those in the LIG category would get is Rs. 10 lakh. The loan is sanctioned at base rate and no surety is required. There are no processing, documentation and mortgage charges and the legal charges would be borne by the Bank. The loan can be repaid in a maximum period of 30 years.

Black money: Will name those with prosecutable case  says FMArun Jaitley
(Promising to disclose more…)
NEW DELHI: Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion through offshore accounts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, amid the Congress asking for disclosure of all names of black money holders.
"We will disclose only those names against whom we have prosecutable evidence," he told reporters.
His remark comes hours after the government disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names, including that of Pradip Burman, one of Dabur India promoters, a bullion trader and a Goa miner against whom it has started prosecution for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Promising to disclose more names of black money holders who have come under the scanner, the government said that all foreign bank accounts cannot be termed as "illegal".
Earlier, Congress leader Digvijay Singh attacked Jaitley for his comments that Congress would be embarrassed when all names of those who stashed money abroad were made public.
Terming Jaitley's remarks as "mischievous", Singh said: "If he (Jaitley) has guts, he should reveal those names." He said if any Congress member is found to have stashed money abroad illegally, the party would "punish" the person.
Another Congress leader and a former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said the party has no problem if all names are put out in public domain.
Jaitley had earlier said the government would not be pushed into an act of adventurism and jeopardise the chances of getting cooperation of other countries in future.
The NDA government's approach on black money, he had asserted, "is doggedly persistent, not adventurist."
He had also blamed the agreement entered into by the Congress government with Germany in 1995 as a constraining factor in disclosing details of black money stashed abroad.
In the run-up to Parliamentary polls, BJP had promised to bring back black money kept by Indians in overseas banks while targeting the UPA government for not taking effective action on the issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The 10 most beautiful bicyclesEvolution of Design | 21 August 2014
The 10 most beautiful bicycles
By  Autos Editors
Read more about these links.
Wheels of change
According to the Earth Policy Institute, a US-based environmental advocacy group, bicycle production quadrupled between 1950 and 2007. During the same period, car production merely doubled. It's a trend that continues to this day, accelerated by rising fuel prices and urban congestion. And during the last 10 years, the bicycle has enjoyed something of a renaissance, thanks to ever-greater availability of lightweight materials, advanced safety and comfort features, and electric-motor-assist systems.Bicycles are becoming more beautiful, too. Small manufacturers, custom shops and independent designers are reinventing the humble two-wheeler with cutting-edge shapes and technologies. Herewith, we pick 10 of our favourites. (Photo: Cykno electric cycle, courtesy of Engeenius)
BSG Wood.b Duomatic
Country of origin: France
Details: French bikemaker BSG’s Wood.b line of cycles combine metal pieces with structural components made of exposed ash plywood. The finished product – which is every bit as pricey as it looks – seems closer to art than machinery. Don't be fooled: BSG’s frame promises exceptional durability, and the use of painted aluminium components keeps weight to a manageable 35lbs. This beauty is a beast.
Price: €3190 (about $4230)
Pashley Parabike
Country of origin: UK
Details: Bikemaker Pashley, which has been in business since the days of King George V, is known for its classically styled, eminently English cycles – bikes with Brooks sprung saddles and ding-dong bells and big wicker baskets. Pashley's new Parabike mines British history, as well, albeit a less genteel chapter of it. The cycle recalls a WWII-era two-wheeler called the Airborne bicycle, which was carried into occupied France by British paratroopers. Pashley's version, while not designed with skydiving in mind (the original featured a folding frame that strapped to the 'trooper's body), is a classic in its own right, with a bowed multi-tube frame that is at once nostalgic and forward-thinking.
Price: £545 (about $900)
Vanmoof S Series
Country of origin: Netherlands
Details: Amsterdam's Vanmoof has been colonising the gallery districts of major world capitals since 2009, winning aesthetes over with its bikes' Tinker Toy-like forms, tough materials and emphatically Dutch brand of sprezzatura. The S Series commuter bike builds on the no-frills original cycle without cluttering up the works. An eight-speed Shimano internal hub helps a rider handle hills, while disc brakes provide the stopping power of far more sophisticated – and far pricier – road bikes.
Price: $1,048 (S3 model, 28in wheel)
Donky Bike
Country of origin: UK
Details: The Donky Bike is a nontraditional beauty, to be sure, a bike that prioritises strength, simplicity and urban maneuverability over sensual lines or luxurious trappings. The cycle – which was nominated for a Design of the Year award by London's Design Museum – is BMX-inspired, with tough 20in wheels and a stocky frame bisected by a load-bearing steel beam, upon which are mounted front and rear cargo racks. It's a devoted hauler, but unlike traditional cargo bikes, which can stretch 8 feet or more end to end, the Donky is compact enough to park in the front hallway of a typical city flat.
Price: £499 (about $830)
Viks Steel Urban Cycle
Country of origin: Estonia
Details: It was just a matter of time. Given single-speed cyclists' pathological fixation with minimalism, Estonia's Velonia – a boutique studio founded and manned by Indrek Narusk – has lopped off the seat tube right where it stood. The resulting bicycle, the Viks, is a noodly abstraction fashioned from just two steel tubes, joined at the head tube below the handlebar. Shown above in "Lamborghini Orange" powdercoat, a Viks can be configured for either fixed or freewheel riding, although Narusk cautions that handlebar-mounted brakes are a tricky fit, given the bar's unusual 30mm diameter. Best to go brakeless, in other words.
Price: Contingent on build specification.
GreenChamp Original
Country of origin: Singapore
Details: Youth, said George Bernard Shaw, is wasted on the young. So is this simply beautiful bamboo balance bike, made by Kickstarter-funded GreenChamp. For the uninitiated, a balance bike is a pedal-less two-wheeler intended to teach riding skills more effectively than that traditional staple of childhood, the tricycle. Beyond such worthy considerations as sustainability and carbon footprint, the GreenChamp Original is a triumph of design. Bamboo fibres are infused with honey (yes, honey) to prevent cracking, and the tubes feature dual-wall construction for maximal rigidity. To be young again...
Price: $165
Cherubim HummingBird
Country of origin: Japan
Details: Supplier to the Japanese national cycling team at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City, Cherubim has pride and provenance to spare. Its legacy of steel-frame sculpture is now carried forward by Shinichi Konno, son of company founder Hitoshi Konno. With a taste for retro-tinged velodrome machines that take daring detours – the HummingBird build above forgoes a traditional seat tube and arches its back precariously over the rear wheel – it is safe to assume Shinichi-san is not eyeing Olympic glory. He must content himself knowing that he builds what are widely regarded as the most beautiful bikes in the world.
Price: N/A
Faraday Porteur
Country of origin: US
Details: Electric bicycle builders are getting wise to housing unsightly batteries and motors out of view, yet few builders hide these pedal-power supplements as deftly as Faraday. Based in the cycling mecca of Portland, Oregon, Faraday builds its Porteur utility bikes with lithium-ion batteries packed inside the frame tubes, preserving the cycle's clean, collegiate lines. Up to 15 miles (24km) of electric assist is available at the push of a button, and light-sensing LEDs begin to blink at sunset. Up front, an optional integrated rack is ready to lug the groceries, books and well-cultivated smugness of the lucky rider.
Price: $3,500
Engeenius Cykno
Country of origin: Italy
Details: Never mind the price tag, which is greater than a new Alfa Romeo MiTo: There is nothing sensible about the Cykno electric-assist two-wheeler. This Italian beauty features a monocoque frame, front forks and 26-inch radial-spoke wheels made of carbon fibre composite, which, despite an array of electric-drive hardware, keeps weight to a not-unwieldy 57lbs. The Cykno's leather-wrapped centre section contains a 250- or 500-watt electric motor, a lithium-polymer battery pack and an on-board charger with cable. Full charge from a standard household outlet takes four hours, and the Cykno will cruise in pedal-assist mode for a generous 37 miles – perfect for a long day of Roman roamin'.
Price: $22,000 (est)
World Bicycle Relief Buffalo
Country of origin: Angola/Kenya/South Africa/Zambia/Zimbabwe
Details: To many eyes, the bike you see here is, well, just a bike. But to millions of people across Africa who rely on pedal power to move themselves, their families and their goods, the Buffalo is very beautiful, indeed. The brainchild of the US-based charity World Bicycle Relief, the Buffalo is assembled by trained local workers at facilities in several African nations. From there, the bikes are donated to non-governmental organisations or sold to consumers across the continent. Its prim look, intended to recall classic British touring bikes, belies genuine brawn. Like its bovine namesake, the Buffalo bike is built for the rigors of African use – heavy loads, rough terrain and infrequent maintenance (each one includes a small tool kit and a tire pump).
Price: $150 (est)
*Bonus* The Aeolian Ride
Country of origin: US
Details: Created in 2004 by New York-based multimedia artist Jessica Findley as a response to the destruction wrought in Lower Manhattan three years prior, the Aeolian Ride renders every bicycle, no matter how dilapidated, beautiful. Riders don hoods of Findley's design, which inflate as wind passes through them. The sight of Aeolian riders at night (the name is an allusion to the Greek god of the four winds), their hoods illuminated from within, is at once spectral and cartoonish. Since the inaugural ride, events have taken place in Rio de Janiero, Milan, Hong Kong and Los Angeles, as well as in smaller cities such as Halifax, Nova Scotia, and Bremen, Germany.
Price: Free

Space Station Dodging Junk From Old SatelliteThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Restitution law: Interesting and useful to the few who understand itComments
By Ward Farnsworth (guest-blogging) October 27
Eugene has kindly invited me to blog a bit this week about a new book I’ve written on the law of restitution — a little-studied area of law that every litigator should understand, because it can lead to high-stakes recoveries. If you’re not involved in litigation but you find law interesting, you are likely to find restitution interesting, too. It is full of fascinating puzzles.
Consider what the following three episodes have in common. (a) I steal a hundred dollars from you, bet it at a casino, and win $100,000. Can you collect the $100,000? (b) You pay a judge to secure a favorable result in your case, he doesn’t do what he promised, and you want your money back. Can you get it? (c) I watch you mistakenly build a house on my land, which you think is yours; then I thank you for your generosity and start moving in. Can I get away with it?
To most lawyers and law students these vignettes look unrelated. The first seems to involve a crime or tort, the second a case perhaps from the law of contract, and the third a problem for discussion in a course on property law. But in fact they all are cases where your best bet is a restitution claim. (“Best bet” might seem too strong to describe your prospects for recovery from the judge; but if the payment was his idea, so that it might be described as extortion, your restitution claim is likely a good one.)
Restitution is the mirror image of tort law. You sue in tort to recover for losses that you have suffered. You bring a restitution claim to recover gains that another party has obtained. In some cases it makes no difference which claim you bring, because your losses and the other side’s gains are the same. Or you might prefer a tort claim because your losses are bigger than the defendant’s gains, as usually is true when you suffer damage in an accident. But sometimes going after the defendant’s gains will allow a much bigger recovery, or is the plaintiff’s only way to recover at all.
Restitution is the great overlooked topic in American private law. In this country most students can’t learn about it even if they want to; few schools teach the subject. Students only hear about restitution as the name of an occasional remedy in contract cases. But restitution is the name of a claim, not just a remedy. So lawyers often overlook restitution and sometimes try to use tort and contract to solve problems that restitution law would handle better. Missing or misunderstanding the right to go after a defendant’s gains can be a very expensive oversight. And for the general student of the legal system, you are missing out on some lively fun if you don’t understand how gain-based recoveries work.
Tomorrow I’ll come back to one of those problems mentioned at the start of this entry, and some others.

Heres what happens to your body when you dieBy Rachel Feltman October 27 Follow @rachelfeltman
Even after you depart, there's a lot of chemistry that still goes on inside you. The American Chemical Society and mortician Caitlin Doughty teamed up to explain. (Reactions/American Chemical Society via YouTube)
Just in time for Halloween, it's time to talk about death. The American Chemical Society has a great video (above) on the chemical processes that distinguish the dead from the living.
Cellular death is probably the grossest (but also the most interesting) part of the process: Without oxygen, your cells lose their steam. The so-called powerhouse of the cell, the mitochondria, is usually churning out a chemical called adenosine triphosphate (ATP). But oxygen is a vital component in ATP's production, so your cells' power centers will quit not long after your lungs do.
It's the death and inevitable breakdown of these cells that make your body look cozy to a whole host of new bacteria. And as those bacteria chow down on the remains of your cells, they spit out their own waste — producing the sights and smells of decomposition.
Putrescine and cadaverine are the two compounds associated with corpse smell. Unfortunately, bacteria can also make these compounds show up in the body fluids of living humans  — so if you ever think you reek like the dead, you might want to see your doctor.
If your morbid curiosity is still unsatisfied, you should check out Smoke Gets In Your Eyes , YouTube-famous mortician Caitlin Doughty's new book about working with the dead. You can read a sample online, but fair warning: It's from a chapter dealing with the death of small children.
For a broader take on the posthumous activities your body might partake in, take a look at Stiff. The 2003 book by Mary Roach takes a sweeping look at everything from cadaver farms, where donated bodies rot slowly outside in the name of science, to the use of human bodies as crash-test dummies.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Telangana govt holds meeting with pipe manufacturersTelangana govt holds meeting with pipe manufacturers
BJP only  government to take charge in Maharashtra: leaderBJP only  government to take charge in Maharashtra: leader
Woman and infant son from TN killed by electrocutionWoman and infant son from TN killed by electrocution
Women BJP workers organise cleanliness campaign across IndiaWomen BJP workers organise cleanliness campaign across India
BCT to organise Karthika Pournima Harathi on Nov. 6Updated: October 27, 2014 23:57 IST
BCT to organise ‘Karthika Pournima Harathi’ on Nov. 6
Special Correspondent
Tweet
Former DGP K. Aravinda Rao addressing media conference on behalf of Buddhavarapu Charitable Trust (BCT) on Monday in Rajahmundry on conducting Godavari Haarati Utsav on 6 November. Photo-S. Rambabu
Buddhavarapu Charitable Trust (BCT), which is conducting ‘Godavari Harathi’ on every full-moon day (Pournima) on the banks of the Godavari river on the lines of ‘Ganga Harathi,’ is going to conduct Karthika Pournima Harathi on November 6 in a grand manner this year also.
Announcing this in a press conference, BCT chairman and director S.N. Kumar and Raja said that this was the fifth consecutive year they were conducting the ‘Godavari Harathi’ and the Trust has decided urge the State government to take up ‘Godavari Prakshalan’ on the same way as ‘Ganga Prakshalan’ taken up by the Centre. They said that they have prepared a master plan . “Cleansing the river Ganga has taken up after it was completely polluted. But, we have to take up Godavari Prakshalan at an early stage,” Mr. Kumar said.
Mr. Raja said that on November 6, they were going to arrange a photo, painting exhibition on temples, endowments, tourism, language, culture, agriculture and other traditions along the river Godavari at Pushkara Ghat — the main venue of the Harathi Utsav. He also said that on the same evening, “Big Debate on Clean Godavari” will be held by Journalist Radhakrishna (R.K) of a private T.V. Channel, Pledge by people of Rajahmundry including a large number of students, Ganesh Nrityam by Nrityamala Academy, Hyderabad and Music concert by Bombay Sisters, Chennai. Former DGP K. Aravinda Rao said that he would participate in cleansing Godavari and other programmes and stressed the need to protect the greenery and ecological balance, which our Vedas and Puranas already told. Literary personality Salaka Raghunatha Sarma also participated.

http://usat.ly/1FQwRfJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Barra: Recall costs to trim 2015 GM profit-sharing checks
DETROIT — General Motors' hourly workers could get smaller profit-sharing checks next year, CEO Mary Barra said Monday, just as the automaker prepares to head into contract talks with the UAW.
Post to Facebook
Barra: Recall costs to trim 2015 GM profit-sharing checks DETROIT — General Motors' hourly workers could get smaller profit-sharing checks next year, CEO Mary Barra said Monday, just as the automaker prepares to head into contract talks with the UAW. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tZAw7C
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Barra: Recall costs to trim 2015 GM profit-sharing checks
Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press 1:06 p.m. EDT October 27, 2014
General Motor's CEO Mary Barra talks with the editorial board of the Detroit Free Press in Detroit on Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. She said the automaker's hourly workers could get smaller profit-sharing checks next year.
(Photo: Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press)
3 CONNECT 13 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT — General Motors' hourly workers could get smaller profit-sharing checks next year, CEO Mary Barra said Monday, just as the automaker prepares to head into contract talks with the UAW.
Barra said the charges the automaker has taken to cover recall costs will be part of the profit-sharing formula that will determine the company's profit-sharing checks.
GM has recorded more than $2.5 billion this year in costs related to the recall of cars with potentially defective ignition switches and other recalls. There was no recall-related charge in the third quarter.
According to GM's 2011 contract with the UAW, profit sharing is based on the profits made by its North American division.
"If you look at the equation, (recall costs) do have an effect," Barra told the Detroit Free Press.

Squawk Alley re-cap: Chains fighting the futuresquawk alley re-cap: chains fighting the future
Rousseff re-elected Brazil prez  pledges big changesRousseff re-elected Brazil prez  pledges big changes
10 Bizarre Ebola  Products  People Are Actually Trying To Sell On The Internetreddit
Anytime Americans start to panic, you safely assume the opportunistic among us will concoct some creative ways to exploit the fear to their own financial benefit.  And when it comes to the most recent Ebola panic, people are getting particularly creative.
And yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
For example, you can now purchase an "Ebola Personal Protection Suit."

Asset quality review: check the fine print© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ad38565e-5d0e-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra Govt swearing-in on Oct 31regional elections
The new leader is expected to meet Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao and stake claim to form the govt.
The new BJP government in Maharashtra will be sworn in on October 31, party sources said here on Monday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the ceremony to be held at Wankhede stadium in south Mumbai, sources said.
BJP’s legislature party leader will be elected on Tuesday at a meeting here.
The new leader is expected to meet Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao and stake claim to form the government. There is no clarity yet on when the meeting with Governor would take place.
BJP’s central observer Rajnath Singh will be present at the legislators’ meeting along with party leaders J.P. Nadda, Om Prakash Mathur and Rajiv Pratap Rudy.

Brazilian real slides after Rousseff winAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Birbhum: Two killed in clash between TMC and BJPComments
Three people were killed as a village in Birbhum district in Bengal turned into a battlefield on Monday, as Trinamool Congress and BJP supporters clashed openly with muskets and bombs. 
Several others were injured in the clash at Marka village, which went on for close to three hours.
The deceased have been identified as Sheikh Suleman (45), Sheikh Tausif Ali (17) and Sheikh Mozammel (50). Suleman and Mozammel are reportedly TMC supporters, BJP has claimed Tausif is their supporter.
Significantly, the incident took place within Panrui police station limits, where on October 24, the police station officer in-charge was attacked with bombs.
“Trinamool men gathered a huge cache of arms and ammunition and goons from outside to capture our village. My brother was hit with a bullet in his stomach. He bled profusely and died on the spot,” said Sheikh Asif Ali, Tausif’s elder brother. Asif, himself suffered bullet injuries.
“The 10 to 15 people who had left the village came back with outsiders to launch an attack. They are Trinamool supporters,” claimed Tausif’s father. 
The police reached the spot soon after but retreated, as a section of the villagers hurled bombs targeting the police vehicle. Firing continued even as more forces from neighbouring Koirashole, Ilambazar, Bolpur and Suri police stations gathered at the site.
“Keeping in mind the attack on OC Panrui on October 24, we did not take any risk on Monday, as the villagers and armed outsiders had outnumbered us,” a police officer said.
“We went to the village, but could not enter as we were outnumbered by outsiders who were carrying arms and explosives,” said Ananda Roy, additional police super of Birbhum.
Locals alleged the village went under BJP’s control since the Lok Sabha polls. Some Trinamool supporters fled the village about a month ago. On Monday, the men, including Sheikh Mozammel and his brother, Sheikh Enamul, returned to the village and were confronted by BJP supporters. Suleman was also with them.
“We did not attack anyone. The BJP attacked our men and killed Sheikh Suleman, who is our active member,” claimed Birbhum district Trinamool president Anubrata Mondal.
Watch video: Three killed as BJP and TMC workers clash in West Bengal's Birbhum

The Symbolic Politics of Climate Diplomacyreddit
Last week, the European Union began the process of setting the agenda for the climate negotiations scheduled for Paris in late 2015. They agreed that by 2030 Europe would cut emissions by 40 percent from 1990 levels. Writing in the New York Times , James Kanter reported that environmental advocates believed the agreement:
...amounted to a weak compromise reflecting the complexity of managing a bloc of 28 member nations with widely varying energy systems. Elements of the deal were watered down to account for countries like Poland that rely on carbon-heavy coal, and for countries like Britain that were unwilling to accept binding targets on such other measures as the percentage of energy that comes from renewable sources and energy efficiency.
As diverse as Europe might be, they are quite homogeneous when compared to the rest of the world. Since China and India emit far more greenhouse gases than Europe and have a great deal of energy-dependent economic development ahead of them, their need for new sources of energy will make the Paris talks an exercise in futility.
As always, these talks will focus the world's attention on the climate crisis, but the fundamental difference in national interest between developing and developed nations makes a meaningful deal impossible. The opportunity for public education and social learning is an important result of the media's focus on these meetings, and so they have an important role to play. Unfortunately, disappointment, frustration and finger-pointing are also inevitable, as is that strong sense of déjà vu that I always get when observing climate diplomacy.
Given their weak record of success, I continue to wonder why so much time and effort is devoted to these ineffectual talks. I can only assume that there is some political benefit to elected leaders that participate in climate negotiations. I suppose there is the inevitable photo-op of the leaders discussing the state of play with overly caffeinated staff who have negotiated arcane and meaningless treaty provisions well into the evening. Elected leaders are also able to demonstrate that they did the "best they could do" -- whatever "best" might mean. In my view, these negotiations are exercises in political symbolism: they give the appearance of being substantive, but little happens. You might equate this type of policy process to a crustless pie with a tasteless filler.
As long as nation-states have distinctly different levels of energy-dependent economic development, and their self-interests are so varied, there is really no basis for the mutuality of interest required for a meaningful treaty. This is not to say there is no hope of addressing the climate crisis, just that the conditions for effective global diplomacy do not seem to be present.
The actions that will address the climate crisis will largely take place within nation-states, and for reasons that are only indirectly related to climate change. In China, the extreme dependence on coal for energy was a necessity if that country was to develop as quickly as it wanted and needed to develop. But the result has been some of the worst air quality in modern history. China's air quality crisis is similar to America's at the time we enacted national ambient air quality standards in 1970. In many respects, it is worse than the air pollution we experienced. A massive national effort to reduce air pollution is inevitable in China. That will require reductions in the use of coal as a primary fuel. The coming reduction in air pollution may well have the side-effect of reducing the projected growth of greenhouse gases in China.
Here in the United States, a large number of cities, corporations and non-profit institutions are moving to increase their use of renewable energy and are taking steps to make their buildings and vehicles more energy-efficient. Some of this is driven by an effort to reduce costs and make energy systems less centralized and more resilient. As technologies advance in information, communications, and manufacturing, energy stands out as an old-fashioned, highly centralized, technological backwater, ripe for innovation and cost reduction. We are hearing more boardroom discussion of smart grid technologies, distributed generation of energy, energy efficiency and innovative models of financing renewable energy systems. Efforts to improve energy efficiency are increasingly common in cities, companies, universities and hospitals. One of the most effective ways of reducing the cost of cloud computing is to reduce the amount of energy used to run and cool data server farms.
These efforts to modernize the American energy system -- to reduce costs and increase reliability and resiliency -- have the effect of reducing fossil fuel use and the release of greenhouse gases. While "reducing our carbon footprint" is often given as one of the rationales for these actions, in truth, these carbon reductions are a byproduct of the accomplishment of other goals.
I am coming to the conclusion that the climate problem will be addressed indirectly, largely by modernizing our energy system. The positive value of a lower cost, renewable, less polluting, more reliable and decentralized energy system is an easier sell than the negative politics of carbon reduction. One argument focuses on what we get, the other on what we must give up. It's not hard to figure out which argument is more attractive to politicos.
At the risk of redundancy, I'll repeat my basic analysis of the politics of climate change and the American policy direction I consider feasible:
Energy is the central element of economic growth in the developed and developing world. The drive for reliable, low-cost and plentiful energy is central to modern economic life.
Economic growth is required for political stability and, therefore, energy is required for political stability and for political regimes to remain in power.
No national leader will risk economic decline by significantly raising the price of energy.
While short-term energy prices are volatile and can come down for a variety of reasons (such as fracking), fossil fuels are finite and therefore over the long run are subject to shortages and rising prices. Even in a global economy, some nations have easier access to fossil fuels than others.
It is in America's long-term national political and economic interest to develop a renewable alternative to fossil fuels.
An energy policy that created a low-priced, convenient and reliable alternative to fossil fuels could drive fossil fuels from the market, reduce energy prices, stimulate economic growth, increase the popularity of elected leaders and end the climate crisis.
One way to develop new renewable energy technology is to fund the basic science and applied engineering of energy production, transmission and storage, and to also fund the infrastructure needed to efficiently deliver this energy.
In other words, the climate crisis requires a technological fix, not a diplomatic one. When new transformative technologies are developed, there will be a role for diplomacy in ensuring effective transfer of this technology to the developing world. Diplomats can meet in Paris, Copenhagen, Rio, Kyoto, or even Brooklyn, to discuss how these new technologies can be financed in return for mothballing fossil fuel extraction and energy production facilities. At that point there will be shared national interest. Our private sector will want to export these technologies and our government will want to reduce the disruptive impact of climate change. The developing world will want to reduce their energy costs and air pollution by adopting new renewable energy technology. That would be a treaty worth negotiating. The symbolism, media frenzy and futility of today's climate talks could then be replaced by the kind of quiet deal making that engenders real change because it is based on mutual self-interest. But before opening up negotiations, we need to fund and open up more laboratories. That's where we'll find the answer to the climate crisis.
Follow Steven Cohen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StevenACohen
More:

Former UBS banker to lead Deutsche BrseKengeter to become chief executive at Deutsche Börse
Daniel Schäfer in London and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a062460-5dcc-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s GDP likely to grow by 5.6% in FY15: World BankIndia's GDP likely to grow by 5.6 per cent in FY15, says World Bank
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 06.53PM IST
Tags:
Denis Medvedev
('In the following years,…)
NEW DELHI: India's GDP is likely to expand by 5.6 per cent this fiscal as reforms gain momentum and the growth is expected to accelerate as proposed measures such as GST will give a boost to manufacturing sector, a World Bank report said today.
In the following years, the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth is likely to rise further to 6.4 per cent and 7 per cent in FY16 and FY17 respectively, it said.
"India's economic growth is expected to rise to 5.6 per cent in FY15, followed by further acceleration to 6.4 per cent and 7 per cent in FY 2016 and FY 2017," said the World Bank report titled 'India Development Update' released here.
India's growth is likely to accelerate towards its high long-run potential and implementation of GST as well as dismantling of inter-state check posts can significantly improve the global competitiveness of Indian manufacturing firms.
"Implementing the GST will transform India into a common market, eliminate inefficient tax cascading, and go a long way in boosting the manufacturing sector.
"The transformational impact of reform, particularly if enhanced by a systematic dismantling of inter-state check posts, can dramatically boost competitiveness and help offset both domestic and external risks to the outlook," said Denis Medvedev , Senior Country Economist, World Bank, India.
The incumbent government is positive on reforms and this is good, said Onno Ruhl , World Bank Country Director in India.
"With economic reforms gaining momentum, long-term prospects for growth remain bright for India. To realise its full potential, India needs to continue making progress on its domestic reforms agenda and encourage investments.
"The government's efforts at improving the performance of the manufacturing sector will lead to more jobs for young Indian women and men," said Ruhl.
Growth has rebounded significantly due to a strong industrial recovery. Capital flows are back, signalling growing investor confidence as inflation has moderated from double digits, exchange rate has stabilised and financial sector stress has plateaued, said the update.
FEATURED ARTICLES

(Process) Rules Are Made to Be BrokenBy Romolo Tavani, via ThinkStock
By Ruth Henderson, President & Co-Founder, Whiteboard Consulting Group Inc.
It's true. Rules are made to be broken. Even in the world of Process Improvement.
"Wait, what?" you ask. "But Ruth, process improvement is all about rules and statistics and doing things the same way every time, yada yada yada. You're contradicting the very foundation of what you teach!"
Ah, nothing is so black and white, grasshopper. Hear me out.
Process Improvement is Changing
In my process career I have witnessed and/or been part of many process improvement initiatives -- big, small, fully funded and supported, done "off the corner of a desk," successful, and unsuccessful.
The two things that made the difference between success and failure -- in addition to the usuals of effective communication, engagement, and senior management commitment -- were:
Early evidence that the new methods work and are worth the effort, and
The ability to be flexible and change your mind.
And this last one, flexibility, seems to be growing in importance. In fact, it also influences the first one - "evidence of success."
Traditional and, dare I say it, soon to become "old school" methodologies like Six Sigma and to some extent Lean, are based on strict methodologies that work really well in some organizations -- usually those in a manufacturing or highly repetitive/operational industry. In other industries, particularly serviced-based, these methods have a more difficult time taking root. It's not impossible, and there are many very successful examples - but it is harder.
It's OK to Change Your Mind - Just Don't Squirrel
When Nicole and I teach The Whiteboard Way to aspiring process-improvement practitioners, we are careful to point out the need to be flexible, and to change things along the way if they aren't working. The ability to do this is refreshing to people who are often nervous about adopting a new method, or taking on "this process stuff."
I recently did some strategic planning with a client -- he was a little nervous about planning tactics for goals that were 12-24 months out. "Things can change, Ruth," he said. And he was right. That's why it's important to have a plan and a process, and then if (when) things change you can make intentional decisions to veer away from or modify the plan. But, the modification is then intentional, not just because you saw a fun-looking squirrel and decided to run after it like the dog in the movie Up ( love this clip ). Some people do this so frequently, that Nicole and I actually use "squirrelling" as a verb.
In the Four Disciplines of Execution , Sean Covey stresses the importance of using and tracking lead measures -- those which you can influence and which drive the progress towards a goal - in the execution of a goal or strategy. His theory is that a "cadence of accountability" ensures that people develop the habit of reviewing their commitments and assessing whether those tactics (or lead measures) are making the progress they expected. If they're not, then they change the tactics and the things they measure until it has the desired result.
Combining traditional process improvement tools with modern theories about being flexible yet accountable is the new way to facilitate and teach process improvement in organizations. If done right, this approach will generate increased engagement and better results.
Ruth Henderson is one of the Founders of Whiteboard Consulting Group Inc., and an experienced blogger. You can read more blog posts at www.whiteboardconsulting.ca, or follow her on Twitter @whiteboardcons.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

India shouldn t complicate boundary issue: C...Arunachal Pradesh
(With India announcing the…)
BEIJING: With India announcing the construction of 54 new border posts in Arunachal Pradesh, China today cautioned India to refrain from taking any action that may "complicate or exaggerate" the boundary issue.
"China's position on China-India boundary question is consistent and clear. We are committed to finding a solution to the boundary question with the Indian side through friendly negotiation as soon as possible and working together to safeguard peace and tranquillity along the border," Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying said.
"Pending the final settlement of the boundary question, we hope that the Indian side could refrain from taking any action that may complicate or exaggerate the question," Hua said in an e-mail response to a PTI query about 54 new Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) force border outposts to be built along the Arunachal Pradesh border.
China claims Arunachal Pradesh as southern Tibet. China's reaction is a trifle different from its reaction on October 15 to the plans announced by Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju to build new roads along the boundary from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh to match China's infrastructure development.
"There is a dispute about the east part of the China- India border. Before final settlement is reached we hope that India will not take any action that may further complicate the situation," Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lei said earlier while reacting to the road proposal.
"We should jointly safeguard the peace and tranquillity of the border area and create favourable conditions for the final settlement of the border issue," he had said.
Subsequently, officials from India and China held the Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination (WMCC) meeting in New Delhi during which the two sides discussed a host of issues relating to the management of the boundary and maintaining of peace and tranquillity along the borders.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NSEL fraud: Government mulls revamp of FTIL ...Anjani Sinha
(As it tries to recover investors'…)
NEW DELHI: As it tries to recover investors' money in Rs 5,600-crore NSEL fraud, the government is considering a proposal to revamp the board of the crisis-hit exchange's parent firm, Financial Technologies (FTIL).
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which last week ordered merger of National Spot Exchange (NSEL) with FTIL, will also soon begin an exercise to re-assess the compensation amounts due to be paid to over 13,000 investors at NSEL.
Sources said the government is looking at the possibility of replacing the FTIL board, either fully or partially, to fast-track the recovery process and the subsequent repayment to the aggrieved investors.
These proposals are being considered after taking into account suggestions made by the commodity sector regulator FMC ( Forward Markets Commission ) and other government departments, sources said, but did not share further details.
This is the first time that the Ministry has invoked a clause in the Companies Act for a forced merger in the private sector due to "public interest", while a takeover of FTIL board, if it happens, would be the first such development since the Satyam case in 2009.
In Satyam matter, the scandal-hit IT firm was later sold to Tech Mahindra through a government-monitored auction.
Post merger, FTIL would take over all the liabilities of NSEL, including payments due to be paid to investors and others to help in repayment process.
Soon after the government's amalgamation order on October 21, FTIL had said in a brief statement that it "is taking appropriate steps in the matter in consultation with the legal Counsel of the company".
FTIL did not comment on the proposal for making changes to its board. The merger of NSEL with FTIL will itself fructify after taking into account submissions and objections, if any, by the shareholders and creditors of the two firms.
For assessing the compensation amount to be given to affected investors, a chartered accountant entity might be appointed soon by the government.
Sources close to the FTIL group, however, said that the present matter was different from the Satyam case on various counts. The erstwhile IT firm's promoter Ramalinga Raju had confessed to the regulator of his wrongdoings, while Jignesh Shah has been consistently denying any wrongdoing and the matter of his culpability was sub-judice.
The Ministry's decision comes more than a year after the payment scam at NSEL came into light in July 2013. The move has been initiated taking into consideration "essential public interest" as the exchange is "not left with any viable, sustainable business while FTIL has necessary resources to facilitate speedy recovery of dues".
So far, the crisis-hit spot exchange has managed to recover only little over Rs 360 crore dues from defaulters, a part of which has been disbursed and the rest is in an escrow account. Funds worth about Rs 5,300 crore are yet to be recovered for subsequent payment to affected investors.
In its draft order for the merger, the Ministry said it is of the considered opinion that the leveraged combined assets, capital and reserves for efficient administration and satisfactory settlement of rights and liabilities of stakeholders and creditors of NSEL would be in "essential public interest".
"Subject to provisions of law relating to limitation, any suit, prosecution, appeal or other legal proceedings which may be required to be filed against the dissolved company (NSEL) will be filed against the transferee company (FTIL)," the draft order said.
With regard to NSEL case, a charge-sheet has been filed by the Economic Offences Wing of the Mumbai Police against Jignesh Shah - the founder and managing director of FTIL.
Further, FTIL and related entities have come under the scanner of multiple agencies following the NSEL fiasco.
Shah also had to spend time in jail before he was granted bail, even as he and FTIL Group have denied any wrongdoing on their part in the NSEL case and have put the blame on former top executives of the spot exchange, including its then CEO Anjani Sinha .
Sources close to FTIL said that it might be wrong to take Satyam-like steps in NSEL case and the question of FTIL being held liable does not arise.
In Satyam case, promoters had confessed to siphoning-off funds, while money of clients in the NSEL case has been traced to 22 defaulters and not to NSEL, Shah or FTIL.
They also claimed that no major irregularities were found in Registrar of Companies inspection of FTIL books, neither the auditor found any discrepancies in FTIL accounts.
To further their argument against any government- initiated takeover or changes to FTIL board, they said a fraud was perpetrated at Satyam by the promoters themselves and the only remedy was change in management, whereas NSEL's was a case of 'payment and settlement defaults' and therefore the remedy lies in chasing the defaulters and ensuring recovery of clients' money from them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infy to build toilets in 109 Bhubaneswar sch...You are here: Home > Collections > Schools
Infosys to construct toilets in 109 schools of Bhubaneswar
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 08.22PM IST
Tags:
INfosys Foundation
(Infosys Foundation today…)
BHUBANESWAR: Infosys Foundation today informed the Odisha government that it will construct toilets in 109 state-run schools in the capital city as part of its involvement in the Swachha Vidyalaya programme.
Infosys Foundation chairperson Sudha Murty informed this to the state government when she met Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik this evening.
This apart, Murty also said the foundation would take responsibility of constructing a major road in Jagatsinghpur district, a release issued by the Chief Minister's office said.
The state government on its part requested Murty to assist in proper implementation of the school computer literacy programme. The Infosys Foundation would train the trainers for the school computer literacy programme, the release added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stocks suffer as US oil prices slideEnergy stocks fall as crude prices dip
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59ed8e-5d82-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi: Curfew-like situation in riot-hit TrilokpuriComments
Trilokpuri continued to remain tense for the fifth straight day despite prohibitory orders being lifted for a few hours on Monday to allow people to make necessary purchases.
The move was preceded by heavier than usual deployment of forces. Police personnel were seen maintaining queues in the local markets.
Locals claimed that the reason behind the heavy deployment was yet another stray incident of violence which was reported from Block 27 of the area.
The relaxation of orders had another side. The policemen allowed only women to visit the local market and continued to restrain men from the area from coming on to the streets.
Though happy about the relaxation, the locals complained about their movements being restricted.”We are not being allowed to go to work; markets are closed; we don’t have access to our own vehicles. When will be the prohibitory measures be uplifted?,” a woman was heard asking a policeman.
So far, 63 people have been arrested for violence which began sporadically on Thursday evening and then gripped the entire area. More than 40 people have been detained and more detentions are likely to take place over the next few days.
The police are also mulling relaxing the prohibitory orders on Tuesday if the situation continued to remain peaceful.
Considering reports of local shopkeepers inflating prices of local commodities, the Delhi Police have made special provisions for the people. “We have requested the local Mother Dairy and Safal booths to keep their stores fully stocked to make sure there is no scarcity of goods,” said Sanjay Beniwal, Joint Commissioner (East).
Amid reports of black marketing and hoarding, the Delhi government also swung into action, with officials of food and supplies department making random checks to curb malpractices.
Another incident?
A fire was also reported from a storehouse in the area which the police attributed to a short circuit and dismissed it as a ‘minor incident’. However the owner, who used to keep cartons, cardboard and other raw materials there, alleged that a few men tried to burn the storehouse and they had the tacit support of the police.
“Some people tried to burn down our storehouse on Sunday night and despite several attempts, the police are not ready to hear us out,” said Ehsan, the brother of the owner. The police have denied the allegations.

SoftBank CEO meets ModiSoftBank CEO meets Modi
Wealth funds missing governance targetsQIA leads fund rankings for missing Santiago governance standards
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6000716-5b81-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Libya strife shows perils of impartiality© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/463c8254-5ddb-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NSA Ajit Doval meets Mamata  calls Bengal terror-breeding hubComments
National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval told the West Bengal chief minister on Monday that the border district of Jalpaiguri had emerged as a new terror hub in the state, sources said, suggesting the terror network extends beyond the southeastern town of Burdwan and neighbouring areas.
Sources said Doval handed a list of 180 Bangladeshi militants hiding in West Bengal to the government after visiting the site of the October 2 blast in Burdwan.
The NSA and other members of a delegation of top security and intelligence chiefs told chief minister Mamata Banerjee about how operatives of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) had used the state as a safe haven over the past two years.
“Besides pointing out that Jalpaiguri has turned into yet another terror point for JMB, the central representatives also handed over a list of unrecognised madrasas in the state operating as terror-breeding hubs,” said a state government source on condition of anonymity. “The central team also informed the chief minister on how during the last couple years the number of terror modules in West Bengal has gone beyond 50.”
The Mamata Banerjee government said it would cooperate with a central investigation into the Burdwan blast, in which two JMB operatives were killed while making bombs in a house. The chief minister initially resisted a National Investigation Agency (NIA) probe into the incident that exposed a terror network of Bangladeshi infiltrators spread over several West Bengal districts.
“The chief minister and the West Bengal government have assured that the Centre and the state will work together in unearthing the entire case,” Prakash Mishra, special secretary for internal security in the Union home ministry, told the media after the meeting with Banerjee.
The NSA and his team also referred to the alleged links of a Rajya Sabha member from West Bengal with two Bangladeshi militant groups – JMB and Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh (JIB).
An NIA report says that the JMB, a shadowy organisation formed in 2005, has plans to establish an Islamic state encompassing Bangladesh and Murshidabad, Nadia and Malda districts of West Bengal.
Three people, including two women, were arrested in the Burdwan case and questioned by the NIA that took over the probe after the state government faced a barrage of criticism for allegedly mishandling the investigation.
Opposition parties have accused Banerjee of allowing extremist elements to flourish in the state for vote-bank politics.
“It is clear that Trinamool Congress is allowing jihadi elements in Bengal. Mere assurances will not drive them out,” said state BJP president Rahul Sinha.
Apart from SIM cards, improvised explosive devices (IEDs), detonators and watch dials, some leaflets and papers with names of al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahri and Chechen rebels were reportedly recovered from the Burdwan house, which the suspected militants had rented a few months ago.
The central delegation’s visit comes as the Union government prepares to send a report on the issue to Bangladesh following a request from the Sheikh Hasina government.
(With inputs from Ravik Bhattacharya)

HUL posts 8% rise in net  sees softer demand aheadHUL posts 8% rise in net  sees softer demand ahead
ONGC western offshore assets see 11% rise in crude oil productionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money: Govt discloses 3 more namesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indias GDP may grow 5.6% in FY15 riding GST  says WBE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Widows of farmers take to the streetsUpdated: October 28, 2014 00:21 IST
Widows of farmers take to the streets
Staff Reporter
The Hindu Widows of farmers, who committed suicide, staging a protest at collectorate in Nalgonda on Monday. demanding the ex-gratia Photo:Singam Venkataramana
Allege that officials are denying them ex gratia and other benefits
The widows of farmers who committed suicide complained that the district administration is denying them ex gratia and other benefits given to the kin of victims by refusing to recognise the death of their husbands as those of farmers’ suicide.
Widows and family members of suicide victims led by Human Rights Fourm (HRF) leaders have staged a protest before district collectorate here on Monday and presented a representation to officials during the grievances day on Monday.
Speaking to The Hindu, Joythi (45), widow of Reddymasu Levan, and native of Kammagudem village of Kattangur mandal, said that her husband died on October 29, 2013 by consuming pesticide as their cotton fields were damaged due to heavy rains in the last week of October. Though Reddymasu Levan, a tenant farmer, cultivated cotton in 10 acres in hired land, his widow, said the authorities never visited their house for verification.
The case of Gandicheruvu Sumalatha, 25, from Kakulakondaram village, is also similar. Her husband, Narasimhulu, also committed suicide by consuming pesticide last year, but officials paid her no ex gratia.
HRF State secretary G. Mohan said that a three-member committee comprising respective RDO, DSP and Assistant Director of Agriculture Department should visit the houses of victims for verification, according to GO No. 421 issued by State government in 2004, but in most of the cases the committee never did that. Mr. Mohan further said that the State government is trying to hush up the number of suicides. According to GO, he said that the government should pay Rs. 1 lakh ex gratia, besides one-time loan settlement up to a sum of Rs. 50,000. “The kin should be given priority while implementing all the welfare schemes initiated by State and Centre, besides the children should be admitted in government welfare hostels to provide free education, he said. Recently, a fact finding committee led by district president of HRF, Ch. Guravaiah, visited families of 24 suicide victims who have revealed that they were denied the benefits without proper verification. HRF activist N. Sulochana, said the State government paid ex-gratia to only 480 families against 1,887 farmers who committed suicide, as recorded by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) between 1999 and 2012.

Oil supply showdown: Shale vs. OPECoil supply showdown: shale vs. opec
Black money: Govt affidavit names seven persons a mining firm; no politician in first listBlack money: Govt affidavit names seven persons a mining firm; no politician in first list
Tata Power to Speed Up $1.8-Billion Vietnam StationTata Power to Speed Up $1.8-Billion Vietnam Station
Goa Cong dubs black money disclosure as selective blackmailingGoa Cong dubs black money disclosure as selective blackmailing
India s GDP may grow 5.6% in FY15 riding GST  says WBIndia s GDP may grow 5.6% in FY15 riding GST  says WB
Oprah Winfrey takes $7.75 million Water Tower Place condo off the marketOprah Winfrey takes $7.75 million Water Tower Place condo off the market
Oprah Winfrey
Brian Snyder / Reuters
Oprah Winfrey accepts a W.E.B. Du Bois Medal at the Hutchins Center Honors at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts September 30, 2014.
Oprah Winfrey accepts a W.E.B. Du Bois Medal at the Hutchins Center Honors at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts September 30, 2014. (Brian Snyder / Reuters)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Oprah Winfrey takes $7.75 million Water Tower Place condo off the market
Oprah Winfrey has had a change of heart.
8
After listing her massive, customized duplex condominium unit in Water Tower Place on the market for more than six months for $7.75 million, the media mogul and former talk-show queen recently took the 9,625-square-foot spread off the market, keeping it for personal use, according to a spokeswoman.
Winfrey’s listing of the unit early this year had been long expected, as she ended her eponymous talk show here in 2011. She increasingly has spent more of her time at her estates in Montecito, Calif., and Hawaii.
  Open link
Her Harpo production company had cut back its use of her 170,000-square-foot, 3.48-acre Harpo Studios campus on the Near West Side, and several months ago she sold the studio campus to developer Sterling Bay for $30.5 million in a sale and lease-back transaction.
Now, despite her diminished time in Chicago, a spokeswoman for Winfrey told Elite Street that Winfrey is not done with the unit after all.

Even Bankers See a Risk in Rising Wealth Gapeven bankers see a risk in rising wealth gap
Editorial: M-Powering IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pensions forced to sign non-disclosure deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94524a60-5b96-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

John Plender: Trustees of the non-financial revolution© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37d8339c-5936-11e4-a33c-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should wise investors follow their starShould wise investors follow their star?
Sophia Grene
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5133df3a-546d-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big tech start-ups bypass Silicon Valley© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3def41ce-5ac8-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moving the discourse to ground zeroUpdated: October 27, 2014 15:28 IST
Moving the discourse to ground zero
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
PTI The most lasting effects of firings along the LoC are felt by the people of Jammu and Kashmir who bear the brunt of all the tensions between India and Pakistan. Picture shows a boundary wall of a house along the border.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
With tensions along the LoC, the centre of gravity for the resolution of the Kashmir dispute has moved away from Jammu and Kashmir, both geographically and mentally
When two elephants fight, goes the oft-repeated cliché, it is the grass that gets trampled on. The recent firing along the Line of Control (LoC) and International Border (IB) between India and Pakistan has caused the deaths of both soldiers and civilians, has set back dialogue and left the Kashmir resolution process gravely wounded. The most lasting effects of these will no doubt be felt by the people of Jammu and Kashmir who bear the brunt of all the tensions between the two countries. In more than a decade of the ceasefire holding, farmers had resumed planting crops, schools had sprung back to life, and many villages were repopulated along the LoC, outcomes that are endangered now. But what has affected the State the most is that as a result of such tensions, the centre of gravity for the resolution of the Kashmir dispute has moved away from Jammu and Srinagar, Poonch and Rajouri, both geographically and mentally.
Away from a resolution
Consider for example the crisis from August to October this year. As the firing progressed and artillery guns were deployed, the discourse moved away from the purview of local commanders. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government issued orders that the local Border Security Force (BSF) commanders must not accede to a flag meeting, and firing should persist. Orders from Pakistan were sharp too, as the Army kept the barrage going on its side. Fairly soon, New Delhi and Rawalpindi were engaging each other, and the messaging had deeper undertones. It was clear that Pakistan’s Army was testing the new Indian government, raising firing levels in the pre-winter shooting season. And the new Indian government was letting Pakistan know there is zero-tolerance in its working style. This was reflected in the India-Pakistan Foreign Secretary talks being cancelled over a meeting with Hurriyat leaders, while the firing over the LoC/IB resumed, according to a senior Defence ministry official, “in double measure.”
“In a gloomy scenario, the most positive sign was Mr. Modi’s decision to spend Diwali with flood victims in Kashmir, which is a direct reach out from New Delhi to Jammu and Srinagar”
Meanwhile, politicians were taking the discourse even further away from ground zero. Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked Pakistan at election rallies in Maharashtra and Haryana. Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke of giving a “muh tod jawab” to the neighbour while opposition leader Rahul Gandhi demanded “more action.” In Pakistan, opposition leader Bilawal Bhutto sought to “take back every inch of Kashmir.” Interestingly, he referred to Kashmir as another province of Pakistan, one which he and the Pakistan Peoples Party would “take from India.” Clearly the speeches had nothing to do with a resolution and more to do with political gains. The floods that paralysed the Kashmir Valley had a similar effect. They only reinforced how important the roles of New Delhi and Islamabad are to shore up Srinagar and Muzaffarabad which are helpless in times of disaster.
In the aftermath of the ceasefire violations, Pakistan decided to move even further afield, with a focus on the U.N.’s role in the conflict. First, at the United Nations General Assembly, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif mentioned a plebiscite and made references to violence against Kashmiri women “in particular,” followed by Pakistan’s interventions in Kashmir at the U.N. (Decolonisation) Committee. Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz spoke to the U.N. Secretary General and wrote to the U.N. several times linking the border firing with the resolution of the Kashmir dispute. Clearly, the idea is to “internationalise” the Kashmir conflict, as it had been two decades ago, before former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh charted a new course in bilateral engagements.
It was this new course, the “four-step,” that saw a slew of measures that brought relative peace to Kashmir over the past decade. The November 2003 ceasefire allowed India to complete its fencing of the LoC and stop infiltrations from Pakistan, and the demilitarisation of cities in the Valley saw the strengthening of local police and paramilitary, repopulating of border areas, and a drastic drop in complaints of human rights violations. The cross-LoC bus and opening of trade allowed the reunification of many families from both sides of the border.
Finally, what was important was that for the 10 years or so when the ideas of resolution swirled around, no one — not Pakistan’s new leadership, not India’s strategic community, not even Kashmir’s angry youth — actually rejected the four-step or suggested a return to violence. Even when protests boiled over in the summers of 2008-2010, protesters never picked up more than a stone. One reason is clearly that each of the measures listed dealt with ameliorating the lives of the people in Jammu and Kashmir. Islamabad may not have followed suit in the same way for people on its side of the LoC, but New Delhi focussed on the people of the State, and that effort seemed to pay off.
Unfortunately, the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) lost that focus. Battered by corruption allegations against his government and by State election results, Dr. Singh began to take the narrative away from the Valley and his “round-table” talks. Perhaps the clearest sign that the people of Jammu and Kashmir had receded in New Delhi’s calculus was the hanging of Afzal Guru. The decision to pull him out of the government’s “numbered list” for the death row, without allowance for appeals and without notice to his family, which the UPA had done even in the case of 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab, was an illogical if not an illegal act. Some even suggested it was cynical and was aimed at sending a message of “toughness” to the Congress party’s political opponents. Whatever the cause, it was certainly not aimed at assisting a Kashmir resolution, and the centre of gravity once again shifted away from the people of the State.
The real irony is that the resolution of the Kashmir dispute shouldn’t actually take anyone far from the position today. No matter how many years Pakistan tries its war of a thousand cuts, or Indian Parliament passes resolutions on owning “all of Kashmir,” what is on the ground will remain. The LoC with its fences, outposts, and crossing points, is for all practical purposes a border, and only an unconscionable amount of bloodletting could change even a millimetre of it. When Kashmiris travel from one side of the LoC to the other, they show as identification passports of India and Pakistan, something both countries have acceded to. The so-called “third option” — that of an independent Kashmir — is a red herring, as it was never offered by the British in 1947, nor would any referendum in the State include it as a possibility.
Proposing another fence
It is now important for both countries to put a stop to the slide they have made away from a resolution. The greatest tragedy in the years 2003-2008 when they were making progress was that no attempt was made by either Gen. Musharraf or Dr. Singh to educate people on what had been planned. It is also worth consolidating on the gains of the ceasefire line and propose another fence a few kilometres behind the present one, on the lines of a demilitarised zone. The eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation that India and Pakistan have is outdated in the age of sensors and drone technology, only leading to the loss of lives and a blame game.
In this gloomy scenario, the most positive sign has been Mr. Modi’s decision to spend Diwali with flood victims in Kashmir. The move, coming on the heels of two previous visits to the State, is the one signal of a direct reach out from New Delhi to Jammu and Kashmir. Sooner or later, the two governments will also have to revert to talks that would discuss terrorism and the resolution of Kashmir — the essence of the India-Pakistan dispute. If the desired outcome is only a peaceful version of the present situation on our common borders, the earlier we begin to reverse-engineer the resolution that is holding back both countries, the better.
suhasini.h@thehindu.co.in

Electricity Act to get a facelift for reformE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Another round of electionsUpdated: October 27, 2014 01:00 IST
Another round of elections
election
Kashmir is still recovering from the devastation of the recent floods; the State and Central governments are still involved in relief and rehabilitation operations. But extraordinary as these circumstances are in the Valley, deferring the Assembly election in Jammu and Kashmir was never an option before the Election Commission. Any postponement of the election process would only have added a political dimension to the administrative crisis in the State, stretching further the already strained capabilities of the National Conference government. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah appeared to have been motivated by the rationale of his own political survival when he mooted the deferring of the election in order to better deal with the flood crisis. In view of security considerations — militancy in Kashmir and Maoism in Jharkhand — the polls are spread over five phases beginning November 25 and ending on December 20. As in the Lok Sabha election, in J&K, the People’s Democratic Party is expected to eat into the vote share of the National Conference, and the Bharatiya Janata Party may again raid the Congress strongholds. The break-up of the NC-Congress alliance is of little consequence, and the interest in the election is whether the Congress would win enough seats to remain a player for power in the post-election scenario. The PDP and the Congress have been partners in government before, and in the event of a fractured mandate in J&K, another political churning is quite likely.
In Jharkhand, the question is whether the BJP will be able to repeat its performance in the Lok Sabha election and get a majority of its own. After having won 12 of the 14 Lok Sabha seats, the BJP is the overwhelming favourite. Although the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha is at present in alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal, the three parties might go their separate ways in the Assembly election. Differences over seat sharing aside, the parties are by no means natural allies. Jharkhand has seen several combinations of parties in power, and the JMM, especially, has shown a readiness to make friends with any party for the sake of sharing power. The Congress and the RJD have stakes in Bihar too, but the national party might see little merit in playing the role of a junior partner in a JMM-led coalition in a low-stakes election. For the BJP, it is important to keep up the winning momentum. Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the BJP is now a centralised organisation. Just as he and his core team take credit for every success, they will be conscious that the blame for a defeat too will lie on them alone. But that seems to be a situation very much to the liking of Mr. Modi who is not averse to risk-taking.

Black money case: Dabur promoter Burmans say foreign bank account legalSpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrowm FMCG major although he was once a whole time director of Dabur India. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
New Delhi: With one of its members, Pradip Burman , being named as an account holder in a foreign bank in the black money issue in an affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, Dabur India promoter family, Burmans on Monday said the account complied with all legal requirements.
“We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account,” a Dabur spokesperson said in a statement.
“We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable,” he added.
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrowm fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) major although he was once a whole time director of Dabur India.
Regretting that there was a lack of differentiation between legal and illegal foreign bank account holders, the spokesperson further said, “It is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush. The Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels,” the spokesperson added.

We ll Bump Allergan Offer to $200 a ShareThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Why we should not hang Surinder KoliEYE BROWSE
Why We Should Not Hang Surinder Koli
The Supreme Court will hear Surinder Koli’s final plea in one of the Nithari murders cases this week, failing which he will be executed. His death will ensure that the rest of the Nithari cases will forever remain a blur. There remain several holes in the investigation against him that raise serious doubts about his guilt, but are we willing to listen?
By Dilip D’Souza | Grist Media –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
(Courtesy: AFP Photo)
A man may be executed, perhaps in as soon as a few days, for some pretty ghastly crimes. Why should this matter to you, you ask. He committed them, he was tried and found guilty, he's been sentenced, let him fry! Or hang.
But what if I told you a few things:
* He was accused in over a dozen cases of murder. Only one trial has actually been completed as well as confirmed by the High Court – the one in which he was sentenced to death. That is, legally he has only ever been sentenced for one murder (see note below). Yet when his appeal against his sentence went to the Supreme Court and was denied, the judges wrote : “The appellant appears to be a serial killer.” One murder, and he's a serial killer?
* The whole case against the man rests on his confession made to the
police after two months in custody, during which, he says in the confession, he was severely tortured.Section 24 of the Indian Evidence Act says such confessions are inadmissible in a trial.
* A doctor who examined the dead bodies remarked on how they were missing their torsos, how they were sliced with "surgical precision," and strongly suggested that there was an alternative explanation for these killings: an organ trade racket.
Should we let him hang, still? Or is that certainty marred by a few tiny cracks?
A quick recap might be in order: The man we're talking about is Surinder Koli, and the cases we're talking about are the infamous Nithari murders, with their gruesome rumors of mutilation, necrophilia and cannibalism. Koli was the domestic servant in Moninder Singh Pandher's home in Nithari village, Noida. Children and young women had been disappearing in the area for months, their families registering complaints with the police starting in 2005. In late 2006, the police arrested Koli as a suspect in the disappearance of a girl. He eventually confessed to the murder, saying he had chopped her body into pieces and flung them behind Pandher's house into a drain there. When he took the police there, they found several skulls, bones, slippers and items of clothing, and also recovered two knives from Pandher's house.
The police framed charges against Koli and Pandher. In February 2009, the trial court in Ghaziabad sentenced both men to death for the murder of a girl called Rimpa Haldar. In September that year, the Allahabad High Court allowed Pandher's appeal against his death sentence, thus setting aside his death sentence. But it dismissed Koli's appeal. In February 2011, the Supreme Court too dismissed Koli's appeal, saying "no mercy can be shown" to him. Various other avenues to overturn Koli's death sentence have also been explored, with no success. This week, the Supreme Court will hear one final plea to review certain aspects of his case. If that fails, Koli has no options left and will be executed.
* * *
Let's be clear: several young women and children were indeed killed and parts of their bodies found near Pandher's home in Nithari. That truth is not in any dispute. But there are questions – too many questions – about how the investigation has proceeded. Consider some of these:
1. In January 2007, only days after this whole horrific story hit the headlines, the Ministry of Women and Child Development (WCD) assembled a committee "to investigate into allegations of large-scale sexual abuse, rape and murder" in Nithari. The committee's members were all senior bureaucrats. On their visits to Nithari, the police told them that they had identified 17 victims from the skulls and bones found in the ditches near Pandher's house.
The committee raised several disturbing points about the bodies. The doctor who supervised the postmortems, Vinod Kumar, told them that "it was intriguing to observe that all middle part of all bodies (torsos) was missing…[this] gives rise to a suspicion that wrongful use of bodies for organ sale etc could be possible. …[T]he surgical precision with which the bodies were cut also pointed to this fact."
Not only that, Dr Kumar also pointed out that it takes up to three years for a body to decompose. How then were only the "bare bones" of these victims found, less than a year after their murders? Dr Kumar "did not favor the theory of cannibalism as it could be a ruse to divert attention from the missing parts of the bodies."
Because of what Dr Kumar said, the WCD Committee recommended that "the CBI should look into all angles including organ trade…there is need to study the organ transplant records of all hospitals in Noida."
Now consider this in the light of what prosecution witness Ramesh Prasad Sharma deposed during the Ghaziabad trial, as recorded in the Allahabad High Court's order about the appeals. Sharma was the cook of Pandher's immediate neighbor in Nithari, one Dr Naveen Chaudhary. He lived in a neighboring bungalow that overlooked the same ditch where the bodies were found.
Sharma told the court that he knew "that his master was arrested in the year 1997 in some kidney scam matter."
Let's understand: Pandher and Koli's next-door neighbor was once arrested for organ trading.
And yet the entire organ trade angle was never investigated in the Nithari cases.
2. The trial court observed that there were no eyewitnesses to the murders – naturally – and so the prosecution relied, in its case against Koli, on what the trial court Judge called "the admission made by the accused" while in the custody of the police.
As every Indian criminal lawyer knows, this must immediately attract our attention to Section 24 of the Indian Evidence Act, which could not be clearer: "A confession made by an accused person is irrelevant in a criminal proceeding, if the making of the confession appears to the Court to have been caused by any inducement, threat or promise."
All we've ever heard and know about how the police treats people in custody should tell us something about the possible inducements, threats and violence brought upon Koli. But we don’t have to draw conclusions only from such assumptions – Koli himself repeatedly mentions in his confession that the police tortured and tutored him.
For example: "The [UP] police have got me to memorize all the names…when [they] arrested me they made me see these photos again and again and told me the names of these people." (In his original Hindi: "Naam mein photo dekh kar ke naam ko sab mera ye police ne ratvaya hai…UP Police ne jab mereko pakda tha us time mein matlab ki inhone mere ko ye saare photo dekh dekh kar sab ka inka naam wagarah…matlab ki iska ye naam hai.")
There is also evidence of tutoring in how Koli describes each crime: he made the victim unconscious, tried to have sex with her which was unsuccessful, strangled her, took the body up to the bathroom, came down, took a knife from the kitchen, chopped the corpse, ate a piece or two, put the pieces in plastic bags, threw the bags behind the house at night, washed the bathroom.
Seventeen murders, and he describes them all in terms that are similar nearly to the point of being identical.
Koli goes on to say in his confession that the police tortured him: "Of these there were 2-3 photos I mean, of those, I was tortured a lot and only then, I mean, they made me confess…I was made to suffer a lot of torture." ("Jisme se do teen photo aisi thi matlab usme mereko kaafi torture kiya aur tab ja kar ke matlab jo inhone mere ko kabool karvai thi…bohot jyada torture kiya gaya tha.")
It is for exactly these reasons that the Evidence Act rules such confessions inadmissible, and Koli's should have been rejected right away. Koli's lawyer made this point during the trial: "The entire committal statement becomes void and in the eyes of the law it is a futile statement and nothing can be concluded ... as there is no legal value of the statement made during the police custody."
Yet the trial court Judge stated: "I fully disagree with this argument." Thus she allowed it as, in her words, "sufficient proof of the crime."
3. Now, if the confession is treated as true, it's worth at least thinking about what it implies. Koli speaks in it of how Pandher would bring sex workers to the house. Watching them with Pandher, serving food to them, "pressure built in my mind for sex…wrong feelings came in my mind…kill someone and hack…that kind of bad feelings started coming in my mind." When Pandher was forced, because of a guest in the house, to desist from bringing sex workers home, Koli says he was fine. But these thoughts would resume once the guest left and Pandher started with sex workers once more.
There is reason to treat this as talk from a seriously disturbed mind. It is at least worth considering that this is a man with a mental health problem, with a mind he has little control over that gets triggered by certain circumstances. He deserves a proper medical examination to ascertain his mental health. Whom does it serve to execute such a man instead of at least letting a doctor see him?
4. The trial court has convicted Koli (and Pandher) in just one murder case that has so far been confirmed by the High Court – of a young woman called Rimpa Halder. That is, what has only ever been proved to the satisfaction of our justice system is that Koli committed this one murder of Haldar (Pandher was subsequently acquitted by the High Court). The other murder cases are still pending either trial or confirmation (see note below).
While hearing their appeal, the High Court underlined this very point about Haldar’s case: "The findings recorded by us are only confined to the murder of Rimpa Haldar and the court below shall not be import any observation/comments in the body of this judgement for being applied to the decision while hearing other cases relating to Nithari incident."
For all we know, if Koli is ever tried in all those cases, he could conceivably prove his innocence in one or more.
Yet that possibility was shot down when the Supreme Court heard Koli's appeal – his appeal, remember, in the completed murder trial of Rimpa Haldar. The Supreme Court order explicitly, but inexplicably, proclaims Koli's guilt in all the other cases too: "The appellant appears to be a serial killer. The killings by the appellant are horrifying and barbaric. He used a definite methodology in committing these murders."
How did the Supreme Court arrive at such a conclusion about cases that have not even been tried or confirmed yet? Did the court’s observation not effectively render those other cases irrelevant?
* * *
There are these and plenty more cracks in Koli’s case that several other reports have pointed out: that Koli told the Supreme Court that his toenails and fingernails were missing at the time of his confession, which was evidence of his being tortured. That children continued to disappear in that Noida area even after Koli's arrest. That the police claim 16 murders while the media had reported 19 skeletons.
But perhaps it comes down to this: faced with these ghastly crimes, what do we really want? Justice, so that they never happen again? Or revenge?
Note: Koli has been convicted and sentenced to death by trial courts in four other Nithari cases. In none of these has the conviction and sentence yet been confirmed by the High Court (as it has been in Rimpa Haldar’s case). When a death sentence is handed down, such a confirmation is mandatory; without it, the trial court’s judgment has no legal effect.
Dilip D'Souza writes to keep his cats fed. This pursuit has resulted in five books (most recently, “Final Test: Exit Sachin Tendulkar” and "The Curious Case of Binayak Sen") and several writing awards (the Newsweek/Daily Beast Prize and the Outlook/Picador prize, among others). The cats seem happy. Follow him @DeathEndsFun .
Recommend

MPS shares tumble 20% after failing testDownload
Monte dei Paschi shares tumble 20%
Sam Fleming, Martin Arnold and Arash Massoudi in London, James Politi in Milan, and Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cef31d5c-5cfe-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merck 3Q Adjusted Profit Tops Analysts  EstimatesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Photos of the week: 20 images that made headlinesCrime
Pictures of the Week
Indian soldiers celebrate Diwali at the border post, Sania Mirza celebrates another WTA tennis finals win, clash between pro-democracy and anti-Occupy protesters in China - here are some of the captivating images that made headlines past week.
Smoke and flames rise following an explosion in the Syrian town of Kobane, also known as Ain al-Arab, as seen from the southeastern Turkish village of Mursitpinar in the Sanliurfa province on October ... more 
Smoke and flames rise following an explosion in the Syrian town of Kobane, also known as Ain al-Arab, as seen from the southeastern Turkish village of Mursitpinar in the Sanliurfa province on October 20, 2014. Turkey dropped its refusal to allow Kurdish fighters over the border to defend the besieged Syrian town of Kobane, saying it was now helping Iraqi peshmerga to cross the frontier in a major policy shift. AFP PHOTO / BULENT KILIC less 
1 / 19
Yahoo India | Photo by AFP
Mon 27 Oct, 2014 11:30 AM IST

Larsen and Toubro bags contract to build  Statue of Unity  for Rs 2 979 croreYou are here: Home > Collections
Larsen and Toubro bags contract to build 'Statue of Unity' for Rs 2,979 crore
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 07.09PM IST
Tags:
Anandi Patel
(S N Subrahmanyan (front…)
GANDHINAGAR: The work order for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project 'Statue of Unity' - the world's tallest statue of India's first home minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , was issued by the Gujarat government today, to leading engineering company Larsen and Toubro (L&T).
Work on the 182-metre tall statue of Sardar Patel is to be completed at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore, said Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel who presided over the function of handing over the work order.
"This huge construction work will be completed in four years at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore. The contract has been given to the country's leading construction company Larsen and Toubro," Patel said in her address, while giving the contract order to L&T.
"Rs 1,347 crore will be spent on the main statue, Rs 235 crore will be spent on the exhibition hall and convention centre, while Rs 83 crore will be spent on the bridge connecting the memorail to the main land and Rs 657 crore would be spent to maintain the structure until 15 years after it is completed," Patel said.
The 182-metre-tall 'Statue of Unity', which would be double the size of New York's 'Statue of Liberty' (93 metres), would inspire future generations, Patel said.
"The project will include an exhibition hall and audio- visual presentation on the life of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, which will become the centre of attraction for tourists from the all over the world," she said.
Patel also said that 75,000 cubic metres of concrete, 5,700 metric tonne of steel structure, 18,500 steel rods and 22,500 metric tonne of bronze will be used for the project.
Patel claimed that the 'Statue of Unity' project will generate employment in the tribal area of Narmada district as well as boost the tourism sector.
The 'Statue of Unity' will be built at Sadhu Island approximately 3.5 km south of Sardar Sarovar Dam at Kevadia area in Narmada district of the state of Gujarat.
The project was launched by the former Gujarat Chief Minister and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 31, 2013, on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary.
Modi had also launched a country wide campaign to collect iron to build the 'Statue Of Unity' and the Gujarat government has claimed that iron was collected from around seven lakh villages across the nation.
The Gujarat state government had invited expression of interest from all over the world for the project.
After completion of the tender process, L&T has been given the contract of to execute the 'Statue Of Unity' project.
Leading construction company Turner Construction , which built Dubai's famous architectural structure 'Burj Khalifa', is a consultant to the project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apps at the heart of new age of medicine© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4aa434ea-4562-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finding failure in the art of persuasionFinding failure in the art of persuasion
Patti Waldmeir
A how-to guide to Chinese creativity is not sending the right message, writes Patti Waldmeir
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/857c63c4-5b7b-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to accept extra oil blocks in South Ch...India to accept additional oil blocks in South China Sea
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.45AM IST
Tags:
China
(According to sources, India…)
NEW DELHI: In a move that is likely to irk China, India and Vietnam will sign an agreement here tomorrow for oil exploration in South China Sea with the visiting Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung declaring that Indian ships would be allowed into the area despite Chinese protestations.
According to sources, India has decided to accept 2-3 Vietnamese oil blocks in the South China Sea based on the techno-commercial feasibility report by the ONGC Videsh Limited and an agreement in this regard would be inked tomorrow after the talks.
In addition to the current three oil blocks, Vietnam had offered India five oil blocks and the ONGC Videsh Limited was looking at them in terms of their feasibility.
Recently, Vietnam had renewed India's lease of two oil blocks in the South China Sea for another year.
China and Vietnam have an acrimonious relationship due to their standoff over the South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons. China has been objecting to India's oil exploration projects in the disputed waters.
Meanwhile, ahead of his talks with Modi, the Vietnamese Prime Minister pitched for India's "active support" to peacefully resolve all disputes and sought its greater linkages across the region.
During an interview with PTI, he said "Vietnam supports India to increase multi-dimensional linkages with South East Asia. For the purpose of friendship and exchange, we have and will continue to allow ships from other countries, including India, to visit ChinaChina.
"Vietnam hopes that India, with its increasingly important role, will make positive and responsible contributions to the maintenance of peace and stability and the region and the world," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt reveals 8 more names to apex court in black moneycasePrint
Attorney General Mukul Rohatagi while addressing the media, after a hearing on black money outside the Supreme Court, in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 1:12 pm
The government on Monday disclosed in the Supreme Court eight more names against whom it has initiated prosecution under the Income Tax Act for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Those who have been named are: Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, bullion trader Pankaj Chamanlal Lodhiya, Goa mining company Timblo Private Ltd and five of its directors — Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. The names were received from French authorities and other countries.
Promising to disclose more names in future, the government said in its affidavit that it was “keen to unearth black money held abroad” and it would “use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigating agencies to obtain information that could assist in such unearthing.”
READ: Centre to name only those having ‘prosecutable evidence’, says Jaitley
Stating that it had “absolutely no intention” of withholding such information, the government said it, however, wanted “certain clarification” to enable it to enter into and further honour its agreements with other countries.
While the Supreme Court, in its 2011 order, had directed complete disclosure of information on people who have black money abroad, the government today made it clear that it was open to disclosing information received under tax treaties only “after following the due process of law, in all cases where evasion of tax is established.” It said information would become public only after “investigations are complete and a complaint/ prosecution is filed in a competent court.”
Further, the government said no names could be disclosed even in a proceeding instituted through a PIL “unless there is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing”.
The affidavit also said that every account held by an Indian in a foreign bank may not be illegal and the fundamental right to privacy under Article 21 could not be ignored. Citing the treaties and agreements that compelled it to reveal information only for tax purposes, it said the government ought to follow the procedures prescribed in the legal instruments through which such information had been received.
“Thus, a clarification is essential which will enable the Government of India to give a commitment to our current and prospective treaty partners that the information received will be used only for tax purposes and such other purposes as permitted in terms of the applicable treaty and can be disclosed in public court proceedings only after a complaint/ prosecution for tax evasion is filed,” it said.
READ: Swiss govt willing to disclose info on black mone — Centre to SC
The government told the court the choice was “either not to receive information at all or receive it and use it as per international standards of confidentiality.”
The development comes a day before the government is set to defend its fresh argument that sovereign treaties constrain it continued…

Mario Tama / Getty Imagesmario tama / getty images
Tensions rise after Israel homes planTensions rise as Israel vows to expand East Jerusalem settlements
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e30b166-5de2-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St. dips as lower oil price knocks energy stocksWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Nasdaq presses ahead with forex planNasdaq presses on with plan to clear forex derivatives in Europe
Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cea3f5d8-5ddf-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qatar to buy HSBCs global HQ for 1.1bnQatar to buy HSBC’s global HQ for £1.1bn
Arash Massoudi, Kate Allen and Henny Sender
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11129e26-5ded-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Corrective steps for coal  iron oreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stocks Slip as Oil Sinks and Europe StrugglesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Govt considering proposal to restructure FTIL boardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A smart way to create 100 smart citiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ECB list of failing banks shrinks if you read small printECB list of failing banks shrinks if you read small print
Nude celebrity photo leak: Jennifer Lawrence s ex-boyfriend is a hacker  hints  more to comeNude celebrity photo leak: Jennifer Lawrence's ex-boyfriend is a hacker, hints 'more to come'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 11:52  IST
Oct 27 2014, 11:52  IST
 

Federal police investigating coal block all...Jindal Steel and Power says police investigating coal block allocation
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.39AM IST
Jindal said the CBI had filed a first information report against the company in connection with the allotment of a coal block .
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd said on Monday the CBI were investigating the granting of a coal mining licence block to the company.
The company's statement late on Monday was in response to media reports that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) was investigating accusations that it paid bribes to secure coal blocks.
Jindal said the CBI had filed a first information report against the company in connection with the allotment of a coal block in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
The company, led by billionaire and former member of parliament Naveen Jindal , has been hit by the new government's reforms of the national coal mining industry.
Its shares have lost more more than quarter of their value since the country's top court last month revoked most of the coal mining licences allocated by the government over the past two decades.
Adding to the company's troubles, the CBI has issued a preliminary enquiry into irregularities in forest clearances related to an iron ore mine in the eastern state of Jharkhand, a CBI spokeswoman said.
"We have only come to know of the preliminary enquiry through media reports. JSPL reiterates that we have always co-operated with the investigative agencies and will respond when we receive these queries from the investigative authorities," the company said in an emailed statement.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Japan s SoftBank to invest $10 bnJapan s SoftBank to invest $10 bn
India to set up new process for appointing state bank officialsIndia to set up new process for appointing state bank officials
NSA visits Bengal  Mamata extends support in fight against terror (Roundup)NSA visits Bengal  Mamata extends support in fight against terror (Roundup)
CCI raps Coal India for misusing positionCCI raps Coal India for misusing position
Nifty may not breach 8050 any time soon: BaligaNifty may not breach 8050 any time soon: Baliga
Black money: FM to name those who are prosecutableBlack money: FM to name those who are prosecutable
Concerns over nterest-only mortgages© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba29bcb6-5df1-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Transparency will revive the trade talksOctober 27, 2014 5:58 pm
Transatlantic trade negotiators should own up to their ambition
Pascal Lamy
Consumers fear the transatlantic pact will cost them their safeguards, writes Pascal Lamy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d69d4496-5a07-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Williams/Access Midstream: flowing pipes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b728cf0c-5df6-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SFH investors have many options for acquiring new properties0
Let's start with your questions about refinancing. While you might be able to do a cash-out refinance on the property, you probably can't take out as much cash as you think. Lenders want investors to maintain 30 to 35 percent equity in the property. You can talk to lenders in your area and see what their lending requirements are and use that information to make a better decision for yourself.
While you could refinance, and would be maximizing the lowest interest rates of the year, there is another way to maximize your investing strategy.
You didn't mention in your email whether you own your current residence. Assuming you do, and have owned it for at least a year, you could rent out that property and might qualify to purchase another primary residence in your neighborhood of choice -- although lenders may have other lending requirements for you, given the proximity of the homes.
Because it's easier to finance a primary residence than a rental property, you could purchase that property with as little as a few thousand dollars in cash. FHA loans require a 3.5 percent down payment, but you might find a HUD home (which is an FHA foreclosure) that you can purchase that would require an even smaller outlay. If you buy a HUD home, it'll likely be a fixer-upper, which will allow you to build in profit as you renovate to meet the neighborhood standard.
If you want to tap the equity in your other property without refinancing, consider a home equity line of credit or a home equity loan that will allow you to borrow more easily against some of the equity without giving up the amazing interest rate you already have. That will allow you to put down a bit more on the next property.
Another strategy is to buy a multi-unit building, live in one of the units and rent out the others. That is another good way to leverage your investment dollars.
As far as mentors go, you need to start by building the team of experts who will help you do these deals over the long run. Finding a great real estate agent, mortgage lender, accountant or tax preparer, professional home inspector, insurance agent and contractor will allow you to quickly assess properties as investments and know that you're getting the best possible advice for your personal financial situation.
Through these professionals you should be able to meet other successful investors who are a bit further down the pike in terms of their investments. If you cultivate these relationships, it will undoubtedly pay off over the long haul.
As far as websites go, we like RealtyJoin.com and BiggerPockets.com. And don't forget to check out Ilyce's "Intentional Investor: How to be Wildly Successful in Real Estate" series, available at ThinkGlinkStore.com.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Facebook s New App Caters to the ObscureThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

An unnecessarily long and surprisingly fascinating history of guys(Niels Linneberg/ Flickr )
“Guys” should be one of the most benign and neutral words in the English language. In the most literal sense, it just means men. Boys. People, if we’re being modern, which hopefully we are.
But on the Internet, that fabled land of linguistic invention and abuse, guys has gradually, subtly taken on a second purpose. It’s the quickest, shortest way to communicate that you’re not entirely serious. A sort of prefix that, slapped in front of an otherwise sober sentence, makes it clear that you too can joke around.
Guys. Stop making Ebola jokes. That’s exactly how you get Ebola.
— Danielle Uhlarik (@danielleu) October 24, 2014
Consider the difference between these two headlines:
“New York City physician tested positive for Ebola”
“Guys, a New York City physician tested positive for Ebola”
It’s subtle, sure, but once you’re on the lookout for this weird linguistic tic, you tend to see it everywhere. In tweets. In headlines. In Facebook statuses, where the word rears like a Shakespearean apostrophe: “O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, / That I am meek and gentle with these butchers!” Except now, of course, the appeal is less to the corpse of Julius Caesar … and more to some amorphous, unseen audience, dispersed behind their computer screens.
Guys, something is going on here. The question — which we put to a few linguists — is what.
“Denotatively, this is an established use of ‘guys’ to mean ‘people’ — that use goes back a while, probably to the mid-1900s,” said Kory Stamper , a lexicographer and editor at Merriam-Webster. (And, incidentally, a very good Twitter follow .) “It’s the connotation and tone on social media that seems to be new, and it looks like that use is still emerging.”
Guys, life is too short to be queueing for more than half an hour for a dollop of frozen yoghurt.
— Mr. H (@asonofapeach) October 24, 2014
That social media use, Stamper says, is more vocative than anything else: It often “heralds an announcement of some sort,” she says, kind of like “the everyman’s ‘lo.’ ” But unlike “lo,” of course, the tone of “guys” is vaguely jokey, a cross between sarcasm and self-deprecation.
“Lo, a New York City physician tested positive for Ebola”; “Guys, a New York City physician tested positive for Ebola.” You see the difference.
But how an innocent-sounding word like “guys” came to be the Internet’s favorite herald is a slightly more complicated story. The word has surprisingly black roots: It’s derived, etymologists believe, from the name Guy Fawkes , one of the leaders of the Gunpowder Plot that attempted to assassinate King James I in 1605. Years after Fawkes’s plan was foiled, British children paraded his effigy around on Nov. 5 — a custom that, over the course of decades, made “guy” a sort of slang, first for a poorly dressed person, and then more generally for a man ( … of any wardrobe).
Frequency of the word “guys” in movies and TV shows, 1930 to present. (Ben Schmidt/Bookworm)
By the early 1930s, says Ben Zimmer — a linguist and frequent commentator on everything from “ stalking ” to “ czars ” —Americans were just beginning to use “guys” to indicate people of either gender. But guys was always a really weird word, its exact definition changing based on context. Consider this: I might address a group of female co-workers as “guys,” as in “hey guys.” But if I were describing the encounter later, I’d never say “Oh yeah, I said ‘hi’ to some guys from the newsroom.” Guys is only friendly, only gender-neutral, when we’re speaking directly to the “guy” himself.
“Guys in the expression ‘you guys’ is lexically meaningless, because it does not particularize you,” wrote linguist Sarah Lawson in 1982, picking up a thread that Twitter and its ilk would really run with later. “Rather, it serves as almost a suffix to you to suggest friendliness, camaraderie, informality. Even when the tone is not very friendly (‘Hey, you guys!’ ‘Cut it out, you guys!’) the “you guys” keeps the slang register and makes the remonstration sound less angry than it might otherwise.”
In other words, “guys” may be the single most perfect form of address for the infamously sincerity-adverse Web.
You guys, someone, somewhere is the person who decided what the smart trip buzzer on the bus sounds like. I hate that guy.
— Allison Rockey (@AllisonRockey) October 24, 2014
It makes sense, then, that Zimmer credits modern Internet usage of the word to the sarcasm-inflected headlines of Gawker and the Awl, sites that have long specialized in a sort of cool, removed irony. But even they may have had help: The popular sitcom “Friends,” which ran from 1994 to 2004 — notably, a time at which many Awl and Gawker writers were coming of age — used the word “guys” so frequently that language researcher Theresa Heyd used it as a launching point for her 2010 discourse on language change.
“I wouldn’t discount ‘Friends’ as an influence on how people currently use ‘guys,’ ” Zimmer said. “Perhaps there’s an echo of the staginess of ‘Friends’ when people use ‘guys’ now, which adds to the ironic distance someone can create by starting a tweet or snarky headline” that way.
Wherever the current usage comes from, it’s undoubtedly on the rise — online and off. Google’s Ngram , which measures word use over time in books, and Ben Schmidt’s Bookworm , which does the same for TV and movies, both register a steady climb in the use of “guys” since at least the early ’90s. And on Twitter, well, evidence is everywhere.
GUYS, apparently there are restaurants in that little town we all know as Washington DC. The Times is ON IT. http://t.co/xXsgoqAmb3
— The Times Is On It (@NYTOnIt) October 22, 2014
Which is just proof, perhaps, that nothing new really ever is: Even in our most self-consciously modern, snarky spaces, we borrow from history, pop culture and art. That’s legitimately pretty cool, you guys.
Or better yet: Guys, that is legitimately cool.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Chiquita OKs $681M Deal With 2 Brazilian BiddersThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Marla Gottschalk  Ph.D.GET UPDATES FROM Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D.
 
Like
1
Dr. Marla Gottschalk is an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, consultant and speaker. She is the Director of Thought Leadership at Kilberry Leadership Advisors , Toronto. She also writes The Office Blend .
Entries by Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D.
How to Make Your Business Team More Productive for Introverts
(0) Comments | Posted October 27, 2014 | 10:23 AM
If you encounter an individual who considers the prospect of working on a team to be a form of long-acting torture -- you just might find they would describe themselves as an "introvert." To an introvert, teaming can become a bit of a workplace nightmare -- in direct opposition to...
How Not to Manage an Introvert
(41) Comments | Posted October 21, 2014 | 3:04 PM
Do you supervise individuals that would describe themselves as an introvert? If the answer is "yes," you may want to take a moment to examine how you manage them. In many cases, we hold misconceptions about introversion, which can lead to ill-fated supervisory decisions. I'd like to point...

Solving the Youth Unemployment Crisis Is a Win-Win for Businessesreddit
NEW YORK -- With little disagreement that the global youth jobs crisis is one of the most pressing issues of our time, problem solvers have begun developing and implementing coordinated solutions.
These range from renewed focus on affordable education to public-private partnerships aimed at closing the "skills gap" to entrepreneurship programs -- and combinations of all of the above. Will it be enough to put hundreds of millions of young people to work?
"There's not a solution to this problem," Allen Blue, vice president and co-founder of LinkedIn said during a panel at " Generation Jobless ," a solutions-focused conference on youth unemployment held Oct. 24-25 at International House in New York City. "There's a hundred things we can do."
As a reporting fellow at The GroundTruth Project working on an international series on youth unemployment and a millennial myself, I've seen friends slave away for multiple degrees, only to end up working outside their chosen fields to pay off the debts they racked up.
Higher education has long been considered essential to a successful career. And the Pew Research Center confirms that a college degree still weighs heavily on the likelihood of finding work, the job type and the wages earned.
At the same time, college is no longer an assurance of employment. In the United States, more than 80 percent of the class of 2014 had no jobs lined up for after graduation, though almost 75 percent of them were actively searching, according to a poll by AfterCollege , a San Francisco-based career network.
As a friend of mine once put it, "We didn't work this hard to have to work this hard to find jobs."
This disparity between what you learn and how you earn is why some advocates for youth employment say apprenticeships and vocational education -- arming young people with skills the market actually needs -- are the way to go.
"There's people without jobs and jobs without people," said Nicholas Wyman, CEO of Skilling Australia Foundation, a nonprofit whose goal is to help disadvantaged youth transition to the work force. The key, he said, is to develop a system that bridges the gap between what students learn in school and what companies need from their employees.
As an example Wyman cited Switzerland, where, as Quartz reported last year , a "dual system" of higher education combines traditional academics with on-the-job training. The result is a consistently low youth unemployment rate, which today stands at just over 3 percent , as well as satisfied employers.
"Companies benefit financially from the work of apprentices, value the privilege of employing young people they already know, and see training the next generation as part of their mission," according to the report.
The same is true for Germany, where the training of young people is viewed as vital to the business community, not a philanthropic gesture.
"This has nothing to do with corporate social responsibility," a human resources manager at Deutsche Bank told a Quartz reporter . "I do this because I need talent."
The US has begun to show interest in similar methods. Through the Department of Labor, the Obama administration is investing $100 million in apprenticeship grants to support new programs in emerging fields such as information technology, health care and manufacturing. ConnectED: The California Center for College and Career is one of a number of efforts around the country to provide students with technical training and critical thinking skills that better reflect the demands of the job market.
Survival mode
Apprenticeships and vocational education systems have potential in places where jobs exist but young people lack the skills to work them. "But in environments where there are no jobs," Skilling Australia's Wyman said, "What is going to create jobs?"
For a growing number of millennials, the answer is innovation. Startups are becoming the lifeblood of this generation as more young people rely on their own initiative to survive. Almost every conversation I have with anyone remotely my age (I'm 25) will touch on his new idea, her novel business plan or that latest bit of technology that could potentially lead to an income.
Startups play a lead role even among the stories our reporters put together for the GroundTruth series, which we've named "Generation TBD" -- to be determined.
In Nigeria , 23-year-old Tayo Olufuwa is running an online jobs listing service for unemployed professionals. In Egypt , Ahmed Hamdy, 25, found his first-ever job at the startup Karm Solar, which offers an alternative energy option for Egyptians who live off the electrical grid. In the Philippines , Patrick Dulay helps others help themselves through his company, The Spark Project, which allows local businesses to engage in crowdfunding.
These businesses provide young people not only a means of livelihood but also a meaningful way of life, giving them a critical part in the struggle toward a sustainable future, Wyman said.
"Wealth is not just money," he said. "Wealth is finding something rewarding and satisfying."
Joining forces
None of the above -- apprenticeships, new methods of education, startups -- would be possible without collaborations among different sectors, groups and individuals.
"If we don't have a coordinated effort to address this, we're going to have a generation of young people whose future is really not so bright," said Calvin Sims, president and CEO of International House, a youth-centered nonprofit based in New York City.
The International House hosted "Generation Jobless" in partnership with The GroundTruth Project and other major media partners. At the conference, representatives from corporations, government, foundations and the education sector, discussed the value of collaborating with one another and with the youth in a variety of ways.
"You can't separate K-12 education from the work force," Dane Linn, vice president of Business Roundtable, an association of US executives working to promote sound public policy, pointed out during a panel at the conference.
Blair Taylor, chief community officer and president of the Starbucks Foundation Board of Directors, added that the new paradigm for corporate America is "a win-win-win situation" for society, individuals and companies -- a situation that can only be achieved through inter-sector cooperation.
Another example of that kind of coordination is The Global Center on Youth Employment , which again brings together partners from academia, the donor community, the private sector and nonprofit organizations to find solutions to the youth employment crisis. The goal is to use the partners' varied resources and expertise and to serve as a platform for connecting separate initiatives.
"No one sector can do it alone," said Cristina McGlew Castro, regional manager for Latin America and the Caribbean for Cisco Systems.
In looking at ways that reform the system, governments and organizations are moving away from pumping money into short-term programs toward developing long-term solutions, Wyman said. Overcoming old stigmas about how things are done, he said, can only push those efforts forward.
"Sometimes [young people] just need a hand up," Wyman said, "not a handout."
This post is part of a series produced by The GroundTruth Project , presented in partnership with The Huffington Post and International House in conjunction with the Generation Jobless conference (Oct. 24-25, New York City). The event is a solutions-based conference, offering viable, real-world solutions to remedy the critical issue of global youth unemployment. For more information on the conference, read here . And to follow the conversation on Twitter, look for the hashtag #genjobless .
Follow Jessica Mendoza on Twitter: www.twitter.com/_jessicamendoza
More:

AAP accuses Govt of selective approach in black moneyissueFormer Delhi chief minister and AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal showing the list of those who have bank accounts in foreign banks in abroad at a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 9:51 pm
Accusing the NDA government of adopting a “selective approach” on the black money issue, the Aam Aadmi Party Monday demanded disclosure of the names of all those who have stashed their wealth in foreign banks illegally and a time bound investigation to punish the guilty.
AAP chief and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal also tweeted that Radha Timblo, named by the government in the Supreme Court as one among those against whom prosecution has been launched in the black money case, had donated Rs 1.1 crore to BJP and Rs 65 lakh to Congress.
Slamming the government, Kejriwal wondered why it revealed only three names in the Supreme Court today in connection with black money in foreign accounts when it had the full list.
Addressing a press conference, Kejriwal repeated the names of over 10 entities and persons including some industrialists, alleging that they have stashed black money abroad illegally.
The same names were given by the party two years ago.
“The full list of those having black money in foreign banks should be made public. We are sure there will be names of BJP and Congress leaders in it,” he alleged.
The AAP leader also produced purported statements of three persons admitting to having money stashed abroad during investigations by the IT department.
“As per our information, action is being taken against those on the list selectively. Whereas stringent actions like tax raids and prosecution are being taken against some, the powerful ones are being let off,” he alleged.
Kejriwal, flanked by senior AAP leaders Prashant Bhushan and Manish Sisodia, demanded complete investigations in all cases relating to black money in a time bound manner and strictest action against those who are found guilty.
“Today, government has disclosed three names, one of which happens to be Pradip Burman. This name was there in the list disclosed by us and hence, it further validates our earlier disclosure. Let the government clarify whether other names mentioned also appear in that list or not,” the AAP leader said.
The government today disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names including that of Pradip Burman, one of Dabur India promoters, a bullion trader and Goa miners against whom it has started prosecution for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
“There may be some legal account holders in the foreign bank. But considering the greater public good, government should come out with the full list,” said Bhushan, adding that the government should immediately stop all Hawala routes.
Bhushan also rejected government’s argument that the list of the black money holders cannot be continued…

Missing IOC officer found insidejunglePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 27, 2014 9:45 pm
Kaushik Bora, an executive director at the Digboi refinery of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), who had gone missing on Sunday, was rescued by the police from inside the Upper Dihing reserve forest on Sunday.
Bora was located about two kms deep inside the forest from the spot where his personal car was found on the Digboi-Pengeri-Bordumsa Road, Tinsukia district SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh said. “Bora was lying in an unconscious state inside the forest, but we have not found any link to any abduction as suspected earlier,” Singh said.
The SP said Bora was admitted to the Digboi Refinery hospital after being rescued during a search operation launched in the forest for nearly 20 hours. His mobile phone however was missing. “He was bitten by leeches and other insects too,” the SP said.
Bora, the SP said, had reportedly suffered from depression in the past few weeks and had also undergone a check-up at Apollo Hospital, New Delhi recently. The officer, who had gone out of his residence in his personal car at around 10:30 AM yesterday, was reported missing by his family at around 4 PM. His car was later found parked near a forest on the Digboi-Pengeri-Bordumsa Road about 10 kms away from Digboi town.

US Stocks Slip as Oil Prices Continue to LanguishThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Gym owner  software engineers assault northeast couple in BangaloreNow, a Nagaland couple assaulted in Bangalore
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 27, 2014
First Published: 20:46 IST(27/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:22 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Days after the Manipuri student Michael Haokip was assaulted for not knowing Kannada, another couple from Nagaland was assaulted on the outskirts of the city by four men who called them "foreigners" and "NRI".
The victims, who requested the media for anonymity, have said in their complaint to the police that the man was punched and the woman slapped by them.
Although the attack happened on Saturday, the issue came to light on Monday after the arrest of the four men. They have been identified as Rathan, Mahesh, Harish and Ananth. Mahesh, Harish and Ananth are software engineers and Rathan owns a gym.
Getting these men booked, however, was hardly an easy task for the couple. They were turned back from two police stations they visited by policemen who refused to register a complaint.
They finally approached the nodal police officer appointed to address grievances of people from the northeast states living in Karnataka. The FIR was registered only on Sunday afternoon, more than 24 hours after the incident.
Narrating the horror, the Nagamese man told reporters that he had gone for a drive with his wife and their friend to a picturesque part of the city when their car had a flat tyre.
As they tried to repair the car, they were approached by four men who came in a SUV.
The victims claimed that the men called them NRIs and foreigners and demanded to know what they were doing at such a lonely spot. Soon, they started pushing the man around and when the woman intervened, she too was slapped.
"They kept repeating that we should leave India," said the man, who is a software engineer and has lived in the city for 13 years.
Although home minister KJ George avoided the media, sources in his office said that an enquiry will be conducted to ascertain why the police delayed the FIR.

Fed Will Likely Signal No Rate Hike Anytime SoonThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Why the end of Camp Leatherneck in Afghanistan mattersBy Dan Lamothe October 27 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. Marines board a C-130J Super Hercules transport plane to Kandahar, Afghanistan, on Monday as U.S. and British troops withdraw from Helmand province, Afghanistan, and its massive main base, camps Leatherneck and Bastion. AFP PHOTO/WAKIL KOHSAR WAKIL KOHSAR/AFP/Getty Images
Shortly before I embedded with U.S. combat troops in southern Afghanistan for a third time in October 2012, my girlfriend at the time said something reassuring.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “I love you from here to Camp Leatherneck.”
It’s a sentiment many Americans can relate to. The installation, built adjacent to the British base Camp Bastion in 2008, grew into a sprawling, dusty, military metropolis, and the main hub of the war effort in violent Helmand province. Tens of thousands of U.S. troops served on Leatherneck and flowed through it to smaller bases, as President Obama’s surged forces into the region to both root out the insurgency and train the Afghan military and police.
On Sunday, the United States and Britain turned over control of Leatherneck and Bastion to the Afghan military they have been training for years. A few other major coalition installations in the country will remain, but the transition is one of the most dramatic milestones to date in the winding down of the Afghanistan War.
In many ways, the war in Helmand was a perfect microcosm of the larger conflict. Combat operations there killed hundreds of coalitions troops and maimed many more, as they tangled with the Taliban in brightly colored poppy fields, muddy canals and desert compounds. The danger posed by improvised explosive devices was everywhere — on roads, in canals, even in walls. Those who stepped out on foot patrols still reflect on it.
Helmand also served as an excellent example of how Obama’s strategy forced expensive decisions on the battlefield. At Leatherneck, it meant numerous new housing complexes, gyms, office buildings, chow halls and the construction of a mile-long runway, even with the planned withdrawal of troops. Some facilities turned out to be unnecessary, including a two-story, 64,000-square foot operations center that cost $34 million and collected cobwebs .
A Marine with 3rd Battalion, 8th Marines, balances as he wades through water on a patrol in Afghanistan’s Helmand province on June 22, 2012. AFP PHOTO / ADEK BERRYADEK BERRY/AFP/GettyImages
The Leatherneck-Bastion complex also was the site of one of the most spectacular and infamous attacks of the war. Fifteen armed fighters sneaked onto Bastion on Sept. 14, 2012, launching an attack with grenades, machine guns and other weapons that killed two Marines — Lt. Col. Christopher Raible, 40, and Sgt. Bradley Atwell, 27 — wounded 17 other coalition members and destroyed or severely damaged nine aircraft. That, too, could be a seen as a symbol. The Taliban increasingly launched high-profile attacks as the war progressed, capitalizing on vulnerabilities the coalition showed.
The turnover of Camp Leatherneck leaves many troops who have been there with mixed feelings. Uneven results recently from the Afghan military still facing the Taliban in Helmand raise questions about what the region will look like without coalition involvement. The region is far from Kabul politically and geographically, And many wonder what their sacrifices ultimately will yield. But there’s also recognition that the U.S. had to turn Leatherneck over at some point.
@USMC It’s just going to fall within a week

How To Make Your Business Team More Productive For Introvertsreddit
If you encounter an individual who considers the prospect of working on a team to be a form of long-acting torture -- you just might find they would describe themselves as an "introvert." To an introvert, teaming can become a bit of a workplace nightmare -- in direct opposition to how they would normally approach their work . The essence of teaming experiences, including vying for airtime to present ideas, can put off an otherwise satisfied employee. Ultimately, the often "on-demand" nature of team participation, doesn't always align with all personalities or work styles.
But, introverts, those who tend to "focus inward," can still excel in the realm of teams. For a significant percentage of the US that describe themselves as an "introvert", team membership shouldn't boil down to becoming louder to be heard. As expressed by Laura Richardson, VP at of The Innovation Games Company , "Introverts shouldn't be relegated to catching the team leader in the hallway, after the meeting to share their opinions comfortably".
Sophia Dembling, author of The Introvert's Way: Living a Quiet Life in a Noisy World , explains that teaming can be a positive experience for introverts, as long as they have the opportunity to process information in a manner in line with their work-style strengths. "Introverts don't mind meeting with a team," she says. "We know that's necessary for strategizing. But we prefer if our contribution to the larger project is something we can do by ourselves, then bring back to the team. We're most productive when we can focus quietly and independently on a task."
There is good reason to ensure that introverts participate fully in the team process. In fact, research has shown that the hesitancy to monopolize the conversation can actually make them powerful team members. Why? Introverts tend to listen to suggestions more openly, in comparison to their extroverted colleagues -- a tremendous advantage when developing solutions.
Here are some ideas to help team membership become more productive for introverts:
Build mutual respect. It can appear that introverts and extroverts are from different workplace planets. As a result, it is imperative that we understand, and respect, the differences in the way we each process information.
Utilize solitary ideation. Introverts are more sensitive to the stimulation that occurs while interacting with a team. Offer opportunities for introverts to start the idea generation process before a team meeting is held. Distribute information concerning the focus of the challenge, the anticipated obstacles and goals, before the first team meeting.
Build confidence in the process. One strategy to increase confidence in the team process can be borrowed from the theater. GameChangers , which utilizes improvisation to enhance communication skills, uses learning-based exercises to help all team members. "Improvisational game structure gives even the most introverted players on a team a point of focus that allows them to confront concerns regarding the social dynamics of collaborating," says Mike Bonifer, co-founder and CEO.
Take control. Encouraging broad participation in a group can require careful direction. First on the list -- controlling the mine fields that deter full participation. "Loud talkers" and "Interrupters" who squelch the input of other team members, must be addressed. Set guidelines for participation. If negative behavior persists, deal with the problem privately.
Use the 8 second rule. During team meetings, try not change topics or shift gears too abruptly. Pause and wait 8 seconds before moving on to the next topic. You may find that this brief pause, allows an introvert time to chime in and share an opinion.
Game it. Gaming applications offer an interesting alternative to effectively gather information from all types of team members. From the early phases of the ideation process -- to weighing options -- gaming can help collect potential solutions and visualize the entire decision process. An added plus: "loud talker" no longer dominates the conversation. ( See The Innovation Games website here. )
How do you help your introverted team members shine? Are you a "card carrying" introvert?
Dr. Marla Gottschalk is an Organizational Psychologist, consultant and speaker. She also writes The Office Blend . This post first appeared on LinkedIn .
Follow Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MRGottschalk
More:

Does Raising the Minimum Wage Hurt Employment Evidence from Chinareddit
Raising the minimum wage is a polarizing issue. One side worries that raising it will lower employment. The other side downplays the impact on employment and plays up the positive impact on the living standards of the poor. Both sides are able to cling to their beliefs as the evidence, much of which comes from high-income ("advanced") economies, is mixed.
The majority of the global labor force, however, is in the emerging markets. Moreover, for a number of these countries, instituting a minimum wage or raising it is squarely on the policy agenda. But little is known about the impacts of minimum wages on employment and living standards in emerging markets.
My recent work with Yi Huang and Gewei Wang tries to fill this gap by studying the impact of minimum wage policies on employment in China. As China accounts for nearly 25 percent of the global labor force, this evidence is important in its own right; it may also be more relevant for other emerging markets than the evidence from high-income countries.
The evidence  
Our study is the first to use data on minimum wage changes for over 2,400 counties in China. We combine the information on minimum wages changes with employment data from the Annual Survey of Industrial Firms, which covers over 70 percent of China's manufacturing employment. While China instituted a minimum wage system in 1994, enforcement of compliance with the law was significantly tightened only in 2004; the results described below are based on post-2004 data.
So what does the evidence show? On average across all firms, we find that an increase in the minimum wage leads to a small decline in employment: a 10 percent increase in the minimum wage lowers employment by a little over 1 percent. The impact differs across firms, being greater in low-wage firms than in high-wage firms. This is shown in Figure 1, where firms are grouped into deciles based on the average wage. In the decile of firms with the lowest wages, a 10 percent increase in minimum wages lowers employment by nearly 1.8 percent. The impact declines steadily such that for the decile of firms with the highest wages, the impact is 0.6 percent.
We also find that the impact of the minimum wage on a firm's wages depends on where the firm stands in the distribution of wages. On average, an increase in the minimum wage raises wages by about 1 percent. But, as shown in Figure 2, for firms in the lowest decile, the increase is about 2.5 percent. The effect declines steadily and there is essentially no impact for the highest decile.
A glimpse behind the scenes
Teasing out the impact of the minimum wage on employment is a difficult task. A firm's employment can be affected by many factors, not all of which can be accounted for easily. Hence there is often a concern that the impact attributed to changes in the minimum wage may in fact be due to some factor that remains unaccounted for or is unobservable to the researcher.
To guard against this, the evidence presented above is based on analysis in which numerous other factors that could affect employment are accounted for, as described in detail in the working paper. One strategy we use is akin to the study of twins in many areas of research -- the idea there is that since twins share much of the same genetic make-up, any observed differences between them are likely not due to genetic reasons but to other factors. In our study we make the assumption that firms in contiguous regions are more likely to have similar employment trends.
We then estimate the impact of the minimum wage on a firm's employment, controlling for developments in employment at its 'twin firm'. Without such controls, the estimated impact of the minimum wage is qualitatively similar to that shown in Figure 1 above but quantitatively smaller on average (see an earlier blog for details).
Policy implications
Information on the employment and wage impacts of minimum wage changes is a critical ingredient in deciding where to set the level of the minimum wage. Our study provides the first comprehensive estimates of these impacts for China, which has a large labor force and whose experience may be relevant for several other emerging markets.
Our evidence suggests that a 10 percent increase in the minimum wage lowers employment by 1 percent. Impacts of this magnitude have been found in studies for high-income countries but generally for sub-groups such as teenagers or low-skilled workers.
We also find significant differences in the impact of minimum wages on employment and wages across low-wage and high-wage firms. In low-wage firms, raising the minimum wage lowers employment but raises wages more than in high-wage firms. The setting of the minimum wage has to be sensitive to these differential effects. As in the case of other labor market institutions, the design of a minimum wage system has to balance considerations of equity and efficiency (see Blanchard, Jaumotte and Loungani , 2014 for a fuller discussion). Minimum wages can help the cause of equity by ensuring that workers, particularly low-wage workers, have enough to live on. But if raising the minimum wage lowers employment, and ends up excluding low-wage workers from employment prospects, it may have adverse effects on both welfare and efficiency.

Qatar to buy HSBCs global HQ for 1.1bnQatar to buy HSBC’s global HQ for £1.1bn
Arash Massoudi, Kate Allen and Henny Sender
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11129e26-5ded-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazilian bidders win Chiquita for $1.3bnBrazilians win bitter $1.3bn battle for banana company Chiquita
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98af93ca-5de8-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks hit by weak crude pricesEnergy stocks fall as crude prices dip
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59ed8e-5d82-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Twitter investors eye today s earnings reportWhat Twitter investors are chirping about
By: Matt Krantz October 27, 2014 12:26 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
It’s time for social media stocks to do less talking and more showing. This is a big week for social media earnings reports — starting today with Twitter (TWTR) .
The online service that allows investors to share short messages is expected to report a quarterly profit of a penny a share, reversing a year-ago loss of 13 cents a share. Revenue is expected to more than double, rising 109% to $252 million, says S&P Capital IQ.
UPDATE: Twitter’s results now in. The company met expectations, stock down.
Those are the numbers Twitter investors say they’re looking for — but they’re actually looking for more. The company has beaten earnings estimates in each of the past three earnings quarters, S&P Capital IQ says. During the quarter ended in June, for instance, Twitter made 2 cents a share, well ahead of the expected 3-cents-a-share loss.
Good numbers are needed to get this stock going:
Talk is centering around Twitter to actually earn a profit of 3 cents a share. Anything less would be seen as the company laying an egg.

http://usat.ly/1rvVTWLFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
SNL host Jim Carrey spoofs McConaughey's Lincoln ads
Among comic Jim Carrey's better performances on NBC's  Saturday Night Live  was his parody of Matthew McConaughey in those Lincoln commercials.  "You don't buy a Lincoln because it makes sense," Carrey says in
Post to Facebook
SNL host Jim Carrey spoofs McConaughey's Lincoln ads Among comic Jim Carrey's better performances on NBC's  Saturday Night Live  was his parody of Matthew McConaughey in those Lincoln commercials.  "You don't buy a Lincoln because it makes sense," Carrey says in Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wuv7DB
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
SNL host Jim Carrey spoofs McConaughey's Lincoln ads
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 6:22 p.m. EDT October 27, 2014
Jim Carrey plays the role of Matthew McConaughey in a parody of his Lincoln ads on "Saturday Night Live."
(Photo: YouTube/NBC)
834 CONNECT 61 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Among comic Jim Carrey's better performances on NBC's Saturday Night Live was his parody of Matthew McConaughey in those Lincoln commercials.
"You don't buy a Lincoln because it makes sense," Carrey says in that distinctive McConaughey twang as he tools around in an MKC. The parody was so good that Carrey made it a running joke with three different fake ads for The Lincoln Motor Co. during the show.
The third was actually a double spoof, combining a takeoff on the Allstate "in good hands" commercial with, once again, McConaughey in his Lincoln.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wuv7DB
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://bit.ly/ZUx3t4Christopher Snow
October 27, 2014
From dramas like The Walking Dead to books like World War Z and even reality shows like Doomsday Preppers, zombies are everywhere in popular media these days.
Now, we're not going to suggest that all standalone freezer owners are also preppers, but we do imagine the opposite is probably true. You've got to have ample meat storage to survive the long winter that'll follow Z-Day, after all.
Well, if you fall into that group, we have some good news! UK-based Tiger Log Cabins has introduced an apocalypse-proof compound for the prepper set—the ZFC-1 Zombie Fortification Cabin.
This three-building, two-floor, seven-room kit is (as far as we can tell) absolutely not a Halloween prank. And at 44 by 30 feet, it's by far the largest cabin sold by the company, which otherwise specializes in small sheds and other garden structures.
The ZFC-1 even comes with an Xbox. In a zombie apocalypse, you've gotta pass the time somehow.
But this is no shed. The ZFC-1 is equipped with reinforced slit windows, an upper deck and/or vantage point with escape hatch, toilet plumbing, a fenced outdoor garden, a garage, a kitchen area, an arsenal for storing weapons, security cameras, solar panels for electric power, and a living area complete with an Xbox.
Yep, an Xbox. Gotta pass the time somehow.
Best of all, the ZFC-1 comes with a 10-year "Anti-Zombie Guarantee" that, and we quote, "offers protection against all forms of zombie—this includes voodoo zombies, brooks zombies, and fast infected zombies." The only catch? You have to provide "medical evidence of the presence of a zombie" if you want to cash in on your claim. Not that you'd be alive to do so.
Ground floor on the left and "1st floor"—or as we call it stateside, "2nd floor"—on the right View Larger
Altogether, the complete package—including optional extras like installation, security cameras, a "riot protection outfit", and solar panels—will run you about $146,000. That's actually not so bad for what's essentially a small, armored house—even if you're not a hardcore survivalist.
To buy the ZFC-1 (and please, please let us know if you do), head over to TigerLogCabins.com . And while you're there, check out the customer reviews—they're priceless.
The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

http://usat.ly/1pR8xjDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Reliability survey: Infotainment 'plagues' new cars
Consumer Reports says infotainment systems appear to be the most troublesome feature in 2014 vehicles. And those problems suggest the vehicle as a whole could be unreliable.  "Infotainment system problems
Post to Facebook
Reliability survey: Infotainment 'plagues' new cars Consumer Reports says infotainment systems appear to be the most troublesome feature in 2014 vehicles. And those problems suggest the vehicle as a whole could be unreliable.  "Infotainment system problems Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tZxaSd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
47
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Reliability survey: Infotainment 'plagues' new cars
James R. Healey, USA TODAY 9:24 p.m. EDT October 27, 2014
Video Keywords Jeep Cherokee Fiat 500 Ford Fiesta Mercedes-Benz Nissan Pathfinder Grand Cherokee Jeep Grand Cherokee Cherokee aria systems consumer magazine sub compact USA today Fiat
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard takes a look at the six vehicles that Consumer Reports magazine says are giving their owners the most  trouble. /Sean Fujiwara
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  If reluctant to avoid a serious case of buyer's remorse
00:06  and influential consumer magazine says there's some cards you may want
00:09  to avoid at the moment. I'm Chris what did USA today
00:13  and consumer reports magazine has just listed the three cars and
00:17  three suvs. That place deadly blast in there and a listing
00:20  of most unreliable models. Why are owners having to keep bringing
00:25  back their cars to the dealers for repairs. Let's take a
00:28  look at some of them. The Fiat 500 L is the
00:31  squared off version of the final little 500 sub compact. But
00:35  ouch Fiat may really stand for fix it again Tony after
00:39  all. Honors the plane a problem with you connect entertainment system
00:43  and the transmission. The Ford Fiesta is also a fun little
00:48  car but donors say there's nothing fun about its automatic transmission.
00:53  Then there's the Mercedes-Benz CLA. It's so popular that Mercedes is
00:57  having trouble keeping it stopped but owners say they're seeing trouble
01:01  with the engine the aria systems and electrical. Plus they're pairing
01:05  squeaks and rattles something you'd never sitting countering a luxury car
01:09  as for suvs. Owners are complaining about the new Jeep Cherokee.
01:14  Never mind it's funky polarizing looks the issue here is bugs
01:18  in the new ninth speed transmission. And the four cylinder version
01:22  gets twice the number of complaints as the sex. The charities
01:25  larger sibling the Jeep Grand Cherokee as a new version of
01:29  the diesel engine. But the fuel system Ford is giving fits
01:32  to some honors. Lastly. Nissan Pathfinder is hugely popular as an
01:37  SUV but it got a new CBP transmission. And many owners
01:42  are less than thrilled. Models like the Mercedes CLA in the
01:45  Jeep Cherokee or new and that means there's issues to be
01:48  worked out. But these other guys what's their excuse for USA
01:53  today I'm Chris what you're.
The second-generation Scion xB has been a slow seller for Toyota, but it is the most reliable car overall in the latest Consumer Reports survey.
(Photo: Toyota)
402 CONNECT 265 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 47 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Consumer Reports says infotainment systems appear to be the most troublesome feature in 2014 vehicles.
In fact, it considers them a "growing first-year reliability plague," referring to models in the first year after introduction or a redesign.
That conclusion is part of the results announced today of the publication's annual Auto Reliability Survey. The publication solicits replies from readers to a questionnaire about their cars and analyzes the results -- this year based on more than a million responses -- to predict the reliability of new vehicles by brand and model.
CR said the worst example of the infotainment phenomena in this year's crop of new models is the In Touch system in the Infiniti Q50 sedan. More than one in five owners said it didn't work right. That, combined with other reliability issues in the Infiniti QX60 SUV, pulled Infiniti's overall brand reliability ranking down 14 places to 20th -- the biggest drop of any of the 28 brands in the survey this year.
Electronic issues also can be a signal that the vehicle may have other problems, the magazine said.
"Infotainment system problems generally don't exist in a vacuum," said Jake Fisher, director of automotive testing at Consumer Reports. "A close look at the results suggests that cars with a lot of in-car electronic issues usually have plenty of other troubles, too."
Entry-level 2014 Mercedes-Benz CLA250 is among the least reliable cars in the latest Consumer Reports reliability survey.Says CR: "A raft of problems, including squeaks and rattles; engine issues, bad audio and electrical problems." 
(Photo: Mercedes-Benz, Wieck)
The optional diesel in the the Jeep Grand Cherokee was big news when launched, and got a good review from Consumer Reports, but the diesel's fuel system has probed troublesome, putting it on the CR 'worst' list. 
(Photo: PR NEWSWIRE)
The Ford Fiesta nailed a low spot on Consumer Reports' 2014 reliability list because, CR says, "Owners didn’t like the automatic transmission." 
(Photo: Ford)
Nissan  Pathfinder, now a crossover SUV, got a new continuously variable-ratio automatic transmission (CVT) and "owners didn’t like," CR says. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Jeep Cherokee, belated replacement for the Jeep Liberty, is a boffo seller, but, Consumer Reports says, "The nine-speed transmission was an issue and the four-cylinder version had twice as many complaints as the V-6."  
(Photo: PR NEWSWIRE)
Fiat made the 500 bigger to draw more buyers. But the change didn't boost its reliability score in Consumer Reports' latest survey. CR: "Bad infotainment system, using a version of Chrysler‘s UConnect, and balky transmission."  
(Photo: Chris Carlson, AP)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Podcast with Richard Reinsch of Law and Liberty BlogComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Dabur promoter among 8 named in blackmoney listDabur promoter among 8 named in blackmoney list
Five Principles for Taming the Wild West of Beyond the Grid Clean Energy Policyreddit
Misguided and inappropriate safeguards threaten to handicap some of the most dynamic and innovative approaches to ending energy poverty for 1.3 billion people around the world.
That the findings of Sierra Club's latest report -- Expanding Energy Access: Beyond The Grid --  which proposes five policy principles to ensure clean energy access markets thrive.
If we don't fill the vacuum of safeguards that exist for companies serving those living beyond the reach of the grid, we threaten the long term viability of these beyond the grid clean energy markets. These approaches are already pioneering cutting-edge Machine to Machine (M2M) technology, dynamic financial innovations like pay as you go (PAYG) , and even big data to unlock clean energy for low-income populations. That's all while unlocking tremendous economic opportunity in a $12 billion market .
But all of that is threatened if policymakers don't set appropriate rules of the road. Without rules, we all but ensure that those most in need of energy solutions pay the price for the most expensive electron -- the one that isn't delivered. An outcome no one wants to see because without access to electricity, communities may suffer from poor healthcare and restricted opportunities for economic advancement.
In order to ensure these markets continue to grow rapidly and deliver for low-income populations, we've identified five principles for policymakers to abide by:
1. Energy Services Not Electrons: It was the LED light bulb, not just the falling price of solar, that unlocked clean energy for low-income populations by bringing down the size of all components in a solar home system. It's vital we apply that principle -- that energy efficiency unlocks clean energy for low-income populations -- to the next steps of energy service delivery. That means supporting the deployment and development of highly efficient appliances and agricultural equipment.
2. Build Markets From The Bottom Up: Starting with 'pico' power -- like solar lanterns and solar home systems -- populations get onto the energy ladder by displacing existing expenditures on dirty kerosene lighting. Lighting, however, is the beginning, not the end, of energy access. As people move up the energy ladder to higher levels of access, policymakers should transition deployment support to full access technologies like mini-grids and larger solar home systems.
3. Level The Playing Field With Fossil Fuels: Right now, clean energy access providers are getting hit both coming and going. Their competitors -- fossil fuel companies -- are highly subsidized, but clean energy companies are taxed. Policymakers should seek to direct fossil fuel subsidies directly to low-income populations and gradually eliminate the fossil fuel industry's support over time (see Michael Liebrich's paper on this here ). At the same time, policymakers should focus on reducing taxes, like value added taxes (VAT) on solar products , which hinder our ability to end energy poverty.
4. Unlock Finance: In many ways, enabling access to finance is job number one. Public policy can help achieve that in part by setting the rules of the road. But it can achieve it more directly by de-risking private investment through loan guarantees. In certain cases, like mini-grids, subsidy support -- in the form of innovative approaches like rural feed-in tariffs (rFit) -- are required to unlock the market. Regardless, the effect of access to finance, particularly for consumers, is dramatic.
5. Define Utility Regulations In The Off-Grid And Mini-Grid Space: This is perhaps the largest looming threat to the burgeoning beyond the grid clean energy industry. There simply is no policy certainty for companies in this market, and policymakers need to ensure light touch regulation that accommodates, rather than precludes, the growth of the clean energy industry by, amongst other things, defining what constitutes a utility and benchmarking prices to protect consumers.
We firmly believe that these solar companies should be regulated and consumers protected. But current clumsy attempts to fit a square peg in a round hole can have unintended, harmful impacts by -- amongst other things -- handicapping the ability to charge consumers what is required for a sustainable business model. By applying the body of regulations and policymaking designed for the operational realities of the grid -- like benchmarking prices against grid resources instead of diesel generators -- we ensure the most expensive power of all: its absence.
That means we need a whole new body policy steeped in the realities of the populations living beyond the reach of the grid whom we are attempting to serve. This will require new innovative, light-touch policy making to ensure rules of the road so that investment continues to flow and that these markets remain as innovative as ever in their quest to end energy poverty.
Follow Justin Guay on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Guay_JG
More:

http://usat.ly/1FQyBp3EMAIL
Photo: Nino Munoz/ 2014 The CW Network, LLC.
Fast-moving markets can be a nitro boost for certain stocks — making them look like a streaking blur. Investors are watching which of these stocks are racing ahead of the market — but pros still think they have room to run.
There are six stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including medical firm Mylan (MYL) , industrial giant Textron (TXT) and energy firm Tesoro (TSO) , that are in a fast track of their own. All these stocks are up 10% or more over the past 30 days, up this year and still have 10% or more upside before hitting analysts’ 18-month price targets, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. All the stocks have average “outperform” ratings from the analysts.
During fast-changing markets, like the one investors have endured this month so far, some stocks can show the kind of speed they’re capable of. But recent volatility is a reminder investors can’t just chase after winners and blindly hope the stocks keep up the pace. That’s why it’s wise to consider which stocks not only have momentum — but still have open road to keep it going.
When it comes to blisteringly fast stocks that analysts still see plenty of upside for it’s hard to beat Mylan.  The maker of both generic and branded drugs has raced ahead 10.3% over the past 30 days to $51.22. That’s an impressive run if you consider the S&P 500 during the same time is down 1.7%. And even though shares of Mylan are up 18% this year, analysts see even more blazing trails ahead. Analysts say this stock could rise rise 14% before hitting the average price target of $58.46. That’s well above the 9.9% average gain analysts are forecasting for all the S&P 500 stocks, on average.
Textron, the industrial giant which makes everything from helicopters to golf carts, has been lighting it up lately. Shares have added 7.2% over the past 30 days to $38.76. The recent surge is putting the stock back on track. Textron shares are up 5.4% year-to-date, while positive, lags the S&P 500’s 2014 gain so far of 6.3%. Perhaps that’s one reason why analysts feel so confident to see the stock rising another 13% before hitting the 18-month price target of $43.64.
Certainly, the analysts could simply be getting swept up in the excitement of stocks on the move and assuming the run can continue. But there’s no question these stocks have plenty of speed going into the end of the year. And investors hope this speed might even push the stocks beyond what the analysts are calling for.
S&P 500 STOCKS UP YEAR-TO-DATE, UP 10% OR MORE PAST 30 DAYS AND WITH 10% OR GREATER UPSIDE BEFORE HITTING THEIR 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Company

Black money: Govt affidavit names seven persons  a mining firm; no politician in first listBlack money: Govt affidavit names seven persons  a mining firm; no politician in first list
European stocks drop as German data trump bank testsEuropean stocks drop as German data trump bank tests
Apna Dal chief sacks daughter Anupriya from top partypostAnupriya Patel
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:10 am
The ongoing family feud in the Apna Dal took its first toll Monday as party national president Krishna Patel removed her daughter and Mirzapur MP Anupriya Patel from the post of national general secretary on charges of “indiscipline and unconstitutional acts”.
In a statement, Krishna Patel said “the ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh” has brought both the family and the Apna Dal “at a crossroad”.
“Anupriya had been warned on previous occasions. But due to personal ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh, party workers who have been with the Apna Dal for 18-19 years are being disrespected. On October 20, Anupriya assumed all powers of the state president in my absence and (over the past few weeks) unconstitutionally expelled many party workers, including the state president. She claimed to the media that she is the final authority in the party,” Krishna said.
In a statement issued late on Monday, Anupriya refuted all of Krishna’s allegations point-by-point. “Some self-serving persons in the family and the party want to break the Apna Dal-BJP alliance,” she told The Indian Express. She added that a party meeting will be called within a week to decide on the future course.
On Monday, The Indian Express had reported that owing to differences within the family, Anupriya had decided to skip the party’s foundation day celebrations in Varanasi. She has, instead, chosen to participate in a similar programme in Allahabad.
Krishna cited this as one the reasons behind removing Anupriya from her post.
“As soon as she became an MLA (in 2012), she started behaving tyrannically and also designated herself as chief general secretary, instead of general secretary, which led to a feeling of insecurity among other general secretaries,” Krishna said. Krishna also claimed that Anupriya had threatened to merge the party with the BJP if she was not allowed to contest Lok Sabha elections this year. Already an MLA from Rohaniya, Anupriya won the election from Mirzapur. Krishna had then unsuccessfully contested the byelections to Rohaniya, losing out to the SP.
“Subsequently, when party workers from all over the state started working for our victory in Rohaniya, Anupriya and Ashish formed a new national committee and jeopardised my chances by handing them the responsibility of the campaign,” Krishna claimed.

Space Station Dodges Junk From Old SatelliteThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Secular bull market not over: Sonderssecular bull market not over: sonders
Wall St. eases after last week s big gain; energy weighsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Black Money trail: Pankaj Lodhiya - Bullion trader from RajkotBlack Money trail: Pankaj Lodhiya - Bullion trader from Rajkot
Happy New Year earnings drop but enters Rs 100-cr clubHappy New Year earnings drop but enters Rs 100-cr club
Fixing the recall system1
The decades-old recall system has drawn fire for years but is facing perhaps its most intense scrutiny. As GM car owners and dealerships wait for more new switches from a supplier, GM is scrambling to explain why it took more than 10 years to issue a recall that could have saved lives.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the federal agency in charge of recalls, is also under fire from Congress and safety advocates for not recognizing the problem years earlier and forcing a recall of the switches, now blamed for 13 deaths and at least 47 crashes.
Congressional committees and the Justice Department are investigating, with criminal penalties possible. One legislative proposal, designed to give the system more teeth, would raise the maximum civil fine to $300 million from $35 million for an automaker's failure to inform the NHTSA of safety defects. Last month, the agency announced the maximum $35 million fine for GM.
Safety advocates say the agency needs more power and staff to police the massive industry and performance of 250 million vehicles on the nation's roads.
The agency has defended itself before two congressional committees, saying the problem would have been recognized sooner had GM been more forthcoming with vital information.
GM said it has overhauled its system for recognizing and acting on safety problems earlier, including creating an executive committee in charge of recalls and creating a new global safety chief. An independent internal investigation ordered by GM CEO Mary Barra released June 5 condemned the company for its decadelong failure to fix the deadly safety defect and led to the dismissal of 15 GM employees.
The current recall system is a shared responsibility between the traffic safety agency and automakers, which are expected to notify regulators and the public of safety issues and to initiate voluntary recalls. The safety agency also researches crashes and traffic data and can order recalls.
The system broke down with GM and the agency failing, together and each separately, to decide to recall defective switches that first showed problems in 2001. GM did not issue the first of several recalls for the switches until February. Safety advocates and members of Congress are demanding reform and more accountability.
Rep. Fred Upton, a Michigan Republican and chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said his panel's investigation into the recall could lead to changes in the safety agency's regulatory powers. "We know NHTSA did not identify the problem, but we don't fully know why," he said. "Right now, it is still too early to tell if and what changes need to be made."
Before several congressional committees this year, the NHTSA has said the burden is on automakers to monitor defects and report them within five business days if motorist safety is at risk.
Critics say the agency relies too much on auto companies to self-report problems. But the agency is dwarfed by the sprawling industry it regulates. With just 591 employees, it is responsible for overseeing the safety of all vehicles on the nation's roads.
The agency's Office of Defects Investigation, which reviews more than 45,000 complaints a year, has 51 people.
The agency also points out that its mission is more about promoting driver safety and less about policing safety defects. The agency said it gets more bang for its buck and saves more lives investing in safe driving campaigns, such as nationwide seat belt, anti-texting and anti-drunken-driving promotions. Regulators said they need the industry to self-report safety issues and to initiate its own safety recalls reliably for the system to work.
"The bottom line is that safety is a shared responsibility," said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, whose department oversees the agency. "There are some situations when automakers are in a better position than NHTSA to know information."
As for reaching out to owners of recalled GM cars, Jeff Boyer, its first-ever vice president of global vehicle safety, said, "We're exploring some new avenues on how we can get in better touch with those customers."
Alisa Priddle and Todd Spangler of the Detroit Free Press contributed.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Curse of the crammed diary© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ebe6b24-561a-11e4-93b3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ballmer makes slam dunk on Clippers dealBallmer makes slam dunk on Clippers deal
Arash Massoudi and Alan Livsey in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67215cd2-5d00-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama Taking Action to Push ManufacturingThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Gujarat braces for cyclone NilofarYou are here: Home > Collections > Kandla
Gujarat braces for cyclone Nilofar
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Anandiben Patel
(Authorities have told ports…)
NEW DELHI: Gujarat will shift people from coastal regions to safer places starting Tuesday, said state authorities, as a cyclone developed over the Arabian Sea is expected to make landfall in Kutch district on Friday, packing winds of 100-110 kmph.
On Monday, Cyclone Nilofar lay centred about 1,170 km southwest of Naliya in Kutch, 1,230 km south-southwest of Karachi in Pakistan and 880 km east - southeast of Oman' Salalah. It would move north-westwards and then re-curve north-eastwards and cross north Gujarat and adjoining Pakistan coast around Naliya on Friday morning, the met department said. Gujarat's coastal districts are expected to get heavy rainfall as the cyclone approaches.
Authorities have told ports along the Gujarat coast, including Mundra, Kandla, Mandvi and Porbander, to be prepared for any eventuality. "Port operation are going on as present and will continue," said an official of the Gujarat Maritime Board.
Mundra is the biggest private port in India. The region also houses companies, including manufactures of steel, fertiliser, chemical and pipes along the industrial towns of Lakhpat, Mandvi, Kandla, Ghandhidham and Mundra.
Chief Minister Anandiben Patel said the state government is ready to face the cyclone. "Fishermen have been called back. We have taken all precautions," she said.
Parimal Nathwani, Rajya Sabha MP and Reliance Industries group president (corporate affairs and projects), said they had faced two cyclones in the last 12 years and didn't expect any major damage to operations. "The state government is monitoring the situation and we expect things to be normal once the landfall occurs," he said.
"Iffco Kandla faced severe cyclone in 1998 which we successfully withstood. I am confident that cyclone Nilofar will be handled better," said US Awasthi, managing director of India's largest fertiliser company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nice Perq If You Can Get It; "Pre-cations" and "Vaca  Your Way"reddit
Pre-cations are paid vacations before starting a new job including salary and expenses for your chosen trip. Is this reality or California Dreamin'?
Looking for work with the ultimate (perquisite) perq? You can get it if you try. This just may be the answer to your dreams, vacation dream that is.
On Huffpost Live , I had the pleasure to share a segment about pre-vactions with Huffpost Live Host Nancy Redd, Jeffrey Diana, Chief People Officer from Australian company  Atlassian based in California and Rafat Ali, the CEO of Skift, the largest travel industry marketing platform. It is well worth tuning in to the segment to see one of the newest trends in employment. You're hired, now go on an all expenses and salary paid vacation before you start work.
We have found it folks, the premier perq on the planet. On the surface, this looks a little crazy but the concept is grounded in serious reality at software company Atlassian.  They not only give pre-cations, they give their employees all the time off they want in a Vaca' Your Way Program. They want new employees to clear their heads before making the transition to their company, give back to the newbies before starting.  Ongoing, they make sure employees have all the time off necessary to keep them productive and happy -- a relatively small cost to the company according to Chief People Officer Diana.
The pre-cation concept is likened to giving the new box of crayons to the new kids in class. But at Atlassian, the more seasoned workers get paid trips every three or so years. Is the message here, once they start work they will be working uber schedules and work excessive hours?
Joining Atlassian, is a small percentage of companies that don't limit and don't track attendance. The benchmark measures whether they simply get the work done. To name a few, Zynga, Groupon, Ask.com, Motley Fool and the Virgin Group .
Atlassian is not a publicly held company. According to Diana, they are pre-initial public offering (IPO).  A privately held organization has a unique ability to make decisions about employee expenditures and reward systems but that may change with an IPO. With public stockholders, expenditures may be a challenge for this extreme type of time off culture, or perhaps not with their proven success.
In reality, this is not a new concept; new employees have been given signing bonuses since the early 1900s. The practice took a dip in the most recent decades due to economic downturn. Signing bonuses waned with a surplus of candidates.  But studies show signing bonuses show dedication and recognition of their talents.
Statistics are clear; employees are reluctant to take vacation. According to Rafat Ali , CEO of Skift, 51 percent of employees haven't taken a vacation day in 2014 and 63 percent haven't traveled in over a year. Employees are concerned that they will be deemed less valuable if they take time off. Many cannot afford vacations and spend money without salary increases.
The average American workweek now consists of 46.7 hours supporting the fear of taking time off.
These trendy concepts would be a hard sell for the public sector. Expenditure of taxpayer money would be challenged requiring clear reins around employee time off. Labor unions want well-defined entitlements and focus on seniority making this process difficult to define and manage.
One of the most challenging management issues has always been controlling attendance problems and time management. Definitely, in each manager's career a little rain will fall. The fact remains that there WILL BE abuses of attendance and in that case, it is critical for employers to have policies and records.
Clear records are important in discrimination challenges and proof of compliance consistent with laws such as the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act . You must be able to support your decisions and backup your rationale with facts.
Managers; if your company offers pre-cations or vacation at-will programs, don't be caught to defend your attendance policies. Similar to tuition assistance payback, in case an employee exits soon after hire, make it part of your offer letter and policies that payback would be required. You would not want money wasted on funds that otherwise would be used for rewarding performance.
Jobs in the service industry are dependent upon employees being there to wait on/provide immediate services. Scheduling is critical. Also, medical practices, hospitals, educational institutions, airlines rely heavily on scheduling. Vaca' your way would provide challenges for employees to get their share of vacation when physical attendance on the job is critical.
Remember, when staff is paid; they are considered employees, not job candidates. That includes the pre-cation period. Many things could happen at that pre-cation that could affect your company. Make sure to start benefits when then complete probation OR at least when they physically work at the company.
What remains is a dog-eat-dog job world where there is competition for loyalty in the form of being at work and contributing to the bottom line.  Again, nice work if you can get it. Atlassian claims success.
More:

7 Steps To Ensure Ebola Doesn t Disrupt Your International Travelreddit
Is it safe to travel? Should we cancel our long-planned family safari in Botswana? Can I get Ebola from an airplane seat? For the last two decades, I've been helping people find the best doctors, treatments and medical information -- and I've never seen the kind of health panic among clients like I do now. (Yes, No and Extraordinarily unlikely are the short answers to these questions, by the way).
For expert advice, I checked in with Dr. Michael Callahan , an associate physician in the Division of Infectious Diseases at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School. Callahan ran one of the Department of Defense programs for mass-casualty infections; he's personally cared for over 400 Ebola patients; and he recently returned from building an Ebola unit in Monrovia. "Sitting directly next to somebody on an airplane who's sneezing is unpleasant and might pose a health risk," Callahan says. "But not for Ebola, because Ebola patients aren't sneezing. Even at the onset of fever, Ebola patients are minimally infectious. By the time they are a danger to others, they are very, very sick. They're making lots of trips to the bathroom, they've been throwing up and they're dehydrated. They're not the people that are on your aircraft."
In fact, you're more apt to get food poisoning, malaria or dengue while abroad. And that's your real problem because the initial symptoms (fever, vomiting, diarrhea) of many of the most common preventable infections mimic those of Ebola. Five airports in the U.S., and, many more globally, have begun enhanced passenger screening to weed out sick passengers for quarantine -- which could mean you or someone in your family if you become sick with similar symptoms at the airport or on a plane. Here are seven ways for travelers to create their own health-security bubble. Tips #3 though 6 are developed for travel to resource-constrained regions.
1. Stop worrying about the air on your plane.
Contrary to popular belief, the air on the vast majority of planes is very safe. Next time you're sitting on the tarmac waiting for take off, watch the little specks of dust in the atmosphere. As soon as the system kicks in, they're sucked upwards into a HEPA-grade filtration system that removes more than 99 percent of bacteria and viruses. Then clean air -- about 50 percent filtered and recycled and 50 percent from the outside -- is circulated through the cabin. "That system takes care of droplets of flu, SARS, MERS and more," says Callahan. "The air on a plane is not where contamination comes from." When Callahan directed DARPA studies of aircraft in Asia, in which they sampled the air and swabbed common touch-surfaces (door handles, faucets and tableware), researchers found influenza, cold viruses and bacteria that can cause diarrhea on the plane's surfaces but not in the air.
2. And start worrying about your hands.
Everyone knows the classic way to catch a virus: A sick person with poor hygiene leaves a little blood, saliva, mucus, vomit, urine or fecal matter on a light switch, handrail, dollar bill, etc. Then you touch that surface and bring your hand to your eyelid, nose or mouth. Think about this whenever you enter a public bathroom: as you touch the flush lever, faucet tap or door handle, you risk transferring pathogens to the cell phone you bring to your face, the coffee cup you raise to your lips or the child resting in your lap.
"People are grossly contaminated on their hands," Callahan says. "Which is why we are rigorous about the use of antiviral hand cleaners, which work beautifully -- especially on clean hands." Soap and water alone don't totally sterilize the viruses on your hands, they just make them fall off; and antivirals don't work as well if the virus is protected by organic matter, like blood and dirt on your hands and under your nails.
Dried Ebola on a doorknob or countertop surface can survive for minutes to hours ; but when the virus is protected in a coating of body fluids, it can last up to several days at room temperature. Common household bleach will kill Ebola and just about everything else, but the most practical way to stay safe while traveling is to wash your hands with soap and water and then follow up with antiviral hand cleaner. Keep a small bottle of it in your pocket, purse or waistband, and use it after every time you touch a public surface. You don't need much -- just a nickel-size dollop in the palm. Rub it in, up to your cuffs, until your hands are cool and dry. Be sure to use a brand that has at least 62.5 percent ethyl alcohol -- the magic number required to kill almost all viruses (including Ebola).
"And pick one that doesn't have a lot of aloe or emollients," Callahan says. "Those just help protect the virus by coating it in a nice shellac of skin products. This is not a beauty product. It's got a job to do."
3. Curb your culinary adventurism.
Traveler's diarrhea (or TD) is the most common health problem for Americans abroad, especially to resource-constrained regions, and it can be caused by a number of common pathogens in food and water. "Anything that's cooked through is going to kill Ebola, so that's not a concern," says Callahan. "But many food- and water-borne cases of TD are due to bacterial toxins that can survive cooking. Typically, if you are vomiting within minutes to three hours of a meal, you can blame a bacterial toxin." Due diligence here includes avoiding raw or undercooked meat; washing and peeling fresh fruits and vegetables yourself; no eating unpasteurized cheeses and milks; and staying away from street food. Ebola is generally not spread through food.
4. Learn a few clean-water tricks.
These clean-water tricks will dramatically reduce bacterial and viral infections, particularly in resource-constrained regions. They're not relevant for Ebola, which cannot survive in water more than a few minutes at most.
In Africa, counterfeit water bottles are a real problem. Inspect the rim of the bottle: Counterfeiters will heat-seal the plastic rings on the neck, melting them back together to make it look like a new, unopened bottle. But if you squeeze it and air gaps and bubbles emerge, that's not a safe water supply. Another telltale sign: Fake labels that look laser-printed. "You can't ever peel off an Evian label in one piece. It falls apart," says Callahan. "The manufacturer purposely does this, in part to prevent counterfeiting of their bottles in Africa."
To sterilize tap water for drinking, four drops of bleach per one liter of water will do the trick. In desperate measures, running the tap until it's about 140-degrees Fahrenheit (so hot that you can only stand it for one second) will greatly reduce (but not eliminate) bacteria in water. (And if you can boil it, that's even better). "It's too hot for most pathogens to maintain their metabolism against the thermo stress so they die," Callahan says.
5. Up your antibodies like a pro.
Many countries are experiencing an increase in pertussis, diphtheria, measles and chickenpox -- all of which can be prevented with vaccine boosters recommended by the CDC such as Tdap (tetanus/diphtheria/pertussis), MMR and VZV . If you follow the CDC travel recommendations , you are good to go, but some high net worth globetrotters also follow what's called an Executive Vaccine Itinerary. You won't find a list of these regimens on any website, says Callahan, but depending on your age, personal medical risks and the known health issues of your destination cities, these measures may also include oral typhoid, meningococcal and rabies vaccine and anti-malarials.
"You don't need to vaccinate with everything available, because vaccines have a potential downside of lost work days from having a sore arm or being feverish," Callahan says. But above all, do not leave home without getting a flu shot. Influenza consistently causes fever in returning travelers from Africa and rural Asia, and when you are boarding a plane is not the time to be feverish.
6. Arm yourself with the right antibiotics.
If you do get sick abroad, medications for stand-by treatment may help you nip it in the bud so you can fly without causing panic among fellow passengers. And this becomes exceedingly important if you are passing through places like the United Arab Emirates (many Kenyan and Tanzanian safari groups transfer through UAE airports), where they are terrified of Ebola. If you show up at the Dubai airport with a fever, it doesn't matter where you're coming from -- you will be quarantined, and any arguments about your civil liberties will fall on deaf ears. Administered under the direction of a physician and depending on where you're going, azithromycin (aka Z-Pak) and rifimixin for food and water-borne diseases (E.coli, salmonella, typhoid fever) and doxycycline for tick-borne diseases may also be good to have, Callahan says.
7. Avoid the stupid stuff.
Now's not the time to wake up in a foreign medical center, with pins in your leg from surgery, and a blood bag hanging by your bed. Upping your hospital-avoidance strategies includes simple things like using local drivers instead of renting a car; not renting motorcycles and mopeds, especially if you don't already drive them at home; no windsurfing over coral reefs. In other words: no risky behaviors.
That includes romantic misadventures. "It's amazing the amount of bad judgment folks can muster when they get off a plane," Callahan says. "In addition to the remorse that they usually feel, they might get a fever or a lump in their groin on their way back home, and there's a whole new problem to worry about." In fact, among men who have recovered from Ebola, the virus can still be present in their semen for up to three months. "We now suspect that Ebola is a sexually transmitted disease as well," Callahan says. "We just never had enough survivors to find that out."
Most Americans have a better shot at winning the lottery than catching Ebola while traveling. But the ripple effects of the outbreak can still ruin your plans in other ways. Getting your shots, avoiding risky behaviors and being vigilant about hand hygiene will help keep you safe and prevent unnecessary delays and fears for everyone.
The WorldPost sent this blog to Dr. Callahan to verify his quotes and references to research findings, and he confirmed their accuracy.
Close

The Influential In-boxreddit
A senior executive at a leading healthcare organization is so frustrated that his team is  ignoring emails that he reached out, exasperated, with this question:
"I communicate a lot of information to a lot of people by sending out regular emails. I spend a lot of time writing descriptions of what is happening and what they are supposed to do about certain situations.
Nobody ever seems to read them - or if they do, they don't remember what I said.
These people aren't dumb! Why can't I get them to stay with the program and keep up with what's going on?"
It's time to think outside the in-box. Email is inefficient. It's bloated and broken.
Today's in-boxes are clogged with cover-your-butt documentation, unread heads-ups and countless attempts to win eyeballs and influence decision-making. How can you break through this clutter to ensure that your e-mails are the ones that people look for, read and respond to? Follow the presence-building Connect-Convey-Convince framework to influence.
STEP 1: CONNECT
Connect with what they value.
Don't make them find Waldo - frontload your subject lines.
The subject line is the single most important element of your email. If a subject line strikes the receiver as relevant, it drives their decision to read and reply. Or vice-versa.
Wimpy, generic subject lines such as "FYI" or "Update" are easy to ignore. Instead, think newspaper headline. Make your subject lines specific and significant. For example, replace "Training" with "Your Ebola Prep Monday 3pm."
STEP 2: CONVEY
Convey with portion control.
Make the content skimmable and mobile-friendly.
Most of us don't read - we skim. And increasingly, we're checking our email on smart phones. Smaller screens call for crisper content. Shorter sentences. More white space.
Use a few bullets and numbers to streamline your content.
This white space leads to deeper reading.
It counteracts the mind-numbing effect of wall-to-wall text.
STEP 3: CONVINCE
Convince with outcomes.
Streamline the effort required to respond and get action.
Offer your readers rapid response solutions with a dash of urgency. For example, if your ideal outcome is a "yes" or "no" reply, conclude with "Please reply with a quick "yes" or "no" by 5 pm Monday." If the reader really values your topic, they'll respond with even more depth.
When your communications Connect-Convey-Convince, you gain trust and influence. You become known as high performance, yet low maintenance. This is a killer combination. As a result, your presence is actually welcome in others' inundated in-boxes.
Follow Connie Dieken on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ConnieDieken
More:

Top Ten Things I Learned at a Leading Work-Life Eventreddit
A couple weeks ago, Working Mother Media convened the 2014 Work-Life Congress in New York City. The annual conference celebrates organizations on the year's " 100 Best Companies " list, bringing in representatives of those organizations plus numerous other players in the work-life world. I love going to events like these: if they are well-planned, featuring interesting topics and strong speakers to present them (as this one did, on the whole), I wind up meeting a lot of stimulating people and walk away buzzing with random bits of information, data and inspiration. So, since we're in the final days of National Work and Family Month, I thought I'd share a few odds and ends of what I picked up.
Herewith, my thoroughly unscientific compilation of the ten most fascinating facts, ideas and comments I heard at this year's Working Mother Work-Life Congress:
Dr. Tracey Wilen, a "thought leader" who moderated a panel on the future of work, provided an anthropological perspective on the role technology plays in shaping workplaces, commenting that: as an agricultural society we gathered around farms, as an industrial society we gathered around factories, as an informational society we gathered around offices and now, in the digital age, we gather around wi-fi spots and electrical outlets. ("How true is that!," I thought, as I dashed out to pick up my phone from the charging locker in the lobby.)
And from the same speaker, we got a fascinating look into the future of on-the-job training--here's the mind-blowing way some BMW technicians are apparently being assisted with auto repair.
From the folks at Working Mother Research Institute, we got confirmation of an intuitive truism: work-life programs are all the more effective when they are more widely accepted and used. According to research published by the institute at the launch of National Flex Day last year, women who are managed by someone who often or always works from home report feeling more supported at work and happier at home. And according to this year's study , which focused on men, men whose employers encourage flexibility are more satisfied over a wide range of variables--from the level of respect they get at work to their career prospects--than those who say their employer could encourage flexibility, but doesn't.
There's a stereotype circulating out there that millennials are demanding and self-involved. Rob Keeling, VP of Human Resources for Capital One, begs to differ. He has been struck by the commitment of today's young people to community service. And in talking with some of them, he's confirmed they're not just doing it for their resumes. "My generation was raised to give back," one teen told him. Think about it, Keeling adds--this is the generation that grew gardens in kindergarten in order to donate food to a homeless shelter. From earliest childhood, many of them have been fed community service as a value. (I would love to see some actual research on how much community service has become part of school curricula. I know in comparing my own baby boomer education to that of my children, their schools are the hands-down winners when it comes to an emphasis on giving back.)
Stop looking at technology as all bad or all good, says Obed Louissaint, VP of People & Culture at IBM. Technology is like a knife: it can be a dangerous weapon or it can be an essential kitchen tool. It's all in how you wield it.
A comment from Carol Evans, President of Working Mother Media: "More women are sidetracked from their careers due to elder care than due to child care. And it frequently happens during their most productive, 'high-value' years."
Dr. L. Casey Chokewood, Director of the Office for Total Work Health at the CDC's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), gave an inspired speech on workplace wellness. As his title implies, he takes a "Total Rewards" approach to wellness--advocating applying it broadly across the workplace. For example? When employees requested free parking, he arranged to have a lot built for them--a full 15-minute walk from the office. (When I ran into him at a later event, he confided: "I'm thinking of slowing down the elevators next. Just enough to make it easier to take the stairs...")
Ted Childs, work-life/diversity guru and namesake of the "Ted Childs Life Work Excellence Award," sums up the business case for workplace wellness memorably, if a trifle morbidly: "If they're sick, they're not working. If they're dying, they're not buying."
A comment from the floor in a session on "Engaging Men in the Work Life Revolution": the president of the United States has been working flexibly for years! He works from Camp David, he works on the road, he works from vacation." (Ok, maybe we shouldn't be promoting the whole "works from vacation" angle, but I thought it was a point well taken.)
One hundred percent of companies on this year's "100 Best" list offer paid maternity leave (no surprise there: it's an eligibility requirement)--as opposed to 5 percent nationwide. 84% offer paid paternity leave, and 90% offer paid adoption leave--versus 12  percent for each nationwide. The number of women being promoted into senior management roles in these companies has slowly crept upward, but the increasing number of women in the most senior positions in corporate leadership is apparently due entirely to an increase in new women hires--the percentage of women being promoted into corporate leadership has held steady at about 31 percent. And many of us were gratified to hear that fully 31 percent of 100 Best companies offer nap rooms, as opposed to just 3 percent, nationwide.
Finally, here's one other thing I learned from my sojourn at the 2014 Work-Life Congress: Tossing your iPhone into a lightweight cloth bag and then holding that bag over your head in a rainstorm is not a smart thing to do.
Robin Hardman is a writer and work-life expert who works with companies to put together the best possible "great place to work" competition entries and creates compelling, easy-to-read benefits, HR, diversity and general-topic employee communications. Find her and follow her blog at www.robinhardman.com .
Follow Robin Hardman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RobinHardmanCom
More:

U.S. services sector growth slows  pending home sales miss forecastU.S. pending home sales post surprise drop in October
An advertisement for a reduced price is seen outside of a home for sale in Dallas
Jessica Rinaldi Reuters,
0
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast pending home sales rising 0.5 percent last month. These contracts become sales after a month or two. Contracts rose in the Northeast, but fell in the South, West and Midwest.
Compared to October of last year, contracts were up 2.2 percent. The level of contracts signed in September was revised slightly higher.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)

Lindsay Benstead  Ellen Lust  Dhafer Malouche and Jakob WichmannThe president was examined at Walter Reed for a sore throat, which was blamed on acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Turns out he has acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Texas governor elect Greg Abbott’s week in review
Dec 5, 2014
Josh Earnest: “We’ll have a little royalty in the house“
Dec 5, 2014
Outrage from both sides following the grand jury’s decision.
Dec 4, 2014
No fill in the blank way
Dec 4, 2014
Lewis was beaten by police during the civil rights movement.
Dec 4, 2014
“At some level everybody is our kid,” he said Thursday.
Dec 4, 2014

No  THESE are historys greatest monstersBy Abby Ohlheiser October 27 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Biodiversity Heritage LIbrary. "Sea Devil." Gessner, Conrad. Historia Animalium. 2nd ed. (1604).
A sailor sees a manatee, and suddenly we have stories of mermaids. This is how early monsters were made, as a new collection of images from the Biodiversity Heritage Library makes very clear. The collection is drawn from the texts of early naturalists, who in turn drew from these reported sightings - and a long and robust history of myths - to create drawings of the fabulous and terrifying.
The library (a consortium of several natural history and research institutions) provides some background information for the collection on its blog . "By the 1500s, extensive oceanic exploration was still limited, and the fauna that called these places home remained virtually unknown," the library explained, adding that the collected drawings represent the "first attempts to systematically aggregate and describe these animals."
Mostly, they relied on the accounts of sailors who returned from the sea, with the occasional decomposing remains of a carcass washed up on a beach for good measure. In other words, these naturalists didn't exactly have much in the way of reliable information. 
The collection is made up of woodcuts and prints from a variety of sources, but all contain a mix of the familiar and the unknown. Some of these creatures have lost their status as "monsters" with time and understanding - which isn't uncommon. For instance, the dinosaur hall at the natural history museum at the Smithsonian used to be called the "Hall of Extinct Monsters." 
Biodiversity Heritage Library/ Contributed by University of California Libraries
Many of which were inspired by whales.
Biodiversity Heritage LIbrary/Contributed by University of California
Not scary enough? Try this GIF from the Smithsonian Libraries , based on Conrad Gessenr's "Historia Animalium," 1604:
Smithsonian Libraries
(You can view more of the Smithsonian Libraries GIFs, here )
Some of these creatures were said to exist on land, and some closely resemble actual animals. Here is a "boa."
Biodiversity Heritage Libraries/Contributed by University of California
The woodcut dates back to 1658, in Edward Topsell's "History of Four-footed Beasts and Serpents."
Compared to an actual boa constrictor snake, Topsell's boa was a little scary:
"It was well knowne among all the Romans...that there was a Serpant (neere the river Bagrade) killed with slings and stones, even as a Towne or a little Cittie is over-come, which Serpant was an hundred and twenty foote in length...when Claudius was Emperour, there was one of them slaine in the Vatican at Rome, in whose belly was found an Infant swallowed whole, and not a bone thereof broken..."
For the record, boas can and do eat baby-sized prey , including monkeys and wild pigs. But they don't grow much bigger than 13 feet. Green anacondas can grow bigger, up to 30 feet.
While the real-world inspiration for the creatures is sometimes clear, others get more bizarre.
Ulyssis Aldrovandi ... Serpentum, et draconum historiæ . Biodiversity Heritage Library, contributed by the Smithsonian Libraries.
 
P. Gasparis Schotti, regis curtani.  1662. Biodiversity Heritage Libraries/Contributed by Smithsonian Libraries.
Manitichora, or a man-devourer . Biodiversity Heritage Library/Contributed by University of California.
You can view the full collection of images here. Over the course of the week, the library will talk about some of the real origins of the monsters in their collection, according to the blog .
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

JSPL says police investigating coal block al...Jindal Steel and Power says police investigating coal block allocation
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.39AM IST
Jindal said the CBI had filed a first information report against the company in connection with the allotment of a coal block .
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd said on Monday the CBI were investigating the granting of a coal mining licence block to the company.
The company's statement late on Monday was in response to media reports that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) was investigating accusations that it paid bribes to secure coal blocks.
Jindal said the CBI had filed a first information report against the company in connection with the allotment of a coal block in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
The company, led by billionaire and former member of parliament Naveen Jindal , has been hit by the new government's reforms of the national coal mining industry.
Its shares have lost more more than quarter of their value since the country's top court last month revoked most of the coal mining licences allocated by the government over the past two decades.
Adding to the company's troubles, the CBI has issued a preliminary enquiry into irregularities in forest clearances related to an iron ore mine in the eastern state of Jharkhand, a CBI spokeswoman said.
"We have only come to know of the preliminary enquiry through media reports. JSPL reiterates that we have always co-operated with the investigative agencies and will respond when we receive these queries from the investigative authorities," the company said in an emailed statement.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Most Tamil refugees want to remain in IndiaNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 16:32 IST
‘Most Tamil refugees want to remain in India’
Pheroze L. Vincent
The Hindu Prof. S. Parasuraman, Director of Tata Institute of Social Sciences, speaks after the release of a study titled 'Exploring durable solutions for Sri Lankan Tamil refugees in India' in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
TOPICS
politics
Around 67,000 refugees are based in 111 camps in Tamil Nadu
A survey by the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), Mumbai, among the one-lakh-odd Sri Lankan Tamil refugees in India has found that 67 per cent of them want to remain in India.
Only 23 per cent of the 520 families surveyed wanted to return to the island nation, while four per cent wanted to migrate to a third country where they had relations, said the TISS survey. The study titled ‘Exploring Durable Solutions for Sri Lankan Tamil Refugees in India’ was released by Rafael Garcia, Country-Director of Adventist Development and Relief Agency, India, at the India International Centre here on Monday.
The most preferred destinations for those who want to go back are Mannar and Vavuniya. Their top three priorities are basic amenities and livelihood opportunities followed by safety.
Although 48.2 per cent of those who wish to return said they needed assistance from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), only 12 per cent of them have approached the agency. K.M. Parivelan, who led the study, said this was because the UNHCR puts them on a flight home and does not provide the logistics for them to take their belongings back.

Stocks Drift as Oil Slips and Europe StrugglesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

UPDATE 8-U.S. oil recovers from dip below $80 on short-coveringUPDATE 8-U.S. oil recovers from dip below $80 on short-covering
Pentagon isolates soldiers over Ebola fears  nurse freed from N.J. quarantinePentagon isolates soldiers over Ebola fears  nurse freed from N.J. quarantine
Snapdeal may notch up as much as $1 bn from SoftbankSnapdeal may notch up as much as $1 bn from Softbank
Egypt steps up crackdown on militantsEgypt steps up crackdown on militants
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74a1eb34-5de5-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lo Apotheker: a new life in European tech© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e41a31dc-545e-11e4-84c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Missing IOC officer found inforestPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:56 am
Kaushik Bora, an executive director at the Digboi refinery of the Indian Oil Corporation, who had gone missing on Sunday, was found by the police inside the Upper Dihing reserve forest on Monday.
Bora was located about two km into the forest from the spot where his car was found on the Digboi-Pengeri-Bordumsa road on Sunday, Tinsukia SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh said. “Bora was lying in an unconscious state inside the forest, but we have not found any link to any abduction as suspected earlier,” Singh said.
The SP said Bora was admitted to the Digboi Refinery hospital after being rescued during a search operation, which lasted nearly 20 hours. His mobile phone was missing. “He was bitten by leeches and insects,” the SP said.
Bora, the SP said, had reportedly been suffered from depression for the past few weeks and had also undergone a checkup recently. The officer, who had left his residence at around on Sunday, was reported missing at around 4 pm.

After HomeMin  Customs now plans passengerrisk-profilingPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:54 am
Starting November, the Customs department is set to commence risk-profiling of passengers coming into India in a bid to tighten the noose around tax evaders, including smugglers and perpetrators of commercial frauds.
The system will run parallelly to a similar mechanism under the home ministry for internal security.
The Customs department will prepare electronic profiles of passengers on international flights to see “who are suspicious frequent fliers, those coming from risk-prone areas that are on radar of the investigating agencies like Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), those who have a past offence record and those against which alert circulars have been issued by law enforcing agencies,” an official source told The Indian Express.
Currently, while the department has a system of risk assessment checks in place for sea and air cargo, there is no such mechanism for passengers. The mapping and profiling of passengers, who are short-term visitors or frequent visitors, or against whom offence cases have been registered in the past, is not prepared for monitoring and apprehending the targets.
“Details of passengers travelling to India, prepared manually by the field formation, has been collated to form a database for preventing smuggling. This data along with the database prepared by the home ministry will be used by us for profiling. The department has already prepared a software to generate electronic data. This is likely to start from November. It will enhance our enforcement capabilities and help in passenger facilitation,” the official said.
The idea is to curb smuggling and prevent revenue leakage while at the same time secure international trade route, the official added. For instance, currently, passengers coming from Dubai, Thailand or Bangladesh are on the radar of the customs department for possible gold smuggling.
“The Advanced Passenger Information System (APIS) will also be able to provide us information on exploitation of international trade route by the terrorists for terror financing. This will act as warning against sensitive persons, items and things,” the official said.
The first APIS will be implemented at the Delhi airport and later it will be extended to major ports including Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata.

Businessman found dead in PunehotelPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:54 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 12:15 pm
Pune-based hotelier Ajay Chordia (48), chairman and managing director of Panchshil Hotels Ltd, was found dead in his hotel in Chinchwad Monday afternoon. Stating that primary investigation pointed to suicide, the police said Chordia’s body was found hanging and that a note was found near the body.
According to the police, the incident came to light around 2 pm when Chordia’s body was found hanging near a fire duct adjacent to his office on the 12th floor of his Double Tree Hotel. He was immediately rushed to a private hospital in Pimpri where he was declared dead on arrival. Sources close to the family said it was Chordia’s birthday on Sunday.
A senior police officer said: “Prima facie this is a case of suicide. His body was found hanging with a strip of curtain cloth near the fire duct. But we will be able to confirm this only after we get the post mortem report and a primary probe is conducted into various other aspects. We will also be speaking to family members and staffers of the hotel for more details.”
Additional Commissioner of Police Prakash Mutyal said: “The probe is at a very preliminary stage. We have found a note. But at this stage we cannot discuss the contents, nor can we confirm that it is his handwriting.”
A doctor at the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, who did not wish to be named, said: “Primary observations suggest death has occurred due to hanging.” The post mortem examination was on at the hospital till last reports came in.
Chordia was the managing director of Panchshil Hotels Limited that managed the Double Tree by Hilton property in Chinchwad. He was also an executive committee member of the Hotels and Restaurant Association (HRA), Western India.
Ganesh Shetty, president of Pune Hoteliers and Restaurant Association, said Chordia was an active member of the association. “He had worked hard to ensure the HRA’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) in Pune was a success,” he said.
Family members confirmed Chordia’s death but refused to comment further on the matter.
Chordia is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter. The funeral will be conducted on Tuesday noon after his daughter, who is in the UK, arrives.

Over a week after killing cop  Maoists saysorryPrint
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:52 am
The CPI (Maoist) on Monday apologised for the killing of an unarmed Chhattisgarh constable in Sukma district earlier this month. On October 18, the Maoists had halted a bus ferrying constable Shiv Kumar Sidar to a health centre from his camp in Chintalnar and killed him.
“Our guerrillas killed a policeman…without the permission of our party. We seek an apology (for the act). Shiv Kumar Sidar was going for the treatment of his illness. He was not carrying arms for people’s exploitation. In such circumstances, we consider it wrong that he was nabbed and killed,” a statement released by the south regional divisional committee of the CPI (Maoist) said.
The statement said that their stand towards the police remained the same: “Hum bina target wale police ko nahi marenge. (We will not kill policemen we have not targeted)”. The apology also urged security forces to stop harassing and torturing innocent villagers.
The Maoists had earlier apologised for killing two Bastar-based journalists last year, and after they blew up an ambulance and a minibus in Bastar this year.
Last October, Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee Secretary Ramanna had admitted that the killings of PCC chief Nand Kumar Patel and his son Dinesh in Darbha was a mistake.

Govt doctors on strike inKarnatakaPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:50 am
Government hospitals in Karnataka are likely to face a staff crunch over the next few days on account of a strike called by the Karnataka State Government Medical Officers Association (KSGMOA), which is demanding pay hikes.
The KSGMOA Monday claimed as many as 4,000 doctors who are members of the association had put in their resignations while Health Minister U T Khader said only 911 doctors had quit. The minister claimed that the government has enough back-up doctors to tide over the next few days.
The government doctors have placed 14 demands before the health ministry, including pay hikes. While the government has agreed to a pay hike, it has not agreed to other demands that involve the health policy in the state.
“Resignation of doctors is not a big thing. We have the support of public and private hospitals and interns from medical colleges,” Khader said.
KSGMOA officials, however, said such threats would have no bearing. “There is no point in issuing showcause notices to us. If the government does not heed to our legitimate demands we will start cooperative medical service centres and show them how to run model health facilities,’’ honorary member Dr H Ravindra said.

Dayalu Ammals petition to discharge her in 2G caserejectedPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:49 am
The Supreme Court Monday rejected a plea by DMK supremo M Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal to exonerate her on medical grounds in a 2G scam-related money laundering case.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu asked Ammal’s lawyer to approach the special 2G court and convince it that owing to her mental ailment she was unable to understand the nature of charge being imposed against her.
Ammal’s daughter Selvi had filed the petition on her behalf and challenged the August 20 order passed by the court dismissing her plea.
The bench told her counsel that the trial court was the proper forum to seek discharge on the ground that she was suffering from Alzheimer’s and other diseases. “The judge cannot proceed without making the accused understand the nature of the charge,” it said.
In her plea through her lawyer, 84-year-old Ammal has said that she is a “person of unsound mind incapable of entering her defence” and her medical records “categorically shows that she is suffering from mental ailments which are resulting in the loss of cognitive powers.” The plea also said that a final conclusion on her health could be determined only by medical examination.
Ammal, along with others including ex-telecom minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi, was chargesheeted by Enforcement Directorate in a 2G scam-related case.

Twitter meets earnings expectationstwitter meets earnings expectations
Black Money trail: Goa Congress dubs disclosure as selective blackmailingBlack Money trail: Goa Congress dubs disclosure as selective blackmailing
Black Money trail: When is a foreign bank account illegalBlack Money trail: When is a foreign bank account illegal
Gold trades near one-week low due to tepid demand due to strong dollarGold trades near one-week low due to tepid demand due to strong dollar
Spartan Motors Announces Dividend of $0.05 Per ShareSpartan Motors Announces Dividend of $0.05 Per Share
Is Delhi heading for fresh assembly pollsIs Delhi heading for fresh assembly polls
Govt names businessmen in black money affidavitGovt names businessmen in black money affidavit
Finance minister Arun Jaitley favours interest rate cutFinance minister Arun Jaitley favours interest rate cut
Reuters  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 12:45 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:48 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
Finance minister Arun Jaitley favours a cut in interest rates to trigger demand in the construction sector, a newspaper report said on Saturday, but the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has signalled it will not ease policy until it is confident of lower inflation.
In May, Prime Minister Modi was elected on promises that his government would create jobs and rejuvenate the economy, but experts were disappointed by Jaitley's first budget and a lack of early progress on fixing structural economic problems.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," Jaitley said in an interview with the Times of India.
Last month, the RBI sent a strong signal that it would refrain from cutting interest rates until the central bank was confident that consumer inflation can be cut to a target of 6 percent by January 2016.
India's retail inflation eased for a second straight month in September, but the risks of price shocks from weak monsoon rains and oil are expected to prevent the central bank from cutting interest rates soon.
Consumer prices rose a slower-than-expected 6.46 percent from a year earlier, the lowest since figures were first published in January 2012.

Fifth of eurozone banks fail ECB health check: ReportComments
Some 25 eurozone banks have failed a health check by the European Central Bank, reports claimed Saturday, citing leaked documents.
Nearly one in five of the 130 banks surveyed failed the stress test, the Wall Street Journal and the Daily Telegraph said, ahead of the publication of the official results by the ECB on Sunday.
The unprecedented health check of eurozone banks comes before the ECB assumes the role of the bloc's banking supervisor next month. The Frankfurt-based institution takes on its new watchdog role on November 4.
It hopes that a "comprehensive assessment" -- made up of a so-called asset quality reviews and a "stress test" -- will uncover any potentially nasty surprises beforehand.
Citing a draft memo seen by Bloomberg, the Telegraph report said only 10 of the 25 banks which failed the stress tests would be told to raise more cash.
The failing banks were thought to be in Ireland, Italy, Greece and Austria and will have until November 10 to fill in capital shortfalls, the paper reported.
The banks were already given a preliminary indication of their outcome on Thursday. One of the failing banks is being to be the Austrian lender Volksbanken AG, which the country's Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling said was no surprise, as it had already said it would wind itself down.
An ECB spokesman said its results had not yet been finalised and dismissed reports in the meantime as "speculation".
"The results will not be final until they are considered by the Governing Council of the bank on Sunday, after which they will be published. Until that time, any media reports on the outcome of the tests are by their nature highly speculative," he said.

Second quarter earnings to drive stock mkts this week: ExpertsComments
A slew of earnings announcements from blue-chips, including Maruti Suzuki and ICICI Bank, will set the tone for stock markets this week, say experts.
Besides, trend in global markets, investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would also influence the trend on bourses.
"We believe positivity would extend further in the days to come; however, traders should be cautious in stock selection due to prevailing earning season," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Major earnings this week include those from Hindustan Unilever, Lupin, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sesa Sterlite, Tech Mahindra, ACC, Ambuja Cements, Bharti Airtel, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki India and Suzlon Energy.
On the global front, the Federal Open Markets Committee (FOMC) will undertake a monetary policy review at a two-day meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The benchmark S&P BSE 30-share Sensex concluded the week at 26,851.05, showing a surge of 742.52 points.

Big oil discovery made near AhmedabadBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

SBI home loans rocking at 188cr a day; targets 250crComments
Country's largest lender State Bank of India has set an ambitious target of disbursing Rs. 250 crore of home loans every day during the ongoing festive season, which currently stands close to Rs. 200 crore.
After it waived off the processing fee late September as part of its festive offering, the bank is disbursing close to Rs. 200 crore home loans every day.
"The home loan disbursement is going up each day. It was Rs. 130 crore in the beginning when we scrapped the processing fee. Then it moved up to Rs. 150 crore, and then Rs. 175 crore, and has now stabilised at Rs. 188 crore a day. My target is Rs. 250 crore a day," managing director for national banking and group executive B Sriram told PTI in an interview.
Year-to-date, the home loan sanctions stood at Rs. 20,032 crore as against Rs. 18,500 crore a year ago, he said, constituting around 14% uptick year-on-year.
In percentage terms, the growth is 14-15% year-on- year in the first half, he said, adding, "we are hopeful that it will become 18-20% in the current quarter."
Stating that the bank has not launched any scheme during the festive season but has waived off the processing charges on car and home loans, Sriram said from the last week of September the bank was seeing quite a traction on loan queries and disbursals.
On the average ticket size, Sriram said it is improving and it is Rs. 30-32 lakh now and the focus is to take it to Rs. 50 lakh.
"We are focussing on high value home loans because now almost 80% of our home loans are below Rs. 50 lakh. So we are not very much in the above Rs. 50 lakh segment. And above Rs. 75 lakh we are just 12%. So we need to improve that and have also brought down interest rates on par with the other segment. This is one focus areas now. We need to push the average ticket size to about Rs. 50 lakh," Sriram said.
On the impact of the processing fee waiver on auto loans, Sriram said, "In the first week of September we were giving 700 to 800 car loans a day but on September 30, the total was 3,400 loans. Because last week we saw quite an increase -- some 1,500-3,400 loans a day." "Every day there was a jump of 300-400 cars. Since then because of holidays it has come back to 800-1,000 cars, but again improved from October 15 onwards. We hope this trend to continue till the rest of the quarter," he said.
This is despite the fact that after five successive months of sales growth, car sales slipped 1.03% in September to 1,54,882 units year-on-year. But motorcycle sales climbed 19.34% to 10,56,509 units, according to SIAM data. But vehicle sales across categories rose 20.44% to 19,04,007 units in September.
It can be noted that despite the general weakness in credit growth for the system, which has been hovering at 10-11% for quite some time, there was come pick in mortgage loans, especially by retail customers.
For instance, the pure-play mortgage leader HDFC which reported a 7.2% jump in net profit in the September quarter at Rs. 1,358 crore, was driven primarily by a healthy growth in individual loans which clipped at 23% or 71% of its total loans sold in the quarter.
Growth in the non-individual loan portfolio stood at a low 11%. The growth in the total loan book inclusive of loans sold is 19%.
For HDFC, a whopping 81% of the incremental growth in the loan book during the period came from individual loans.

Alternatives to Facebook for Small Business Marketingreddit
My friend Faith Cosgrove, of the Dalles, Ore., has been in the interior design business for over 25 years, and has built a solid reputation in Seattle, Portland, San Francisco and the rest of the West Coast. Over the years she has, as a business owner, been forced to adapt to a number of different marketing strategies in an effort to promote her business and stay alive. The rise of social media, however, has completely changed the game for her and most service professionals. And she's not exactly happy about it.
What frustrates Faith the most is that small businesses like hers are largely ignored in social channels like Facebook and Twitter, where the trending topics are dominated by household brands, celebrities and technology giants, unless of course one of those brands experiences a social fail, ala Amy's Baking Company . And because of that, user engagement levels are super low, especially for service professionals, and continuing to sink.
Service professional's come in many forms, from fitness trainers to landscapers to wedding planners to plumbers to interior designers and stonemasons. They typically don't have brick and mortar locations. Trucks? Yes, but big storefronts? No. And their social media budgets, if they have one, are tiny compared with those who dominate the conversation. Social media is an intensive, resource heavy activity. It is also an essential tool to try and master as a service pro, because driving the online conversation, even for a moment, generates new sales leads. For people like Faith, social media is a matter of DIY.
Many of Faith's peers simply follow popular media advice and attempt to promote themselves on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, without getting much return. And while Facebook might work well for a few service pros, it is a curse for an interior designer, or other small businesses concerned with image. Why? User generated content, in the form of follower posts on the business' wall, or in response to what that business has posted, is sometimes completely inappropriate for a business environment. The owner then has to delete the content, which typically angers the person who posted it, and things can go south from there.
In addition, a number of social media 'experts' continue to recommend that small businesses purchase sponsored posts, or buy some 'likes' on Facebook. That's also a losing strategy. Most of the ads I see now on Facebook are using advanced retargeting, which small businesses typically don't have the time, tools, or understanding to employ. Also, the broad array of content lends itself to the latest, 'most interesting' products and ads -- things like the Coolest Cooler, or any Apple product. Most service professionals just don't stand out in a way that can drive Facebook user engagement, because the content around them is not relevant like it is on a site like Houzz or Thursday Market, both of which are transaction focused.
In fact, a recent report shows that monthly Facebook engagement for all brands has dropped more than 40 percent since May of 2013.
So how would I promote myself online as a service professional, minus Facebook? Here's a list of the tools that I think are most effective for those who are interested in maintaining their brand image, engaging potential customers and generating leads:
1. Linkedin : above all else, Linkedin is a marketing wonderland where users can speak directly to any business audience they choose and get referrals. Linkedin's followers are engaged (eg., real), and the business page is user graffiti free.
2. Thursday Market : although I have only used Thursday Market as a beta tester (it actually launched today), the referral platform allows service pros to present their business in the best light, pin the geographic locations where that business has a presence, build like-minded teams of supporting service pros (such as a wedding planner teaming with a photographer), and best of all, generate word-of-mouth marketing from trusted sources, namely friends and neighbors. Ironically, Thursday Market is driven by the power of Facebook connections.
3. Houzz : this platform is unique to the home remodeling space, which suits someone like Cosgrove perfectly. The audience is fairly large, considering Houzz has been at it for a few years, and the site gives users an opportunity to publish content in the form of completed jobs. It also allows users to show clients browse potential designs at their leisure. Again, businesses are able to present the businesses in the best light without worry of user graffiti.
An interior design business is often judged on its ability to showcase its work online without worry, and Cosgrove's clients need to feel like she is trustworthy, considering her crew is working in their homes. User-added pictures of cats shared on her brand's Facebook page could kill the deal. Facebook simply does not meet the needs of today's small business and service professional, nor was it really intended to. If I were Faith, I'd spend the majority of my resources on other platforms.
Follow Reid Wegley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/reidwegs
More:

Nifty closes below 8 000; but take heart -  bull run is on for 20 yearsIndian markets get cold feet ahead of crucial 2-day FOMC meet
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 27, 2014, 03.35PM IST
(The US Federal Reserve will…)
NEW DELHI: Most of the Asian markets, including India, were down on Monday, as investors await the outcome of a two-day US Federal Reserve policy meeting this week.
The Sensex closed the day at 26,752.90; down 98.15 points. The Nifty ended the day at 7,991.70; down 22.85 points.
The US Federal Reserve Bank, that will hold its meet on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The Federal Open Markets Committee (FOMC) is widely expected to wrap up the Fed's long-running bond purchasing program, known as quantitative easing or QE, this month. Also, global investors will watch out for comments on the direction of interest rates.
Since last December, the US Central Bank has been gradually scaling back its monthly bond purchases, which now stand at $15 billion per month.
If the US Fed indicates hiking rates sooner than expected, then it may trigger some bit of sell-off in emerging markets, including India, and may cap further gains, say experts. However, the broader trend still remains on the upside.
So long as Brazil has negative turn of events as far as election is concerned, experts say it is positive for India, as allocation of funds is slowly moving from Brazil to India.
"Even though global cues are in favour for India, but you have to also consider the fact that there is certain amount of nervousness - US FED meeting which starts tomorrow and most probably, they are going to announce some interest rate policy which the market will wait with bated breath," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd.
"The European banks' stress test, which has failed 25 banks, is a matter of concern. So, there is certain amount of nervousness in the global markets and investors are in a bit of cautious mode," he added.
Bandyopadhyay is of the view that things definitely look positive for India and "I would not be surprised if at some stage the market picks up and gathers momentum once again."
The Indian markets, which started on a high note, pared most of the intraday gains and was trading flat in trade on Monday. The S&P BSE Sensex, which rallied as much as 144 points in trade pared most of its gains and was trading flat.
At 01:20 pm, Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was trading 0.6 per cent higher at 15,388 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.68 per cent lower at 23,143.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.3 per cent higher at 1,931 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.51 per cent lower at 2,290.
Manish Singh, Strategist & Head of Investments at Crossbridge Capital, said that he is not expecting a major surprise when it comes to the FOMC. "I know that Bullard of St. Louis FED said that there could be a case for FED stopping the QE. That could cause panic in the market," he added.
Singh is of the view that India cannot be immune to what is happening in the US and Europe, and investors in India should always remember that.
However, India is again a macro story, because you are in an emerging market and are still dependent on exports more than domestic consumption, added Singh.
Experts feel that the bull market in India still remains intact and investors with a long-term horizon should not worry too much and keep adding quality stocks on every fall.
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, Partner, Rare Enterprise, is of the view that the bull run will last for the next two decades, but of course there will be major corrections.
A normal correction in India can happen anywhere from 10 to 20 per cent, say experts. A look at the bull market of 2003 to 2007 shows that we had a deep correction in 2004 and then another correction in 2006.
"All these corrections, which lasted for a quarter or two, were of the order of 10 to 20 per cent. We have not seen anything like that so far. But can you rule it out?" said Hiren Ved, Director & CIO, Alchemy Capital Management.
Mehraboon Irani, Principal & Head- Pvt Client Group Business, Nirmal Bang Securities is of the view that the global problems have still not gone away, "but this is just to state that I remain a bull."
"I feel the markets will go up and I feel we are in for a great time over the next few years. We could be 10% to 12% higher on the Nifty and when the Nifty moves up by 10-12%, you can obviously expect many stocks to move out 25, 30, 40, 60% also from here," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Drug Companies Double Down on Ebola Vaccinesdrug companies double down on ebola vaccines
Hawaii Lava Forces Residents to Get Ready to FleeThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Toyota Tops Consumer Reports Reliability RankingsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

8 Quick Ways To Save Money In A Startupreddit
When starting a new company, you'll need to take cost-saving measures to ensure your cash flow stays positive.
Every major company in the world began as a startup at some point. Entrepreneurs everywhere have felt the struggle of limited access to capital, strained resources, and a perpetual fear of ending up with more liabilities than assets.
Fortunately, there are a handful of quick, easy ways that any startup can use to save money during these tough early stages of growth:
1. Use a co-opted space. Having your own office is rewarding, but in your early stages, it's an unnecessary expenditure. Have team meetings in public places while working from home most days, or co-op a workspace so you don't have to pay as much rent.
2. Use the power of negotiation. Most new entrepreneurs underestimate how many expenditures are negotiable. Fixed costs, subscription fees and even some utilities can be negotiated under certain conditions.
3. Rely on freelancers. Don't make a new full-time hire every time the workload gets a little out of hand. Instead, build a reliable network of freelancers who can handle the overflow as it comes up.
4. Get a few interns. Don't use interns as slave labor, but do open your startup to college students and recent graduates who need a real employment experience. They'll help you get work done, and they won't cost you terribly.
5. Compare your sources. There's almost always a better deal, somewhere out there. For every expense you have, shop around to different providers to see if someone can give you more for less.
6. Use free marketing outlets. It doesn't cost anything to set up a Facebook page. Take advantage of free and cheap marketing outlets to help spread the word about your company.
7. Learn the best way to handle your taxes. An experienced tax professional is a worthwhile investment. Odds are, they'll save your business more money than you'll end up paying them.
8. Buy used products. There's no reason why your desk and computer have to be brand-new. Buy used to save money, especially in the early stages of your startup.
Put these strategies to good use in your startup, and watch as your cash flow starts to return in your favor. Just make sure the rest of your long-term strategies are in order first!
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

CCI directs Coal India to modify e-auction t...Coal India
(The Competition Commission…)
NEW DELHI: Fair trade watchdog CCI today directed Coal India to modify terms and conditions for supply of the dry fuel through an e-auction scheme after finding the current norms anti-competitive in nature.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered the company to modify the "terms and conditions of Spot e-Auction Scheme 2007".
There is a provision in the scheme whereby a buyer is liable for penalty for non-lifting of coal after successful participation in the e-auction while there is no corresponding liability upon the miner and its subsidiaries for failure to deliver the dry fuel in respect of accepted bids. This has been found to be in violation of competition norms.
"Such arrangement in the scheme was noted to be a result of market power exercised by CIL and its subsidiaries," the Commission said in a statement.
While asking it to also "cease and desist" from unfair business practices, the Commission in its 32-page order observed that Coal India through its subsidiaries operates independently of market forces and enjoys undisputed dominance in the relevant market of sale of non-coking coal to the bidders under the Spot e-Auction scheme in the country.
The ruling follows a complaint made by one Bijay Poddar against Coal India and its subsidiaries.
Incidentally, the government has last week unveiled an Ordinance to facilitate e-auction of coal blocks for private companies for captive use and allot mines directly to state and central PSUs .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Birbhum: Three killed in clash between TMC and BJPComments
Three people were killed as a village in Birbhum district in Bengal turned into a battlefield on Monday, as Trinamool Congress and BJP supporters clashed openly with muskets and bombs. 
Several others were injured in the clash at Marka village, which went on for close to three hours.
The deceased have been identified as Sheikh Suleman (45), Sheikh Tausif Ali (17) and Sheikh Mozammel (50). Suleman and Mozammel are reportedly TMC supporters, BJP has claimed Tausif is their supporter.
Significantly, the incident took place within Panrui police station limits, where on October 24, the police station officer in-charge was attacked with bombs.
“Trinamool men gathered a huge cache of arms and ammunition and goons from outside to capture our village. My brother was hit with a bullet in his stomach. He bled profusely and died on the spot,” said Sheikh Asif Ali, Tausif’s elder brother. Asif, himself suffered bullet injuries.
“The 10 to 15 people who had left the village came back with outsiders to launch an attack. They are Trinamool supporters,” claimed Tausif’s father. 
The police reached the spot soon after but retreated, as a section of the villagers hurled bombs targeting the police vehicle. Firing continued even as more forces from neighbouring Koirashole, Ilambazar, Bolpur and Suri police stations gathered at the site.
“Keeping in mind the attack on OC Panrui on October 24, we did not take any risk on Monday, as the villagers and armed outsiders had outnumbered us,” a police officer said.
“We went to the village, but could not enter as we were outnumbered by outsiders who were carrying arms and explosives,” said Ananda Roy, additional police super of Birbhum.
Locals alleged the village went under BJP’s control since the Lok Sabha polls. Some Trinamool supporters fled the village about a month ago. On Monday, the men, including Sheikh Mozammel and his brother, Sheikh Enamul, returned to the village and were confronted by BJP supporters. Suleman was also with them.
“We did not attack anyone. The BJP attacked our men and killed Sheikh Suleman, who is our active member,” claimed Birbhum district Trinamool president Anubrata Mondal.
Watch video: Three killed as BJP and TMC workers clash in West Bengal's Birbhum

The vulnerable Punjabi in an unthinkable post inHaryanaManohar Lal Khattar gestures while briefing journalists on what a cabinet meeting decided Monday.
Written by Virender Kumar | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:24 am
Manohar Lal Khattar is often compared with PM Narendra Modi. Like Modi, he comes from a modest background, lives a simple life, is a former RSS pracharak, and is often seen in the “Modi jacket”, in any case a fashion statement among BJP politicians.
Some also liken him to Nityanand Swami, the first chief minister of Uttarakhand, who was chosen for the job by the BJP when the state came into existence in 2000. Swami too was an old RSS loyalist, known for his integrity and simplicity, and, like Khattar, had no administrative experience.
Swami lasted barely a year as chief minister. Soon after he took over, a whisper campaign began that he was an “outsider”. The fact that he was born in Haryana, something he could not have helped, was held against him although he had studied and worked all his life in Dehradun. Next, he was dubbed impractical and simplistic and, therefore, incapable of ensuring the BJP’s victory in the nascent state’s first election. His rivals in the party succeeded, Swami was removed, and Bhagat Singh Koshyari, another RSS veteran but hailing from the hills, was anointed chief minister. It is another matter that the BJP still lost the election to the Congress.
Khattar is being compared to Swami because, besides these similarities, he also looks vulnerable. His vulnerability comes from the fact that he is a “Punjabi”, a term used in Haryana to describe people who were uprooted from western Punjab during Partition and who chose to settle in what would later become Haryana. Essentially, the term encompasses Hindus irrespective of caste, and excludes Sikhs who are counted separately in political-electoral calculations.
Since Punjabis constitute about eight per cent of the state’s population, they are a can’t-be-ignored political constituency. They hold important positions in all parties; the INLD even has a Punjabi, Ashok Arora, as its president. The Haryana government has almost always had one or two Punjabi ministers. In the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government, it was agriculture minister Paramvir Singh. But a Punjabi chief minister? It was unthinkable, until the BJP chose Khattar.
People like Khattar, even if born and settled in Haryana, are still known as “Punjabis”. In fact, they like to call themselves Punjabis and identify more easily with Punjabis elsewhere because of their common language and culture, which are rooted in pre-Partition Punjab, than with Haryanvis.
It was for that very reason that a Punjabi chief minister in Haryana was unthinkable. After all, wasn’t Punjab reorganised because of a demand for an exclusive Punjabi-speaking state?
Before denouncing this as parochialism, or seeing shades of Haryana’s khap culture in it, one should consider a few questions. Hindus are about one-third of the population of Jammu and Kashmir, but why is the chief minister always Muslim? They are about 47 per cent of the continued…

Khattar vows to review  if needed undo  Hooda govts latedecisionsManohar Lal Khattar.(Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:46 am
Haryana’s new chief minister, Manohar Lal Khattar, said today his cabinet has decided to review many of the decisions taken by the previous Congress government towards the end of its term.
“Whichever policies and decisions are found to be in public interest will continue to be implemented, the rest will be scrapped,” Khattar told the media after chairing a meeting of the newly formed cabinet here today.
The cabinet has also decided to put all ongoing recruitments and appointments on hold for the time being and “reexamine” all appointments and recruitments made by the previous government after May 16, 2014.
This means the appointment of officers perceived as close to former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to coveted posts, such as Right to Information Commissioner, Right to Service Commissioner and Food Commission member, will come under the scanner. So will that of officers who were re-employed by the Hooda government in the last five months.
“All appointments in which the officers were re-employed before their retirement or in violation of any rules will also be reviewed and, if found irregular, reversed,” Khattar added. “I have sought a list of such re-employments to take further action in the next cabinet meeting.”
All last-minute decisions by the Hooda government, which include implementation of state pay scales at par with the Punjab government and increasing old age pension, will be reviewed, the CM said. The government had announced implementation of both these decisions from November 1.
On alleged land scams during Hooda’s tenure, including the Robert Vadra-DLF land deals, Khattar said, “We will not indulge in vendetta politics. However, complaints will be probed and the law will take its course.”
During an interaction with the media, Khattar also announced that the Vidhan Sabha session will begin on November 3.
Khattar arrived at the media briefing at the scheduled time of 12.15 pm. After discussing the cabinet decisions and replying to a couple of questions from journalists, Khattar left in nine minutes. He left for New Delhi in the evening.
No announcement on ministers’ portfolios was made today. Khattar is expected to first discuss the portfolios with the BJP leadership.
“The priority of the state government is to implement the agenda for the welfare of people of the state. The cabinet has also decided to review complaints on paddy procurement and action will be taken at the next cabinet meeting,” Khattar said.

Cong veteran Mangat Ram joinsPDPPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:17 am
Former deputy chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir and senior Congress leader Mangat Ram Sharma has joined the People’s Democratic Party along with his son Subash Sharma, a trade union leader. The 84-year-old, “Panditji” to his supporters, joined the PDP in presence of former chief minister and party patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed at the latter’s home on Sunday.
The disgruntled Congress leader, who was sidelined by the party following his defeat in the 2009 assembly polls, told The Indian Express over phone from Kathua that he was sad to leave the Congress but had no option.
“The Congress has now become a party of the rich and the opportunistic,” Sharma said, and added people like him, who has worked for the party for six decades, have no place in it.
He said he has been assured that his son will be fielded from Kathua in the elections.
Sharma, who was deputy CM in Sayeed’s coalition government and then health and medical education minister in the Ghulam Nabi Azad government, used to be a government officer who, a year after being appointed block development officer in 1957, quit the job following a call from then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru to join the Congress in Jammu and Kashmir.

Dont titillate or sensationalise  Cong tellsgovtPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:17 am
Days after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said revealing the names of holders of accounts with illicit money could embarrass the Congress, the party said Monday if the name of any Congress leader is in the list, he or she would deal with it.
The Congress also asked the BJP government to refrain from “press sensationalism and political titillation”. “This is not an occasion for press sensationalism by the government or for political titillation by talking of names to the media. They are the government, they control the ministries and departments. It is now almost a week since we said whatever you want to state or reveal, do it.
Don’t titillate, don’t sensationalise, and don’t play games,” Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
Replying to questions about the possibility of Congress leaders’ names figuring in the list, Singhvi said, “If there is a name, the individual concerned will deal with it. The larger question is different. Where are the 55,000 names promised by Baba Ramdev and where are the lakhs and crores of money projected by them?”
AAP take: Stop being selective and reveal full list
The Aam Aadmi Party on Monday demanded that the government disclose the names of all those who have parked illicit funds abroad and accused the BJP-led government of adopting a “selective approach” on the issue.
“We demand that the government disclose all names, complete the probe in a time-bound manner and take uniform action against those who are guilty. According to our information, action is being taken against those on the list selectively. Whereas stringent actions like tax raids and prosecution are being taken against some, the powerful ones are being let off,” AAP chief and former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal said.
He said that the full list of those with black money in foreign banks should be made public. Producing the statements of three persons who allegedly admitted to having money stashed abroad during the income tax investigation, Kejriwal, flanked by AAP leaders Prashant Bhushan and Manish Sisodia, said that these statements show how easy it is to open a foreign bank account with “illicit money”.

Kill an elephant  get away with Rs 500finePrint
Under laws recommended for repeal, a religious convert can file for divorce but not spouse, govt can block any Indian’s recruitment abroad
Written by Rakesh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:14 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:43 am
What can you say of laws that impose a fine of only Rs 500 on a person who kills an elephant, permit the Director of Estates to reserve one-fourth of Delhi’s hotel accommodation for official use, or allow religious converts but not their spouses to initiate divorce proceedings?
These laws, many enacted more than a century and half ago, still exist in Indian statute books.
Submitting an interim report, “Obsolete Laws: Warranting Immediate Repeal”, last month to Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, the Law Commission expressed the hope that its “suggestions and recommendations… would constitute a major step in the direction of simplifying the legal structure”.
Days later, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaking at Madison Square Garden, said he would do away with one obsolete law every day and recalled how earlier governments took pride in ensuring more and more complex laws.
In its report, the Law Commission, chaired by Justice A P Shah, said “253 laws despite having been recommended for repeal” by earlier panels still exist in statute books. It has asked for removal of 34 laws that have been repealed but remain listed on the government website, and recommended 72 statutes for repeal after examining a list of 261.
“… They fall into one or more of the following categories — first, the subject matter of the law in question is outdated, and a law is no longer needed to govern that subject; second, the purpose of the law in question has been fulfilled and it is no longer needed; and third, there is a newer law or regulation governing the same subject matter.”
These are 12 of the 72 gems in the statute books, with the commission’s notes on each:
Bengal District Act
Act 21 of 1836
“This Act gives power to the state government in Bengal to create new districts by notification in the official gazette… While new districts are now formed by state governments under their respective revenue codes, Bengal is a special case where it is still being done under the Central Act. This law may be repealed if the power to create districts is instead included in the relevant West Bengal statute.”
Sonthal Parganas Act
Act 37 of 1855
“The preamble states that ‘the general Regulations and Acts of Government now in force in the Presidency of Bengal are not adapted to the uncivilised race of people called Sonthals’. The Act cites this as the reason for removing from the operation of such laws the district inhabited by this tribe. The Act employs language to describe the tribal population that has no place in the modern era.”
Converts’ Marriage Dissolution Act
Act 21 of 1866
“This Act was enacted to allow the dissolution of marriages of converts from Hinduism to Christianity, on the grounds that they have been deserted or repudiated on religious grounds by spouse. It enables divorce proceedings to be initiated by the continued…

OVL set to acquire equity in 2 PetroVietnam blocks  up Indias stake in South ChinaSeaPrint
Written by Amitav Ranjan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:08 am
Undaunted by China, New Delhi will sign pacts with Hanoi on Tuesday to step up energy cooperation including a pact between ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL) and PetroVietnam (PVN) for taking up to 50 per cent equity each in the latter’s two blocks in the controversial South China Sea.
OVL will sign an agreement to take 40 per cent equity in block 102/10 and 50 per cent in 106/10 that lie outside the sea territory claimed by China. Once the pact is signed, the firms will negotiate the terms of the production sharing contract (PSC) under the Vietnam law.
The blocks are from among the five blocks offered by PVN last November. OVL’s technical team recommended them after a due diligence and techno-economic evaluation of the data.
In turn, PVN will sign an agreement to take 50 per cent equity in OVL’s Block 128 in South China Sea which the Indian firm had earlier planned to exit. OVL, which currently holds 100 per cent interest, would get a further two-year extension starting June 2014.
OVL is offering equity to PVN to de-risk exploration in the block over which China had claimed territorial rights. It had in June 2012 decided to return the block as exploration there wasn’t commercially viable but did a volte-face at the insistence of the external affairs ministry which wanted India to continue its presence in South China Sea.
The pacts would be signed during the visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung who is on a two-day visit starting Monday to demonstrate oil and gas exploration as a key area of cooperation between the two nations. China has been objecting to India’s oil exploration projects in South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons. Hanoi says oil exploration projects by India in the sea are within the territorial waters of Vietnam.
However, a letter of intent signed between OVL and PVN during President Pranab Mukherjee’s Vietnam visit last month sparked off a foreign ministry statement in Beijing that China would not “support any agreement” that dealt with any “waters administered by China, or is not approved by China”. On Tuesday, OVL’s parent Oil & Natural Gas Corp will also sign an MoU with PVN for equity participation by the Vietnamese state-run company in exploration of hydrocarbons in nine blocks in India’s southern basins.
While five of them are onshore and offshore blocks in Cauvery basin, four are deepwater blocks in Andaman-Nicobar basin, a frontier zone that lies between producing fields in south Myanmar and northwest Indonesia.

To beat quarter-se-quarter-tak culture  govt okays longer tenures for future SBIchiefsSBI may be treated on a different footing compared to smaller banks given its pedigree, size and systemic importance in the Indian banking industry.
Written by Shaji Vikraman | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:06 am
Half-a-dozen state-owned banks may be headless and governance issues at some of these lenders remain yet to be addressed, but a proposal approved by the government will ensure a minimum tenure of four to five years for the next chiefs of India’s largest bank- State Bank of India.
A decision to provide a longer term in office was taken by the government after the appointment of the current chairperson of SBI, Arundhati Bhattacharya, last year.
While she will have a three-year stint, her successors who will be chosen from a crop of managing directors in the bank, will have fixed tenures of four to five years. This could lend stability and help the management work on and implement medium and long term business and strategic plans, a top banker briefed on the development said.
This will also mean that the residual age bar — the minimum number of years in service until 60 which is the retirement age for PSU bankers — will not apply for the next SBI chief, the person said. Arundhati Bhattacharya’s predecessor — Pratip Chaudhuri was in office for just two years. SBI, which, along with its associate banks, controls close to a fourth of banking assets of all Indian lenders does not have too much of a reason for concern when it comes to governance, its chairperson, Arundhari Bhattacharya told The Indian Express. The quality of the SBI board, too, is good, she said, a worry otherwise in many other PSU banks.
She is the first woman to head the 208-year-old bank.
Relatively short stints at the top state-owned banks have led to what bankers term as the ‘Quarter-Se-Quarter-Tak’ or QSQT culture, marked by bank chiefs looking to boost numbers especially towards the second half of their tenure.
Such short stints also leave senior bankers, especially those appointed to banks where they have not worked in the past, little time to address organisational issues including succession plans or to develop a long-term business plan. A committee appointed by the RBI ad headed by the former chairman of Axis Bank, PJ Nayak on governance in state-owned banks had recommended a minimum tenure of five years for CMDs and three years for executive directors. Besides, it had also suggested improving the quality of PSU bank boards, their discussions and to focus on key areas such as business strategy, financial reports, risk and compliance.
The government — which has a controlling stake in public sector banks is yet to act on the committee’s recommendations though it has said that the report is being vetted.
Private banks in India, which are expanding rapidly and moving up the pecking order for Indian banks, are not hamstrung by norms on appointment continued…

McDonald s Innovation Center goal: Better service at...1
One week this month, a team from Australia was testing how to incorporate a customized gourmet burger into its restaurants. The following week, teams from Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland came to do their own tests. The mock drive-thru can be moved to accommodate the side of the car used by a driver in a specific country.
Though McDonald's tinkers with its food in facilities around the world, the 38,000-square-foot Innovation Center is the only place where restaurant setup is worked on in such detail.
In the 13 years that the current center has been operating, it has had some changes, including the addition of more kitchens. A second floor was added with the observation deck, desk space and meeting rooms meant to inspire, named after innovators such as Leonardo da Vinci and Steve Jobs. About 80 crew members and five managers work in the warehouse's test restaurants.
Ed Bridgman, senior director of innovation and operations, got his start working at a McDonald's restaurant 40 years ago. Together, he and others at the center hold 49 patents in areas such as kitchen operating systems and drive-thrus, dozens of which are displayed on the building's walls.
"I've been fortunate to go to some large manufacturing innovation centers," Bridgman said. "This one is much more interactive and trying to deal with, from my opinion, a much more complicated set of environments."
Take, for example, the temporary restaurant for the 2012 Summer Olympics. Bridgman and others worked on how many registers it should have, along with kitchen production, beverage machinery and space for ordering.
"On any given time of day when it was operating, there may have been 300 to 400 people operating it and several thousand people visiting," Bridgman said.
Though the Innovation Center can help the collaborative process, there can be conflicts when bringing together experts on technology, engineering and design, as well as trying to solve problems for dozens of countries, Roberts said.
"In some markets, our family business and the in-store experience remains paramount. In other markets, convenience and the way convenience is evolving" are the focus, Roberts said. "It's not as simple as we're going to do just one thing."
Some sophisticated pieces of equipment can take three to four years to create and test. Processes are tweaked multiple times before they make their way into restaurants. Other proposed changes don't make it out of the building.
A few years ago, for example, McDonald's toyed with a dispenser that would put the right number of Chicken McNuggets into a basket before cooking, rather than having an employee count them out.
"The nugget dispenser worked, but at the end of the day, it didn't really make our crew's life that much easier," Gilbert said. That project, as she put it, is "on the shelf."
So, too, is a fully automated fryer for french fries. The equipment "proved a little too sophisticated for the restaurants," but parts of it made their way into fry stations around the world, Gilbert said.
Another shelved project, at least for now, involved a 3-D printer housed in what looked like a giant Happy Meal box to create toys for children's meals in the restaurants. A version of it sits upstairs in the center.
McDonald's executives said they believe their space is the most advanced in the industry.

Chicago office towers draw foreign interestChicago office towers draw foreign interest
ct-foreign-real-estate-investment-1017-biz
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
China-based Cindat Capital Management partnered with Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group this year to buy the 65-story office tower at 311 S. Wacker Drive for more than $300 million.
China-based Cindat Capital Management partnered with Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group this year to buy the 65-story office tower at 311 S. Wacker Drive for more than $300 million. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
Homes Real Estate Buyers Real Estate Sellers Chicago Council on Global Affairs
Why foreign investors are kicking the tires on Chicago office properties.
While not as eye-popping as the recent $1.95 billion deal to sell New York City's Waldorf Astoria to a Chinese firm, sales of Chicago-area real estate to foreign buyers are on the rise.
Interest is particularly keen for downtown office buildings, which saw $2 billion in deals with foreign buyers in 2013 and the first half of 2014, representing 26 percent of total transaction volume, according to Real Capital Analytics. This is up from a decadelong metro-area average of 16 percent and a post-recession average of 21 percent.
  Open link
"Chicago has seen an increased amount of foreign investment into its commercial real estate as intense competition for similar assets in markets like New York and San Francisco has driven pricing in those markets to very expensive levels," said Ben Thypin, director of market analysis at Real Capital Analytics.
Manhattan remains the king in sheer volume of international real estate investment of all sorts during the 18-month period ended June 30, followed by Los Angeles and Chicago. In the office sphere, the metro areas with the biggest percentage of foreign deals in the period were Washington, Los Angeles and Chicago, in that order.
8
But the growing interest in Chicago office towers is seen as a vote of confidence by some observers.
"It says something about Chicago being perceived as a global city," said Phil Levy, senior fellow at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. "There is global competition for those funds ... and people look for where there will be a good return on their investment."
With numerous international regions engulfed in turmoil, investors are looking for safe havens and for investments with the potential to provide better returns than government bonds, he noted.
The downtown Chicago office market, in addition to its relatively reasonable prices, has several other selling points, said Bruce Miller, managing director/capital markets at the Chicago office of commercial real estate firm JLL, also known as Jones Lang LaSalle.
New office construction is at a low level compared with its historic pace. This will keep supply limited at a time when demand is rising, in part, because of the growing number of innovation-oriented firms drawn to the central city, he said. Close to 45 suburban companies have taken 3.5 million square feet in the downtown market during the past five years, with most of the activity in the past 18 months, he said.
cComments
NYC = Just waiting for another Hurricane Sandy Los Angeles = Drought, Earthquake. Houston = Primed for another oil industry/housing bust. Based on actuarial data, Chicago is actually the safest real estate investment because of its low exposure to natural disasters, high transit capacity, and...
Mo'nique
1
"If you have very minimally growing supply and strong demand, causing rental rate growth and increasing occupancy rates, those are the exact dynamics that offshore investors are looking for," he said. The average sale price per square foot is $281 so far this year, up about 9 percent from 2013, according to JLL.
While the region has drawn interest from Canadian and European buyers in recent years, it is starting to garner more attention now from Asian investors, including from South Korea, Japan and China.
When China-based Cindat Capital Management partnered with Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group this year to pay more than $300 million for the 65-story office tower at 311 S. Wacker Drive, it was viewed as a sign that Chinese investors were beginning to look beyond coastal gateway cities like New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
"We have not yet seen a wave of Chinese capital looking at office product, but it's only a matter of time," Miller said. China's government has been easing restrictions on foreign real estate investment.
The rise in international investment in downtown office space is seen as one factor contributing to continued recovery in the sector, which is not yet back to pre-recession levels.
JLL forecasts downtown office sales volume this year will surpass the $3.3 billion seen last year, but this still would be well below the $5.3 billion in volume in 2006.
The downtown office vacancy rate was 12.7 percent in the third quarter, down from a post-recession peak of 14.3 percent two years ago, but still above rates in the 10.5 percent range in 2008.
Foreign investment activity remains at lower levels in retail, industrial, apartment and hotel sectors here.
Major office buildings with multinational corporations as tenants are easier for an outsider to understand, plus they have the large scale investors are looking for, Thypin said.
As well, they "are seen as a very liquid real estate asset," he said. "Foreign investors are generally long-term investors but it's important for them to be able to sell the asset in short order if the situation merits it," he said.

U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade coming to Chicago0
"Increasing opportunities for trade between Chicago businesses and their Chinese counterparts is critical to the continued growth of our city's economy," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement. "This summit will help highlight how Chicago and the nation can become stronger trade partners with China well into the future."
The mayor last year signed economic partnership agreements with eight Chinese cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenyang, Tianjin, Qingdao, Hangzhou, Wuhan, and Chengdu. The aim is to build cross-border investments.
Issues addressed at last year's JCCT summit in Beijing included protection and enforcement against theft of trade secrets; government procurement; market access for U.S. testing and certification companies; and market access for American beef.
This is the first time a U.S. meeting of the summit will be held outside Washington, D.C. It will include meetings led by Pritzker, Froman and China's vice premier in charge of trade and investment issues.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack will participate in discussions on agricultural trade issues.

2014 Campaign Shows Growing Public Disdain for Predatory For-Profit Collegesreddit
In the 2o12 election campaign, when a reporter asked GOP candidate Mitt Romney what he planned to do about higher education and college affordability, Romney praised for-profit colleges, and particularly one school, Florida's Full Sail University, for its ability to "hold down the cost of their education." It was eventually exposed that: (1) Full Sail was perhaps the third most expensive college in America, (2) Full Sail's owners were heavy contributors to the Romney campaign, and (3) Romney's own private equity firm was actually invested in Full Sail .  But whatever Romney's motives in singling out this sector, it was notable that a leading office seeker was willing to praise the for-profit college industry, and that such praise did not create much concern with the public.
Times have changed dramatically since then. In 2014, numerous candidates for office have made a point of stressing their efforts to stand up for students by fighting the abuses of predatory for-profit colleges. Hillary Clinton also has singled out the for-profit college industry for criticism.  Meanwhile, even though the for-profit college industry continues to pour campaign contributions into Capitol Hill coffers, I haven't found any 2014 candidates out there who, like the 2012 Romney, have affirmatively stressed their support for the industry. HBO comedian Bill Maher has even made an entrenched GOP House chairman's support for the industry a central basis for his effort to oust that incumbent from office, while John Oliver offered a devastating attack on the industry on his own HBO show.  The numerous law enforcement investigations , and the overwhelming evidence that predatory colleges are deceiving, overcharging, and under-educating students, while taking in billions in taxpayer money, has made this industry toxic in campaign discourse.
This turn of events comes as President Obama faces a critical decision about issuing a new "gainful employment" rule that would hold cut off federal aid to career colleges that consistently leave students buried in debt. With the President and many of his policies currently unpopular on the campaign trail, the Administration might consider that taking a tough stance regarding predatory college companies that rip off students and taxpayers alike would not only be the right thing to do, but also would garner approval from the public.
Here are some examples of how predatory for-profit colleges are pariahs on the 2016 campaign trail:
Wisconsin Democratic attorney general candidate Susan Happ released a plan on October 3 to work with other state attorneys general and federal agencies to crack down on for-profit colleges that harm students. Her plan includes imposing "hefty penalties" for consumer violations and providing veterans with better information about for-profit schools, which Happ charges targets vets with deceptive, high-pressure sales tactics.
Massachusetts Democratic attorney general candidate Maura Healey, too, has made an aggressive plan to take on abusive for-profit colleges a key part of her campaign. Healey calls the industry's tactics a "definition of a public policy disaster" and says the next state has a "moral" responsibility to lead on this issue. The current Massachusetts AG, Martha Coakley, is running for governor, and is touting her own strong record of investigating this industry and punishing bad actors.
The Chicago Reader reported on how Illinois governor candidate Bruce Rauner "makes money from for-profit schools and worthless degrees," noting that Rauner's private equity firm and foundation have invested in EDMC and other for-profit college companies with a record of deceiving and abusing students. Rather than embracing Rauner's connections to the for-profit college industry, Rauner's spokesman tried to minimize them.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), up for reelection this year, has been a national leader in  stressing the need for strong action to curb the abuses of for-profit colleges.
At Fort Campbell, TN, on October 21, Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway, a 2015 Democratic candidate for governor who is the leader of the 37 state attorneys general working together to probe the for-profit college industry, stood with the new Tennessee attorney general, Republican Herbert Slattery, and Holly Petraeus of the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as Petraeus discussed efforts to protect service members and veterans from for-profit college scams.
Meanwhile Bill Maher has made Rep. John Kline (R-MN), chair of the House education committee, the subject of his "Flip a District" project, singling out Kline's slavish support for for-profit colleges and the piles of campaign cash the industry has given him. Over the weekend the Minneapolis Star-Tribune predictably supported returning the powerful incumbent Kline to office, but made a point of warning that Kline "needs to more aggressively hold disreputable for-profit colleges accountable." Similarly, the Kansas City Star backed incumbent Republican attorney general Derek Schmidt to return to office, but criticized him for his failure "to get involved in cases that could help Kansans, such as joining with other attorneys general in actions concerning abuses by for-profit colleges."
And, in another measure of the strong political tide against predatory colleges, Hillary Clinton , addressing a University of Nevada Las Vegas audience on October 13, attacked "fly-by-night for-profit schools" and predatory lenders that "exploit students."  It probably has not escaped Clinton's notice that Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) has been a strong critic of the for-profit college industry.
Finally, while a number of members of Congress submitted comments to the Obama administration opposing the original version of the gainful employment rule in 2011, this year not a single member of Congress wrote to object generally to the rule.
Many politicians remain willing to take for-profit college money. But few remain willing to defend this pariah industry when facing voters.
This article also appears on Republic Report .
Follow David Halperin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DHalpDC
More:

Conservatives for Stimulus - A New Bumper Stickerreddit
Wal-Mart is a favorite of mine. The company's rise since the 1970s has done more to fight inflation than the Federal Reserve. Chain groceries near a Wal-Mart have to lower prices. It sells over 350 generic drugs for less than $4 a month, pushing competing pharmacies to offer similar programs. It has promoted computerized medical records that will cut costs and improve healthcare, and its commitment to sharply reduce energy use and packaging pushes competitors to follow.
I write this, however, not to praise Wal-Mart but to criticize it. Unemployment and underemployment are killing Wal-Mart's middle and lower income customers. The company, however, is doing little to support those in politics and the media for whom unemployment, underemployment and stagnant incomes are the crucial economic issue of our time in their battle against the deficit hawks who have been sabotaging recovery since 2009.
There are no doubt reasons why the company avoids this fight. The most likely reason is that Wal-Mart's leaders share the conservative article of faith that deficits are bad and that more government spending is liberal and a threat to the free market economy. This view, however, is bad economics bolstered by bad history. Big deficits were a conservative idea before they became a liberal one. Conservative pro-enterprise economists at the University of Chicago --- the teachers of Milton Friedman --- urged President Hoover and the Congress in 1932 to deficit spend to combat unemployment. (See J. Ronnie Davis, The New Economics and the Old Economists, The Iowa State University Press, 1971.) These ardently free enterprise economists understood that governments are the only ones who can borrow and spend when the private "credit-money" system collapses as it did in the Great Depression, and as it almost did again in 2008.
The view that deficit spending is "liberal" is bad history. It took root in the mid-1930s when New Dealers gave up on the budget cutting that both President Hoover and FDR favored. They gave up on it because austerity did not work then any better than it does today.  Facing reality, many New Dealers like the early Chicagoans came to champion government spending as the only way to replace the buying power of private credit that disappeared in the Crash and the years thereafter.
Support for deficit spending came to be called "Keynesian" much later with the publication of Keynes' "General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money" in 1936.  The record shows, however, that American economists with impeccable conservative credentials were calling for such spending years earlier. Indeed some of the best known among them, Jacob Viner and later Milton Friedman, were irked that policies Chicagoans had favored in 1932 were labelled Keynesian.
There is no doubt that deficit spending is effective in reducing unemployment. The large deficits the U.S. finally ran to finance World War II ended the Great Depression and allowed the country to grow at a 13 percent annual rate from 1940 to 1944. The deficits paid for hundreds of thousands of planes, tanks, trucks and guns, drove unemployment to near zero and raised living standards to boot.
The point is that Wal-Mart and other business leaders can be comfortable supporting government deficits to speed up and expand the recovery. Support implies no hostility to entrepreneurship or enterprise, or allegiance to protectionism or unionism or support for much government regulation or big government. The Chicagoans wanted the government to borrow or issue money and spend it for profoundly conservative reasons --- to save the private enterprise system. They believed that the instability of "credit money" created by private banks was the cause of the Depression not the competitive enterprise economy itself. The blessings of that enterprise economy could not be reclaimed without government spending to fill the hole left by the collapse of private credit and the spending it financed, these conservatives argued.
Wal-Mart's working class customers need government to buy goods and services so that they can find jobs, get raises and increase purchases. Larger government expenditures on things like infrastructure and education to put money in working class pockets would be good for Wal-Mart and for the free enterprise system. The Clinton Administration drove unemployment to below four percent without inflation. Spending to get unemployment to that level should be the company's minimum target because that is what its customers need. The company leads in the battle against inflation. It also should lead to restore full employment.
More:

Scientists identify an unexpected ice cloud on Saturns moonBy Rachel Feltman October 27 Follow @rachelfeltman
This cloud in the stratosphere over Titan’s north pole (left) is similar to Earth’s polar stratospheric clouds (right). NASA scientists found that Titan’s cloud contains methane ice, which was not previously thought to form in that part of the atmosphere. Cassini first spotted the cloud in 2006. (L. NASA/JPL/U. of Ariz./LPGNantes; R. NASA/GSFC/M. Schoeberl)
Titan's icy clouds have yielded another surprise: Just weeks after scientists reported that Saturn's moon had massive clouds of cyanide in its atmosphere, another team of researchers says they've found methane gas as well, which produces dense clouds similar to the ones seen above Earth's north and south poles.
Scientists already knew that Titan produced methane clouds in the lower layers of its atmosphere. These form the same way that low clouds do on Earth — with vapor rising, cooling and eventually becoming dense enough to fall back to the surface of the planet — but are made of methane instead of water.
But for clouds to form in the upper layers of the atmosphere, you need much colder temperatures. Otherwise, all of the moisture is trapped before it gets that high. On Earth, these kinds of clouds form more than 49,000 feet above the Earth's poles, where temperatures drop below -180 degrees Fahrenheit.
Titan is colder than Earth, but didn't seem cold enough to allow methane clouds to form in the upper atmosphere. But it turns out that the temperature varies in different locations of the moon. At its poles, researchers using data from NASA's Cassini orbiter report, there's a drop of as much as 11 degrees.
That drop seems to be enough to yield high-altitude clouds. On Titan, the clouds probably form between 98,000 and 164,000 feet above the surface.
"Titan continues to amaze with natural processes similar to those on the Earth, yet involving materials different from our familiar water," Scott Edgington, Cassini deputy project scientist for NASA, said in a statement . "As we approach southern winter solstice on Titan, we will further explore how these cloud formation processes might vary with season."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

This high-tech tablet could make conversation between the deaf and hearing seamlessBy Rachel Feltman October 27 Follow @rachelfeltman
MotionSavvy, a startup company, is developing a device for tablet computers that could improve communication for deaf people by using gesture recognition technology to translate sign language into speech and converting speech to text. (Youtube/ MotionSavvy)
Soon, the deaf could use a special tablet to translate their sign language into spoken word. The device, developed by a start-up called MotionSavvy, is currently being crowdfunded with an IndieGoGo campaign .
Called UNI, the device itself is actually a tablet case -- one that contains a high-speed sensor, capable of sensing hand movements down to fractions of a millimeter. The accompanying software uses gesture recognition to track the hand motion of signers, then translates their signs into text. Words spoken in response are displayed as text onscreen, facilitating a two-way conversation even if the deaf speaker has trouble vocalizing and the hearing speaker doesn't know sign language.
UNI isn't meant to replace the need for human sign language interpreters. In fact, MotionSavvy CTO Alexandr Opalka told WIRED, he and his team hope UNI will lead to a boom in business for them: The idea is to help the deaf get past initial barriers, such as job interviews at companies that don't provide interpreters.
"If you can't communicate during an interview, you're not getting the job," Opalka told WIRED . Indeed, some estimate that half or more deaf adults in the United States are unemployed. "With UNI, we predict more people who are deaf will be able to get jobs and stay working, and that's how we'll get more people to hire interpreters. There will be more people in the workforce."
The IndieGoGo video shown above uses the more heartwarming example of childhood friendship, but the product's goal can still hold true: A child unafraid to introduce themselves is much more likely to convince their peers to learn enough sign language to play with them.
Opalka  and his fellow co-founders  are deaf themselves, having initially met and collaborated at Rochester Institute of Technology's National Technical Institute for the Deaf. So far, they say their feedback from others in the deaf community has been overwhelmingly positive.
And they're certainly committed to getting the technology into the hands of those that need it. After receiving feedback, they dropped the projected cost of the device from $799 to $200, plus a small monthly subscription fee for the software.
One of the most difficult challenges will be accommodating the many variations in sign language, Opalka wrote in an e-mail. "There are many different 'accents' and personalized signing styles, and this has to be accounted for," he said. But UNI will allow users to input custom signs and share them with the database, making the technology infinitely customizable.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Chiquita agrees to $681 million takeover0
Chiquita had rejected Cutrale-Safra's overtures three times, including last week when it said the $14.50-a-share price wasn't superior to its plans to buy Irish banana producer Fyffes Plc. The company, which also sells salad under the Fresh Express brand, changed its mind and began talks with the two Brazilian companies after its shareholders voted Oct. 24 to reject the Fyffes deal.
"It has impressive brand loyalty and recognition through its Chiquita and Fresh Express brands, providing the company with a strong competitive edge in the growing worldwide demand for high-quality fresh fruits and salads," the acquirers said.
Cutrale, a closely held fruit juice company, and banks controlled by Brazil's second-richest man, Joseph Safra, initially made an unsolicited offer of $13 a share to buy Chiquita in August. The bidders cited benefits for Chiquita from their farming, processing, logistics and marketing knowledge.
Including debt, the value of Monday's deal is $1.27 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. It's the fifth-largest pending or completed takeover of a U.S. food company to be announced this year, the data show.
Cutrale and Safra are paying about 15.4 times Chiquita's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, according to Kenneth Shea, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. That represents a premium of about 14 percent over a peer group of North American packaged-food companies, he said in a series of presentation slides.

Stocks End Mixed as Oil  Europe Weigh on InvestorsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Anonymous  Gamergate and the impossible dream of vigilante justice(Daniel Bobadilla/ Flickr )
When one of Anonymous’s self-declared leaders tweeted the launch of an anti-Gamergate campaign on Friday, he wasn’t just announcing a new cause for the Internet’s most hyperactive vigilantes.
He was admitting, if tacitly, that online vigilantism has its limits.
Both Anonymous and Gamergate are, after all, vigilantes of the highest order, each policing “bad” Internet behavior and righting unjust Internet “wrongs” through a system that, at its best, pushes back against corruption … and at its worst, devolves into a senseless, pitchfork-wielding mob.
Both groups began on the shadowy message board 4chan before spilling out into more mainstream channels. Neither has a formal leadership, a cohesive agenda, or any set list of beliefs or demands. Both have deployed the same tactics against people they don’t like: publishing their personal details (“doxing”), threatening them on Twitter and other social networks, ruining their personal reputations in a process called “Google-bombing,” and attacking their Web sites until they come down.
Perhaps most crucially, both groups believe that all of their actions are undertaken in pursuit of some greater good, as an effort to curb perceived injustices and imbalances of power. It just so happens that Gamergate’s end is “protecting” the sanctity of the traditional male gamer , using tactics and ethical frameworks that Anonymous pioneered. And #OpGamergate is out to protect the victims of Gamergate, using the exact same set of techniques.
Which means that, in some circuitous, ironic way, Anonymous is basically attacking its own methods.
(Twitter)
Christopher Doyon — who online “prefers to be addressed as X” — doesn’t quite see it that way, of course. The self-described “Internet freedom fighter” revved up the #OpGamerGate hashtag to some buzz on Friday, promising to out Gamergaters who harass women and to help victims stay anonymous online. When the operation launches officially later this week, “X” said, it will provide moral support, and potential legal evidence, for women and girls who have no other way to confront their trolls and attackers.
There are clear parallels between Anonymous and Gamergate, X acknowledged. But one is a force for justice; the other, a font of abuse.
“4chan and specifically /b/ is a breeding ground for Internet culture. Probably the most fertile breeding ground,” he told The Washington Post by e-mail. “That means it is going to give birth to both the good and evil, the full spectrum of moral memes.”
But does relative morality really matter here? The very crux of vigilantism is that it’s unmoored from any universal moral code or legal system; it adheres only to the whim of the mob, and derives all its authority from that starting point. Whenever you endorse online vigilantism, as Anonymous and Commander X do, you open up the possibility that vigilantes will police the “wrong” things. You can’t really call them “wrong,” either: If the only marker of worth is the will of the mob, then nothing’s unjust. It’s just unpopular.
Commander X is no stranger to this squishy phenomenon  himself . In 2013, as part of Anonymous’s Steubenville operation, X published an unredacted copy of court documents about the rape — thus revealing the victims’ name to a hostile Internet and, a special prosecutor said, hurting her case. He was also the man behind Anonymous’s campaign in Ferguson, which incorrectly doxed a man who had nothing to do with Michael Brown or the Ferguson police. That man later received hundreds of death threats — an outcome that, at the time, his doxer dismissed as “collateral damage.” (X, for his part, has distanced himself from that campaign.)
Even long before X became involved in Anonymous, the hacktivist collective engaged in unsavory, distinctly Gamergate-like behavior: sending death threats to leaders of the Church of Scientology, for instance, and vandalizing Web sites for nothing but the malicious “lulz.”
At some point, however, whether a vigilante behavior is malicious or harmful becomes irrelevant. Everything can be explained away as means to an end, as human errors, as the behavior of an errant few. That, oddly, sounds an awful lot like a defense that corners of Gamergate are fond of: “Only a few of us actually harassed women. Most of us hate harassment! We care about ethics in journalism!”
At no point has either group confronted their messy, existential truth: Whenever a mob decides to take the law into its own hands, the law no longer applies.
To anyone.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Winter session of Parliament to begin on 24 November  end on December23It is never reassuring for a lateral entrant to be compelled to deal with an entrenched and unhelpful bureaucracy, whose labyrinthine ways can test the acumen of even the very best in business.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:50 am
A meeting of Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs on Monday recommended that the winter session of Parliament to begin on November 24 and will be concluded on December 23.
The winter session will have 22 sittings. There are 67 bills pending before Parliament – eight before the Lok Sabha and 59 before the Rajya Sabha. On Sunday, during a Diwali Milan hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for National Democratic Alliance (NDA) MPs, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu has briefed the coalition MPs over the month-long session.

Manjhi: Im afraid of taking decisions for fear ofscrutinyBihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:45 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 2:49 am
Further stepping pressure on JD (U) leadership to “reinstate faith in his leadership amidst volley of recent criticism”, Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi seemed to take dig at top party leadership as he said that though he was “CM but is afraid of taking hard decisions for fear of scrutiny”. Manjhi, who looks bent on consolidating his position as an independent leader, took an indirect dig at his political detractors by “hoping that next chief minister also comes from Gaya”. Manjhi belongs to Mahkar village of Gaya.
Speaking at a village school function at Manpur, Gaya on Sunday evening, Manjhi talked about building decision making qualities in students. “Though I am chief minister now, I am afraid of taking tough decision foe fear of scrutiny and criticism. If you get demoralised, it hampers your decision making power”. Though he did not refer to his predecessor Nitish Kumar, Manjhi is reportedly upset with the state government “being forced to revoke suspension” Patna Medical College and Hospital medical superintendent, who was suspended for “negligence in duty” in treatment of those injured during Dussehra Gandhi Maidan stampede. Manjhi reportedly had to buckle under pressure of top JD (U) leadership, more so after Indian Medical Association’ tough stand after Manjhi’s “chop off hands of doctors if found negligent about treatment of the poor”
Speaking at another function in Gaya, Manjhi seemed to balance his political stance as he praised both Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar for taking up cause of social justice and “standing up for the oppressed”.
Manjhi’s past few statements regarding his growing assertion as the dalit face of the party has caused confusion iJD (U) cadre among party’s going back to leadership of Nitish Kumar, who will start his Sampark Yatra from West Champaran freshly take up special category status demand to mount pressure on NDA government and also get back to focus in state and national politics.

When Sheila met Modi: I saw a confident man  with avisionPrint
Sheila Dikshit
Written by Seema Chishti | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:44 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:07 pm
It is not a description that many in her own party may agree with. But Congress veteran, former Kerala Governor and ex-CM of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit, has revealed that when she met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in July, she “saw a confident man, with a vision” and “a new language”.
That does not mean an endorsement though, because the 76-year-old was quick to add that it remained to be seen how this vision “would be practically implemented”.
Speaking to The Indian Express on a wide range of issues, including the circumstances in which she quit the Governor’s job this year and the prospect of “change” after the Lok Sabha polls, Dikshit said that she is now involved in heading a Congress committee to manage the commemoration of Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary on November 14.
Speaking about her meeting with Modi before resigning as Kerala Governor, Dikshit said, “I saw a confident man, with a vision when I went to meet him, but a big ‘but’ is how all this would be practically implemented. He started with ‘achhe din aayenge’. Now that has completely dropped from his vocabulary. His coinage of new phrases is attractive as it is different. But how far is it practically achieveable, a very big question mark hangs over that.”
Asked whether the Congress needed to take its cue from Modi’s manner of functioning, she said, “Whether we should draw from his style or methodology is something we need to wait and assess. It is too early to try and do anything like he does. He is speaking and promising so many things and has a new language, but we need to see what will happen eventually on his promises.”
On the controversy surrounding her resignation as Governor of Kerala, Dikshit said that she had made it clear to the NDA government before putting in her papers that it must keep in mind “the dignity of the post”.
She said that after the NDA government took charge, she too – like other governors appointed during the UPA regime – “got a call from the Home Secretary”.
”I told him two things, the first that it was a Constitutional position and secondly, that it was a position of respect, and I asked him not to call me up again. He did not. But I met Rajnath Singh, the Home Minister, after that and told him that he must give me 10-12 days to wind up and that he must not treat us all like he did Kamla Beniwal (the Gujarat governor and then Mizoram governor) or the Puducherry Lt. Governor. I told him that he can’t just dismiss us. Even if they must not regard the dignity of the person, they must worry about the dignity of the post. He did not say anything. I told him we had not applied for this post but had been chosen to serve as governors.”
Beniwal was removed in August after she was transferred continued…

Letters to the editor: The goodloserPrint
Posted: October 28, 2014 2:41 am
I was pained to read what I think is an uninformed piece by Leher Kala (‘Spoil sport’, IE, October 27). As an old sportsperson (pistol shooting), I think very few people in India are even aware of the pain and agony we go through. To be a sportsperson in India, with its callous administration and indifferent government, is a huge challenge. Women have it even worse. Our society does not give much credit to excellence in sports, except for cricket. An athlete trains at her own cost, balancing job and family, and still tries to compete against well-funded, better-coached competitors from other countries. All this pain and agony is geared to win. Only columnists like Kala find value in being an also-ran and a good loser. As someone once said: “Good losers usually do”. So if L. Sarita Devi threw a “tantrum”, let’s extend our sympathy to her instead of criticism.
— Raj Khalid
Mumbai
Simply the best
It’s good to read that our textile industry is reaching new highs (‘Good news from textile sector: exports to US, No 1 single market, hit record high’, IE, October 27). By taking small steps we’re working towards becoming a big economy. Thanks to the Centre’s efforts and the “Make in India” programme, we’re starting to play to our strengths. We may not have the largest beverage companies in the world like the US does. We may be far behind European and Japanese automobile giants. We may also be lagging behind other Asian countries in technology. But from being good in the textile industry, we’re working towards becoming the best.
—  Abhishek Jha
Mohali
Diwali shopping
Clearence of defence projects worth Rs 80,000 crore by the Modi government will help meet some of the vital requirements of our armed forces. This step is long overdue thanks to the UPA government’s indecision (‘Rs 80,000 crore push for defence, made-in-India subs set sail’, IE, October 26). The decision to hold at least one meeting per month of the Defence Acquisition Council to speed up the process of military acquisitions is praiseworthy. It shows the government’s willpower to take tough decisions.
— M.C. Joshi
Lucknow
No dark horse?
This  refers to the editorial, ‘49 days vs 5 years’ (IE, October 25). Arvind Kejriwal and his party will not have it easy in the next Delhi elections. Last time, he surprised us all and his party emerged as the dark horse of the election. But the dice are loaded heavily against him now. People are still very upset about
his resignation.

User Growth  Outlook Hit Twitter Stock After-HoursThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Trick Or Treat The Frightening Climate Costs Of Halloween Candyreddit
Americans will spend more than two billion dollars on candy this Halloween, making it candy's biggest holiday.
This is fun for kids, great for dentists, and downright fantastic for the Mars family. But before you head over to the store to buy this year's bowl of treats, you need to be made aware of a really scary, but not widely recognized, fact:
Many Halloween candies contain palm oil, the large-scale, monoculture production of which is driving deforestation , extinction, human rights abuses, and climate change !
Highly versatile and inexpensive, this vegetable oil is a globally traded commodity found in 50 percent of processed products sold in the supermarket -- everything from laundry detergent and shampoo, to pizza dough and name-brand candies and chocolates. Listed using many different names, its presence is often difficult to detect.  In the last decade, global production of palm oil has doubled, and given the rise of consumer power in India and China, palm oil production is expected to double again.
While large areas of tropical forests have been cleared in Latin America, West Africa, and across Asia to make way for monoculture palm plantations, nearly 90% of palm oil is sourced from Indonesia and Malaysia. To establish these lucrative plantations, rainforests are deliberately set on fire and low-lying, tropical peatlands are drained, many illegally . Burning these biodiverse, carbon-rich ecosystems is driving wildlife (including orangutans, Asian elephants and Sumatran tigers) to the brink of extinction while releasing vast stores of sequestered carbon into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide, thus massively contributing to climate change. How vast are these carbon stores? Consider this, Indonesia's peatlands can store up to 20 times as much carbon as tropical rainforests on normal mineral soils, and can release carbon for decades after deforestation as the underlying peat smolders.
Photo Credit: Elekhh CC BY 2.0
Thankfully, alternatives to "deforestation" or "conflict" palm oil exist, and they need to be supported. But, labels about palm oil can be misleading and "green-washing" in this industry is an ongoing concern. The major palm oil producers and consumers established the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) in 2004, but this industry label doesn't even rule out the clearing of rainforests and there is nothing in the standard about limiting greenhouse gas emissions. In fact, in 2008, 256 environmental and human rights organizations from around the world rejected RSPO certification as fraudulent labeling . While the RSPO does hold promise, it has yet to live up to its potential.
Likely to be unsustainably sourced or green-washed
The truth is most companies won't go the extra distance to source their ingredients ethically until they feel direct pressure from consumers. Meanwhile, cheap treats come at a cost that the planet simply can't afford. To help you choose quality treats, we've listed four brands that won't trick you or mistreat the planet:
Endangered Species Chocolate donates 10% of its net profits to organizations that support species conservation, habitat preservation, and humanitarian efforts. You can be certain that the palm oil in all of their products meets the highest certification for sustainability. Their .35 ounce organic "bites" are the perfect "fun" size for trick-or-treaters.
Makers of organic peanut butter cups, Justin's is another company that is taking extra steps to make sure their ingredients aren't destroying our planet's irreplaceable biodiversity. Like Endangered Species Chocolate, Justin's uses organic palm "fruit" oil grown by Agropalma, a Brazilian company with the highest ranking on Greenpeace's scorecard of palm oil producers.
Of course some companies opt not to use palm products at all. Equal Exchange is one such company. Their organic and fair trade chocolates are grown by small farmer cooperatives. Equal Exchange doesn't rely on intermediaries to supply them, a practice which typically allows big chocolate companies to hide well-documented abuses .
Alter Eco uses pure coconut oil in their chocolate truffles. Alter Eco prides itself on the direct relationships they have with growers and on the transparency of its supply chain. The coconut oil they use comes from Fair Trade Alliance Kerala, a farmer-owned coop in India where organic growing methods mean that "people get safe, non-toxic food and the environment isn't damaged in the farming process."
Added bonus of handing out Alter Eco truffles? The truffle wrappers are made of birch and eucalyptus that will fully decompose in backyards and compost bins!
Deforestation-free palm oil will not become the norm until consumers demand that companies take full responsibility for their supply chains. Exercise your consumer muscle! Contact your favorite brands and let them know you want your candies to be deforestation-free, and in the meantime, support these excellent brands already leading the way.
Follow Diana Donlon on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CoolFoods
More:

Why China s Slowdown Is Taking a Heavy Toll on Canadareddit
If beaten-up Canadian investors are looking to assign blame for the bruising suffered by their portfolios of late, they could do worse than point an accusatory finger at China. The resource super-cycle that drove valuations so much higher over the last decade is now hobbling along at a snail's pace and China is a big part of the reason why.
A slowdown in China's economic growth is exacting a heavy toll on resource-based economies like Canada's. Domestic coal mines are being shuttered due to tumbling coal prices. In Ontario, hopes to mine chromite deposits in the so-called Ring of Fire are fading as steel markets continue to weaken. At the same time, British Columbia's plans to ship liquefied natural gas to Asian markets are being scuttled as LNG prices come off their highs. Similarly, lower oil prices are prompting Big Oil to shelve plans for multibillion-dollar oil sands projects in northern Alberta.
Seeing a simultaneous pullback in spending on big resource projects isn't a coincidence. Look around the world at what's happening in the resource space and it's easy to see that new sources of supply aren't helping prices. Consider the oil market, for one, where prices are now treading at four-year lows. Part of the reason for the decline is all of that new oil flowing from fracked shale formations in places like North Dakota, Texas, and southeast Saskatchewan. It's often said that the best cure for high prices is high prices and that's exactly what's happened to oil after the big run up to $147 a barrel. Indeed, an extended super-cycle made new sources of supply economically viable in nearly any resource market you care to name.
While supply is certainly part of the equation, the much larger culprit behind today's weakening commodity prices is actually demand. Over the last decade, new projects were developed based on a belief that global demand would continue to increase at more or less that same pace as it had prior to the last recession. Even a quick glance at what's going on globally shows that's just not the case.
A slowdown in many of Asia's major economies is a big part of the reason why. After three decades of averaging annual economic growth in the double digits, China has come to be a dominant player in most resource markets. Until recently, Chinese demand only ever seemed to push prices higher. However, such an out-sized reliance on a single market is a double-edged sword. One look at commodity prices these days shows the blade is now slicing in the other direction.
Consider coal, for example. China consumes more coal than any other country in the world. No surprise, then, to see that coal prices have fallen in half as its economy has slowed down. For oil, where Chinese demand is a little more than 10 percent of the global total, prices have dropped by about a quarter. If China's economic growth continues to grind lower prices for coal, oil, and a raft of other commodities remain vulnerable to further declines
The official word from China's National Bureau of Statistics says its economy grew at a 7.3 percent annualized pace in the third quarter. It's the slowest rate in more than five years. It's also widely speculated that even those modest numbers might be artificially inflated to serve Beijing's political interests. Veracity of the data aside, the idea of immutable Chinese economic growth that so dominated the thinking of resource markets in recent years is now off the table. The Conference Board of Canada recently forecast that China's economic growth will slow to an average of less than 5 percent over the balance of the decade and then further downshift to less than 4 percent between 2020 and 2025. If that's the new speed limit for China's economy then investors may be a long way from seeing the bottom in resource prices.
That's a particularly challenging outlook for Canadian investors and the TSX, which is weighted so heavily towards energy and resource stocks. The energy sector, for example, has underperformed the TSX Composite by more than 11 percent in the last year. If the broader market is going to rebound to new highs, it will have to rely on strength from other parts of the economy to get there.
In light of the Harper government's love affair with the energy sector in general and the oil sands in particular, an end to the global resource super-cycle is more than a little chilling for Canada. Ottawa has bet heavily that Asian demand would continue to support ever rising oil prices and, by extension, bitumen production. What happens to Canada's economy if that doesn't come to pass?
Follow Jeffrey Rubin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jeffrubin
More:

All We Have to Lose Is Our Livesreddit
I've never been able to stomach a bully, whether on the playground or in a corporate executive suite. The biggest bully in California politics these days is the "No on 46" gang -- the collection of billion-dollar insurance companies and medical industry honchos spending big and spreading falsehoods to defeat Proposition 46.
Oh, the money! (They've amassed a $66 million war chest.)
Goodness, the factually challenged TV commercials! (Passage of the initiative, they warn with classic campaign-season hyperbole, will send doctors fleeing the state.)
Not surprisingly, their rhetoric ignores something far less melodramatic but far more important -- good old facts.
We live in a world where as many as 440,000 Americans die each year because of preventable medical mistakes, according to the Journal of Patient Safety. The federal government estimates that more than 500,000 health care professionals are abusing drugs or alcohol. Meanwhile, the nation's fastest growing illicit narcotics problem is prescription drug abuse.
It all adds up to a patient safety crisis that should have stopped the presses and sparked government action long ago. Instead, it has been met with indifference by the media and downright neglect by our elected leaders, particularly those in Sacramento under the sway of the medical industrial complex.
With Prop 46, California voters can do what the politicians and the status-quo crowd won't: Nudge our healthcare system toward safer practices, deter doctor substance abuse and hold negligent physicians accountable. Bottom line: it will save lives.
Contrary to all the ominous TV commercials blanketing the Golden State, Prop 46 will have no impact on health care expenses and little to none on most doctors' malpractice premiums. And despite the distortions put forth by its opponents, this patient safety initiative isn't about enriching trial lawyers.
In fact, the Prop 46 coalition of patients, consumer advocates and contingency-fee attorneys are underdogs, outspent 10-to-1 by a medical insurance Goliath fueled by fat checks from the wildly profitable malpractice insurance industry.
What Prop 46 will do is make California the nation's first state to require physician drug and alcohol testing, just like we do for pilots, police and others who hold our lives in their hands. Physicians would be suspended pending investigation of a positive test and face potential disciplinary action.
It will also mandate that doctors check the state's existing prescription drug database to curb the epidemic of pharmaceutical abuse. And it will adjust California's malpractice cap for pain-and-suffering damages to account for nearly four decades of inflation -- while leaving in place a fee cap on lawyers.
For most Californians, the prospect of falling victim to medical negligence, a physician under the influence or a doctor-shopping drug abuser seems remote. But the sad reality is it could happen at any time.
Bob Pack's two children -- Troy, 10, and 7-year-old Alana -- were run down and killed by a motorist high on pharmaceuticals recklessly prescribed by multiple physicians at the same hospital. All these doctors didn't bother to check that peers had passed along duplicate prescriptions.
In the months after the tragedy, Bob tried unsuccessfully to work with the hospital to bolster use of its prescription database to prevent doctor shoppers. Turning to the courts to hold the hospital accountable, he discovered that an obscure state law passed in 1975 put the value of a child's life so low that no one would take his case.
Bob then sought help in the legislature, but soon found the powers that be in Sacramento and hospital boardrooms were too formidable and unwilling to change the status quo.
That's why he wrote Prop 46. He didn't ask for this fight, but Bob Pack believes California voters deserve the right to improve a system that is resistant to change and puts such a low price on a child's life. I wholeheartedly agree.
While the public polls show support for Prop 46 weakening under the assault of foes' TV ad blitz, I have faith in the average voter to see past the paid-media manipulation. If Californians look at the stakes and the solutions, they'll know what to do on Election Day. They'll know that despite the opponents' flashy ads, laden with fear mongering and mistruths, we the people need to step in and stem the death toll from medical errors.
Prop 46 gives us that chance, a shot at correcting a dangerous problem that politicians and the health care establishment refuse to seriously address. In the absence of leadership, it's up to us to do what's necessary to protect patients -- and save lives.
Follow Erin Brockovich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ErinBrockovich
More:

US governors order Ebola quarantineUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expect hot and spicy earnings this weekExpect hot and spicy earnings this week
By: Matt Krantz October 27, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
It’s a red hot week for earnings. Literally.
A slew of nearly 160 S&P 500 companies are reporting this week. Expect a spicy Monday. Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) – a hot wings restaurant reports. It’s a favorite among Millennials – and we all care what they’re doing. Earnings are expected to jump nearly 13%. Also Tuesday is casino operator Caesars (CZR) . Investors hope for a triumphant return to profitability. Keep waiting. Analysts see the company losing $1.72 a share in the quarter.
Get your game face ready Tuesday. Game maker Electronic Arts (EA) reports. People don’t just play games on phones after all. Strong sales of Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles mean a bigger audience for high quality games. Analysts are calling EA’s profit to jump 61%. Drug giant Pfizer (PFE) also reports. Big pharma is still not growing. Analysts see profit falling 5%. Where IS the growth? One word: Facebook (F) . The social media giant is seen exploding 60%. And get this? Facebook beat expectations the past five straight quarters.
Tired yet. Caffeine up. Thursday coffee chain Starbucks (SBUX) reports. Is the push into tea and soda a jolt or fizzle? Analysts hope for a lift: earnings are seen increasing 23%.
Hot wings. Video games. Coffee. You’ll find something to keep you entertained this week.
Photo source: USA TODAY

Vasundhra Raje expands her council of ministers  inducts 14 newmembersThis is the first expansion of Cabinet after Raje took over as Chief Minister in December last year. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:55 am
 
Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje inducted 15 new ministers to her team Monday following months of deliberations with the Center. Raje managed to have her way by keeping out her dissentors from the list and threw up quite a few surprises.
Rajpal Singh (MLA from Jhotwara), Kiran Maheshwari (Rajsamand), Surendra Goyal (Jaitaran) and Dr Rampratap (Hanumangarh) were sworn in as state cabinet ministers by Governor Kalyan Singh. Amra Ram (Pachpadra), Krishnendra Kaur (Nadbai), Vasudev Devnani (Ajmer North), Rajkumar Rinwa (Ratangarh), Surendra Pal Singh (Karanpur) and Anita Bhadel (Ajmer South) were sworn in as Ministers of State (Independent charge). Four ministers – Pushpendra Singh (Bali), Babu Lal Verma (Kesheorapatan) , Arjun Lal (Bilara) and Otaram Dewasi (Sirohi) – were inducted as MoS. Jeetmal Khat (Banswara), who missed the oath taking ceremony in the afternoon, arrived in the state capital later in the day and was administered oath as a minister in the evening.
Even as Raje attempted social engineering in her cabinet revamp, her cautious tiptoeing around her dissentors was evident. Senior legislators whose names were doing the rounds such as Ghanshyam Tiwari, Narpat Singh Rajvi and Rao Rajendra Singh were given a miss. Tiwari, a vocal dissentor of Raje, was being backed by the RSS and had caused much rift between Raje and the Center. Tiwari, former education minister, had won with a whopping majority of over 68,000 votes. Rajvi and Rao, both senior leaders, too did not manage to win Raje’s favour.
Raje was working with a lean team of 12 ministers including herself since the BJP government came to power in December. Raje herself held 47 portfolios that had led to major backlog of work in several departments. The ruling government also got embroiled in a controversy as former legislator Sanwar Lal Jat, who was elected as Member of Parliament from Ajmer defeating former Congress union minister Sachin Pilot, continued to hold a cabinet portfolio even after vacating his assembly seat. The state government was on the brink of a constitutional crisis as Jat who sought a special provision to continue holding his portfolio for six months from vacating his assembly seat, would have lost the privilege by November end. The state cabinet would have then come down to 11 ministers leading to a constitutional crisis. The state cabinet has to comprise at least 12 percent of the total assembly strength which is 12 for Rajasthan (200 seats).
Following the expansion, the Raje government now has a total of 26 ministers including the CM. A meeting of the new cabinet was called late on Monday evening to discuss the portfolios that are yet to be announced. Jat’s exit is now continued…

6  Flash  stocks with room to runEMAIL
Photo: Nino Munoz/ 2014 The CW Network, LLC.
Fast-moving markets can be a nitro boost for certain stocks — making them look like a streaking blur. Investors are watching which of these stocks are racing ahead of the market — but pros still think they have room to run.
There are six stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including medical firm Mylan (MYL) , industrial giant Textron (TXT) and energy firm Tesoro (TSO) , that are in a fast track of their own. All these stocks are up 10% or more over the past 30 days, up this year and still have 10% or more upside before hitting analysts’ 18-month price targets, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. All the stocks have average “outperform” ratings from the analysts.
During fast-changing markets, like the one investors have endured this month so far, some stocks can show the kind of speed they’re capable of. But recent volatility is a reminder investors can’t just chase after winners and blindly hope the stocks keep up the pace. That’s why it’s wise to consider which stocks not only have momentum — but still have open road to keep it going.
When it comes to blisteringly fast stocks that analysts still see plenty of upside for it’s hard to beat Mylan.  The maker of both generic and branded drugs has raced ahead 10.3% over the past 30 days to $51.22. That’s an impressive run if you consider the S&P 500 during the same time is down 1.7%. And even though shares of Mylan are up 18% this year, analysts see even more blazing trails ahead. Analysts say this stock could rise rise 14% before hitting the average price target of $58.46. That’s well above the 9.9% average gain analysts are forecasting for all the S&P 500 stocks, on average.
Textron, the industrial giant which makes everything from helicopters to golf carts, has been lighting it up lately. Shares have added 7.2% over the past 30 days to $38.76. The recent surge is putting the stock back on track. Textron shares are up 5.4% year-to-date, while positive, lags the S&P 500’s 2014 gain so far of 6.3%. Perhaps that’s one reason why analysts feel so confident to see the stock rising another 13% before hitting the 18-month price target of $43.64.
Certainly, the analysts could simply be getting swept up in the excitement of stocks on the move and assuming the run can continue. But there’s no question these stocks have plenty of speed going into the end of the year. And investors hope this speed might even push the stocks beyond what the analysts are calling for.
S&P 500 STOCKS UP YEAR-TO-DATE, UP 10% OR MORE PAST 30 DAYS AND WITH 10% OR GREATER UPSIDE BEFORE HITTING THEIR 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Company

Haider  wins at the Rome Film FestivalCelebrity
'Haider' wins People’s Choice Award at the Rome Film Festival
Haider produced by UTV Motion Pictures and VB Pictures which had its Italian premiere at the prestigious Rome Film Festival on 24th October, won the ‘People’s Choice Award’ in the Mondo Genre(World Genre) announced today. Out of the 7 films that featured under this genre, Haider was the only Asian film selected across the globe. This is the first time that an Indian film wins the Audience Award in a non-specialized (non-focused on Asian Cinema) wide-ranging International festival. After winning hearts across India, the movie continues to woo audiences across the globe.
Winning the ‘People’s Choice Award’ is truly prestigious as it’s one of the most unbiased awards since its chosen by the audiences and Haider was clearly the choice of the people. This is a huge ... more 
Winning the ‘People’s Choice Award’ is truly prestigious as it’s one of the most unbiased awards since its chosen by the audiences and Haider was clearly the choice of the people. This is a huge honour for the Film as well as the country. less 
1 / 30

Tata Power to speed up $1.8 billion Vietnam power stationTata Power to speed up $1.8 billion Vietnam power station
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.02AM IST
Tata Power Company Ltd plans to complete work on a $1.8 billion thermal power station in Vietnam three years early, government officials said.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Tata Power Company Ltd plans to complete work on a $1.8 billion thermal power station in Vietnam three years early, government officials said, as the two countries strive to showcase the economic ties between them.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung, visiting India just a month after India's president travelled to his country, said he had met Tata group officials and that the 1,320 megawatt project would be completed by 2019 instead of 2022.
Tata Power won the contract last year to develop the coal-fired Long Phu 2 Power Project in the southern Soc Trang province of Vietnam on a build, own and transfer basis. Indian officials also said the project had been brought forward.
"I have promised to the Tatas we will create favourable conditions for the power project," Dung told a business conference. "They said this project is not the final step, they are interested in expanding the relationship further."
The strengthening of ties between the two countries, in defence as well, comes as both are embroiled in territorial disputes with China.
Trade between the two countries increased by over 30 per cent to $8 billion in 2013/14 from the previous year, the Indian foreign ministry said.
Dung said trade could hit $20 billion by 2021, far outstripping a target of $15 billion.
"India and Vietnam are two thriving economies at this point. This offers us a strong opportunity to build ties further," Dung said.
Vietnam expects economic growth of 6.2 per cent in 2015, faster than the targeted 5.8 per cent this year. India's gross domestic product grew a faster-than-expected 5.7 per cent year-on-year in the quarter ended in June, the fastest pace in two and half years.
India's Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Ltd also has signed a memorandum of understanding on the management of an expressway connecting Hanoi to the port city of Haiphong under an approximately $2 billion contract.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Toyota Motor Corp tops Consumer Reports reliability rankingsToyota tops, Fiat Chrysler last in Consumer Reports quality survey
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.32AM IST
Toyota Motor Corp's namesake brand and its Lexus luxury brand finished one-and-two for the second year in a row in Consumer Reports' annual survey.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DETROIT: Toyota Motor Corp's namesake brand and its Lexus luxury brand finished one-and-two for the second year in a row in Consumer Reports' annual quality survey of the US new-vehicle market, the influential magazine said on Monday.
The four lowest-scoring brands were all from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Chrysler Group, as were five of the bottom seven. Fiat scored the lowest of the 28 brands and the Fiat 500L was named the least reliable among 265 models included in the survey.
The survey is seen as a key factor in influencing American car shoppers.
Jake Fisher, director of automotive testing for Consumer Reports, said it seems Chrysler has been "picking less reliable partners" as times goes on, from Japan's Mitsubishi Motors Corp to German's Daimler AG to Italy's Fiat.
However, poor results do not always translate into weaker sales. For instance, Chrysler's brands have been at or near the bottom of the survey since at least 2009, while the group's share of the US market has risen to 12.2 per cent this year through September from less than 9 per cent in 2009.
The biggest complaint about new cars and trucks is that infotainment systems do not work well.
Infotainment systems include safety features, as well as satellite radio and hands-free telephone and internet capabilities, usually displayed on video screens on dashboards.
Fisher said the complaints about infotainment systems are about how they perform after a driver understands them, not about them not being intuitive.
The biggest gain in this year's survey was by Ford Motor Co's luxury Lincoln brand, up 12 spots to 15th place. The biggest drop was recorded by Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz because of a poor showing for its new CLA model.
Fisher said Toyota brands perform well because the automaker takes a deliberate approach to introducing new features while others that forge ahead with developing technology, power train and design features have the greatest chance to disappoint.
Ford performed miserably in the survey just a few years ago because of its "MyTouch" infotainment systems. But the complaint rate for the system is much improved in this year's survey, Fisher said.
Japanese brands, which have dominated the survey in recent years, took the first four places, with Mazda Motor Corp
third and Honda Motor Co fourth. Fifth was Volkswagen AG's luxury brand Audi, followed by the lone domestic brand in the top 10, General Motors Co's Buick at No. 6.
Rounding out the top 10 were Fuji Heavy Industries' Subaru , Toyota's youth-oriented Scion, VW's Porsche sports car brand and Kia Motors Corp's namesake brand.
The survey was completed out by 1.1 million consumers, down from 1.3 million in 2010.

Rite Aid becomes latest retailer to shut off...Rite Aid becomes latest retailer to shut off Apple Pay
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.32AM IST
Retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Target Corp , Kohl's Corp have all refused to accept Apple Pay at their stores.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHICAGO: US drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp will ban Apple Inc's new electronic payments service in its 4,572 stores as it commits to joining a consortium of other large retailers developing a rival payments system.
Retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Target Corp , Kohl's Corp have all refused to accept Apple Pay at their stores.
Apple Pay, which was unveiled in September, is a mobile payment app that allows consumers to buy things by simply holding their iPhone6 and 6 Plus devices up to readers installed by store merchants.
The rival system, called Current C, is being developed by Merchants Customer Exchange (MCX), a consortium of merchants that includes Rite Aid and CVS.
Rite Aid stopped accepting Apple Pay last week. Spokeswoman Ashley Flower said the company is continually evaluating various forms of mobile payment technologies.
On Sunday, the New York Times reported that Rite Aid and CVS Health Corp had refused to accept Apple Pay.CVS did not immediately respond to queries seeking comment.
"I think these two retailers - Rite Aid and CVS - have committed contractually to MCX," said Nick Holland, senior analyst, payments, Javelin Strategy & Research.
"I believe there was an exclusivity agreement ...which means that as part of the MCX consortium that was your point-of-sale mobile payment network."

L&T to build  Statue of Unity  for Rs 2 979 crYou are here: Home > Collections
Larsen and Toubro bags contract to build 'Statue of Unity' for Rs 2,979 crore
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 07.09PM IST
Tags:
Anandi Patel
(S N Subrahmanyan (front…)
GANDHINAGAR: The work order for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project 'Statue of Unity' - the world's tallest statue of India's first home minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , was issued by the Gujarat government today, to leading engineering company Larsen and Toubro (L&T).
Work on the 182-metre tall statue of Sardar Patel is to be completed at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore, said Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel who presided over the function of handing over the work order.
"This huge construction work will be completed in four years at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore. The contract has been given to the country's leading construction company Larsen and Toubro," Patel said in her address, while giving the contract order to L&T.
"Rs 1,347 crore will be spent on the main statue, Rs 235 crore will be spent on the exhibition hall and convention centre, while Rs 83 crore will be spent on the bridge connecting the memorail to the main land and Rs 657 crore would be spent to maintain the structure until 15 years after it is completed," Patel said.
The 182-metre-tall 'Statue of Unity', which would be double the size of New York's 'Statue of Liberty' (93 metres), would inspire future generations, Patel said.
"The project will include an exhibition hall and audio- visual presentation on the life of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, which will become the centre of attraction for tourists from the all over the world," she said.
Patel also said that 75,000 cubic metres of concrete, 5,700 metric tonne of steel structure, 18,500 steel rods and 22,500 metric tonne of bronze will be used for the project.
Patel claimed that the 'Statue of Unity' project will generate employment in the tribal area of Narmada district as well as boost the tourism sector.
The 'Statue of Unity' will be built at Sadhu Island approximately 3.5 km south of Sardar Sarovar Dam at Kevadia area in Narmada district of the state of Gujarat.
The project was launched by the former Gujarat Chief Minister and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 31, 2013, on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary.
Modi had also launched a country wide campaign to collect iron to build the 'Statue Of Unity' and the Gujarat government has claimed that iron was collected from around seven lakh villages across the nation.
The Gujarat state government had invited expression of interest from all over the world for the project.
After completion of the tender process, L&T has been given the contract of to execute the 'Statue Of Unity' project.
Leading construction company Turner Construction , which built Dubai's famous architectural structure 'Burj Khalifa', is a consultant to the project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CCI directs Coal India to modify e-auction termsCCI directs Coal India to modify e-auction terms
US oil prices slide below $80 levelOil price fall changes Mexican budget calculations
Jude Webber in Querétaro, Gregory Meyer in New York and Neil Hume in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1006fb0-5df8-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fall TVs lesbian revolutionBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 27 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Erica Ash and Jessie Usher in Starz’s “Survivor’s Remorse.” (Credit: Starz)
To the dismay of many television fans, Kalinda Sharma (Archie Panjabi), the sultry bisexual investigator from “The Good Wife”  is taking her leather jacket collection elsewhere.  Her impending departure deprives viewers of not just a long-running LGBT character but one of the  very few such characters who is also non-white .
But while the end of Panjabi’s run on “The Good Wife” might once have felt like a serious deprivation, new shows this fall have introduced a striking number of wonderful lesbian characters, a number of whom are women of color. They join ABC Family’s “The Fosters,” about an interracial lesbian couple and their blended family.
This phenomenon has not garnered the same attention that shows like “The New Normal” and “Modern Family” did for their stories about middle-class white gay men getting married. Nevertheless, it feels a little bit like a revolution — and a highly entertaining one.
The worthiest — and funniest — potential successor to Kalinda is Mary Charles (Erica Ash), the big sister to rising NBA superstar Cam Calloway (Jessie Usher) on the Starz comedy “Survivor’s Remorse,” executive-produced by LeBron James. M-Chuck, as her family calls her, is a high femme with a womanizing streak that is apparently a family trait. She and her uncle Julius (Mike Epps) vie to see who will do better on the dating scene after the family relocates to Atlanta when Cam signs his first big contract. Ash plays M-Chuck with appetite and swagger, and she dominates every scene she appears in.
But M-Chuck also has a raw streak; in four episodes of “Survivor’s Remorse,” we have gotten a deeper sense of her true inner life than Kalinda ever really showed us in 5½ seasons on “The Good Wife.” From her painful confrontation with Cam, we learned she protected him when they were both children from a man who preyed on neighborhood boys. And this weekend’s simultaneously hilarious and hurtful episode was all about the challenges of finding a church home for the family that will welcome M-Chuck without requiring her to pretend to be something other than what she is.
Another contender is Luisa Alver, the obstetrician who accidentally inseminates a devout young woman in the CW’s telenovela “Jane the Virgin.” Yara Martinez, who brings more than a touch of Lucille Ball to her role on the Amazon comedy “Alpha House,”  does something subtle and sad even in the heightened reality of “Jane the Virgin.” Luisa is in recovery, both from her alcoholism and a severe case of her heartbreak — in the finest telenovela fashion, her lover, who is also the lawyer who will defend Luisa from a malpractice suit over the botched insemination, left Luisa for her father.
Luisa is neither burdened with the requirement to be an exemplar nor written as a villain in an effort at compensating for that equally stultifying stereotype. In keeping with the essential niceness of “Jane the Virgin,” she is simply a person trying to carry a heavy emotional load, which includes the pressure to get her brother’s wife pregnant because the couple have had trouble conceiving.
While M-Chuck and Luisa are the two most significant lesbian characters on TV this fall, a number of other programs have adopted lesbian supporting characters with the same enthusiasm that their counterparts have shown for bearded best friends .
On “Marry Me,” engaged couple Annie (Casey Wilson) and Jake (Ken Marino) hang out with a group of friends including Kay (Timberlee Hill), who cruises a variant of Tinder for potential dates. In “Mulaney,” the titular comedian works on an awful game show with no-nonsense crew chief Mary Jo (Fortune Feimster), a character who risks becoming a throwback butch lesbian stereotype but who also has the courage to call out their terrible boss (Martin Short).
And this season, “The Mindy Project” introduced Dr. Jean Fishman (Niecey Nash), the socially awkward division head of the hospital where Mindy (Mindy Kaling) and the other doctors in her OB/GYN practice do their procedures. “I’ve been spending every night at the Statue of Liberty because I just assumed that’s what people did,” Jean tells Mindy mournfully when Mindy comes to apologize for interrupting one of Jean’s meetings by offering to take Jean out on the town. What followed was a series of very silly but very funny misunderstandings involving Mindy, Jean, Mindy’s boyfriend, Danny (Chris Messina), and Jean’s wife.
Nash may have dropped by “The Mindy Project” for just an episode, but the series should consider having her back, if only to give the medical practice an anchor and an ongoing conflict.
For while this profusion of very good supporting characters feels significant and fun, it is not the same thing as a television environment where we regularly get a representative number of LGBT main characters, and creators do not get to make the case that the lives of LGBT people are just as interesting as those of their straight counterparts.
Even in ensemble shows or small roles, this fall’s wonderful new lesbian characters, united only by their sexual orientation, are putting on a showcase for what that environment might look like. M-Chuck, Luisa, Kay, Mary Jo and Jane are all incredibly different, and taken together, they make fall television feel awfully alive.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Euro up on U.S. data but stymied by German business sentimentDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Before NDA came  HSBC gave Govt info on 75 individuals inlistPrint
The information had been given by HSBC itself following negotiations between the bank and Indian Income-Tax authorities.
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:51 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:57 am
The Indian government had the details of the overseas bank accounts of 75 individuals and entities named in the so-called ‘HSBC Geneva list’ even before Swiss authorities agreed this month to share this information with New Delhi.
The information had been given by HSBC itself following negotiations between the bank and Indian Income-Tax authorities in January 2013. HSBC made the details available earlier this year, before the NDA government came to power.
On October 15, following a meeting in Bern between Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das and the Swiss State Secretary for International Financial Matters, Jacques de Watteville, the countries issued a joint statement that said the “Swiss authorities would assist in obtaining confirmation on the genuineness of bank documents on request by the Indian side”.
The ‘HSBC list’ contains details of accounts held by 628 Indian individuals and entities at the Geneva branch of HSBC’s Swiss subsidiary, HSBC Private Bank. This information — categorised as name, address, account number and balance — was stolen from the bank by a former staffer, Herve Falciani, on a particular day in 2006, and was supplied to India by France in June 2011.
Indian authorities are currently in the process of investigating the HSBC list. According to Income-Tax documents accessed by The Indian Express, assessments are complete in 65 cases, including those decided by the Income-Tax Settlement Commission.
In the course of the negotiations with HSBC in 2013, a consent waiver scheme was devised to get around Swiss secrecy laws. Indian tax authorities obtained consent waivers from account holders and sent them to HSBC, which then released the details of the accounts.
Consent waivers were obtained in 174 cases — all of individuals/entities who had accepted that they held accounts in the bank — and details were obtained in 75 cases.
Assessments are now complete in 14 of these 75 cases. Assessments in the remaining 61 cases are nearing completion.
The 14 cases are part of the larger pool of 65 cases in which assessments have been completed. The larger pool includes cases in which information has been received through the consent waiver route.
In at least 27 cases (in the full HSBC list), Income-Tax has begun prosecution proceedings for non-furnishing of account details. In three cases — names that were revealed by the Centre on Monday — charges have been filed.
The Indian Express reported on Saturday that many accounts do not have a specific amount mentioned against them. There are 289 such names.
Also, in the list of 628 — 613 of whom are individuals and 15 are entities — 122 names are repeated. These 122 cases are in the nature of joint accounts, or of names jointly associated with accounts.
The Income-Tax investigation, which started in July 2011, has resulted in search and seizures in 142 cases, surveys in 8, continued…

Women take charge of sand mining  sale in AndhraPradeshPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:58 am
In an attempt to empower women in villages, the Andhra Pradesh government on Monday started sand mining and sale through women belonging to Development of Women and Children in Rural Areas (DWCRA) as part of its “victory over poverty” campaign.
A group of eight women comprising members of DWCRA as well as Self-Help Groups will run the village organisation involved in sand mining, marketing, taking orders online, and sales on the field. The group will not only involve other interested women in the business,
but also oversee operations and sales through a process that is being worked out by the AP Mineral Development Corporation and Society for Elimination of Rural Poverty.
They will work in two shifts — four in each shift — to monitor the operations.
The TDP government Monday allocated a loan of Rs 5 lakh through banks to each such village organisation to put into place the apparatus needed for sand mining and start the sale.
Once the women’s groups start working fully, customers can order for sand online by registering with their Aadhar number on Mee Seva or through Indira Kranti Patham-SERP website. The consumer can pay the amount online through a bank transaction.
The customer would be informed about the status or movement of the vehicle carrying the ordered cargo of sand by continuously monitoring it through GPS trackers from the control room at the stock point centre. The GPS tracking systems, CCTV monitoring of the stock point centres, and other installations would be outsourced, said Women Empowerment Minister P Sujatha.
The GPS trackers will ensure that truck drivers do not divert the sand or sell some portion  of it on the way, and make deliveries promptly. The CCTVs installed at the stock point centres will ensure that there are no discrepancies while loading sand.
Of the 81 identified sand reaches in the state, sale of sand has begun in 70 of them. 11 reaches (four of Orissa, one in Karnataka, four in Puducherry and two in Telangana) are inter-state sharing sites.
In a pilot project carried out in East Godavari district, 1.9 lakh cubic metres of sand has been excavated through women’s village organisations. Of this, 40,000 cubic metres has been sold and has fetched Rs 2.95 crore. According to officials, 75 per cent of this amount earned in the pilot project would be transferred to Farmers’ Empowerment Corporation.

Xiaomi to scotch privacy fears with Indian data centreXiaomi to scotch privacy fears with Indian data centre
Haryana govt to review Congress decisionsHaryana govt to review Congress decisions
Alembic to buy 49% stake in Algerian coAlembic to buy 49% stake in Algerian co
Fracking Triggers 400 Micro-Earthquakes in Ohio: Studyfracking triggers 400 micro-earthquakes in ohio: study
Credit or Debit Hacks Make Shoppers RethinkCash, credit or debit? Retail hacks force 'freaked out' holiday shoppers to rethink
Ben Popken TODAY
Elaine Thompson / AP
A customer swipes a MasterCard debit card through a machine while checking-out at a shop in Seattle.
Consumers are shopping scared this holiday season. And dangerously.
They've got plenty of reason to do the former. In the past year, retailer after retailer has announced they've discovered malware hidden inside their credit card swipe machines that skimmed the payment data for millions of customers' credit and debit cards.  Just this week Staples announced it was investigating a new breach involving at least 13 stores in the Northeast.
Skittish, nearly half of shoppers plan on avoiding stores hit by data breaches, according to a new Creditcards.com survey.
But shoppers have no reason to shop unsafely at the stores they choose to patronize. Using a credit card gives shoppers more protections than either debit cards or cash. If your debit card is stolen in a new malware breach, hackers can drain your account dry with online purchases or clone your card and make ATM withdrawals anywhere in the world.
"With credit it’s innocent until proven guilty," said Alex Cook, a 52-year old musician in New York. Previously a scammer tried to charge $500 at a Staples in New Rochelle using her debit card info. Getting the funds back proved a trial. "Dealing with banks you’re guilty until proven innocent."
Despite this, only one in eight respondents to the Creditcards.com survey said the breaches would make them more likely to use a credit card.
Outside a Staples in New York City's Midtown, Sonia C, a 34-year-old producer who declined to give her last name for privacy reasons, said she prefers to use debit. 
"It's easiest," she said, compared with carrying around a wad of cash for holiday shopping, or dealing with credit card bills and finance charges.
She's right. Instead, the money comes right out of your account. That's true whether you're shopping, or a fraudster is using your stolen card information. After a scam, it could take nearly two weeks for the money to be restored to your account, assuming the bank sides with you.
That came as news to Sonia.
"I'm freaked out," she said.
Video: TODAY’s Jeff Rossen shows viewers just how quick and easy it can be for a hacker, like the ones behind the Target breach, to make duplicate copies of credit cards and start a spending spree.
Even though credit and debit cards look and swipe the same, a 3.370 by 2.125 inch piece of plastic with numbers on the front and a magnetic strip on the back, when trouble hits they're pretty different.
A debit card, akin to an evolved ATM card, is real money from your bank account. That's true even if you select "credit" instead of "debit" at checkout. 
A credit card, on the other hand, is basically a plastic loan. You can dispute questionable charges before you have to pay for them, instead of fighting to get back money into your account.
"You're just better off by and large paying with a credit card because you have more rights and you're not out the money," said Susan Grant, Director of Consumer Protection at the Consumer Federation of America.
Additionally, banks are allowed to wait up until 10 days to refund fraudulently withdrawn funds. For many, that's too long.
"Consumers find their checking account empty or almost empty and they don't have money to pay for rent," said Paul Stephens, director of policy and advocacy for the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Debit cards are also harsher when it comes to how quickly you have to spot fraud and report it to get all your money back. Per federal law, if a thief goes on a spree with a credit card, you can only be liable for up to $50.
But for debit, you have two days to report it after it's fraudulently used to be liable for up to $50 only. Report it between two business days and less than 60 days of getting a statement that included the unauthorized charges and your liability jumps to $500.
Take more than 60 days and you could be on the hook for the whole thing.
That's according to statute. As a matter of customer service and policy banks can be more lenient. During the breaches this year banks have said no customer will be held responsible for any unauthorized charges. 
After the Target breach that affected 40 million credit and debt cards, "Sanchez," a 67-year-old cook at a Westin in New York, who declined to give his full name out fear that fraudsters could spot it online and use it to conduct further attacks, said thieves hit his debit card with $1,200 in charges. He said the bank put the money back and in letters wrote they were temporarily restoring the funds to his account pending the results of their investigation.
Ever since, he's paid only in cash to avoid any risk of hackers stealing his account information. 
"Everybody has got to open their eyes," he said. "Especially during the holiday times."
Email Ben Popken at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or follow him on Twitter @bpopken .
Tags:

India s growth pace to pick up as reforms draw investmentPrint
By Rahul Karunakar and Ashrith Doddi
BANGALORE (Reuters) - India's economy will likely grow at its fastest pace in two years in the current fiscal year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi implements reforms to attract investment, a Reuters poll of economists showed on Friday.
The after-glow from Modi's election victory earlier in the year helped India's economy clock a robust 5.7 percent growth rate for the quarter ending in June.
The economy has just lumbered through the longest spell of below-5 percent growth in a quarter of a century, but forecasts are now predicting that the slump has passed.
Hopes of reforms for economic revival from Modi have attracted foreign capital inflows - before the election in May until now - triggering a massive rally in the stock market, making it one of the best performers in Asia so far this year.
That optimism looks set to continue.
"The outlook is improving and that mostly reflects the fact that the new government has pledged to prioritise economic reforms. First we saw an improvement in sentiment and now it is translating to actual pick-up in activity," said Tuuli McCully, senior economist at Scotiabank.
"Obviously, we really need to see more (reforms). But as of now, I am encouraged by how things are moving."
Over the past month, Modi's government has stepped up economic reforms, opening up the coal industry to private investors and freeing diesel prices to market forces from government subsidies.
The latest Reuters poll of 20 economists taken over the past week shows Asia's third-largest economy will likely grow 5.5 percent this fiscal year and 6.4 percent the next, slightly better than 5.3 percent and 6.3 percent expected in the July poll.
"India is transitioning away from stagflation conditions, and the much-needed combination of higher real rates, a more friendly investment environment and structural reforms appear to be slowly coming together," wrote Manoj Pradhan, an economist at Morgan Stanley.
However, without big-bang reforms to propel the economy back to a near double-digit growth, economists say, a broader and sustained economic revival will likely remain elusive.
Also, the global economy is showing signs of weakening and is expected to weigh on overseas demand for Indian merchandise.
Indeed, the economic outlook for two of India's biggest trading partners - China and the euro zone - has dimmed and is expected to drag on the global economy.
Consumer price inflation - the biggest challenge faced by the Reserve Bank of India - cooled to 6.46 percent last month, the lowest level since this series began in January 2012, from a revised 7.73 percent in August.
But the poll showed consumer prices will average 7.5 percent this fiscal year and ease to 7.0 percent next year.
"Despite lower inflation prints and the fall in commodity prices, the communication from RBI suggests it will keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term to achieve medium-term price stability," wrote Rahul Bajoria, economist at Barclays.
The RBI is expected to keep its key repo rate steady at 8.0 percent well into next year, even as a separate Reuters poll in September showed the Sensex would keep setting record highs through to the end of 2015.
 
(Additional reporting by Deepti Govind and Sarmista Sen; Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Chiquita orange: enjoy the smoothie© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/fed7ed9e-5dea-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We will discuss concrete steps to boost defence ties with India: Vietnam PMIndia
(The growing defence ties…)
Bilateral ties between India and Vietnam has been upswing since strategic partnership was concluded in 2007. The growing defence ties got a boost amid tensions following China's territorial ambitions in the region. Vietnam could be first recipient of Brahmos missiles jointly developed by India & Russia. Besides, the Southeast Asian nation is also emerging as hydrocarbon source for India. Close on heels of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Vietnam, its Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung is in India eyeing to expand defence & investment ties. In a free-wheeling interview with ET's Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, the PM in a veiled reference to China suggested that Beijing must refrain from use of force & threat in the South China Sea region and instead abide by international law. He went on to assure to safeguard India's current energy interests in that region.
Mr. Prime Minister, is Vietnam able to ensure the interests of foreign oil and gas companies currently active in the East Sea? What should regional countries do to enhance cooperation, control the situation and maintain a stabilizing environment in the region?
The recent instabilities and tensions in the East Sea have shown that peace, stability, maritime and aviation security and safety, and freedom of navigation can only be ensured once all countries, especially those directly involved, seriously comply with international law and the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), refrain from any unilateral actions that may further complicate the situation and from the use or threat of force, fully and effectively implement the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC) and soon conclude a Code of Conduct (COC).
Viet Nam believes that if the parties concerned persevere with the resolution of maritime issues through peaceful means, on the basis of international law including the 1982 UNCLOS, fully and seriously implement the 2002 DOC, soon conclude the COC, refrain from any actions that may further complicate the situation and worsen disputes, then all disputes and disagreements will be controlled and tension will not arise.
Viet Nam welcomes and is committed to creating every favorable condition for normal economic cooperation activities between Vietnamese oil and gas companies and their foreign partners, including Indian companies, in the Exclusive Economic Zone and continental shelf of Viet Nam in keeping with the Vietnamese law and international law, particularly the 1982 UNCLOS.
Mr. Prime Minister, did the recent visits to Viet Nam by the President and Minister of External Affairs of India represent a signal for closer relations between the two countries? Which areas of cooperation will be expanded in your upcoming visit to India? What do you expect from the new Government in India and from this visit? What are the investment opportunities in Viet Nam for Indian enterprises? Which areas in India do Vietnamese companies wish to invest in?
Viet Nam and India enjoy a time-honored and sound traditional friendship and close bonds. This relationship was founded by President Ho Chi Minh and Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and has been nurtured and fostered by the leaders and people of both countries through generations. The two countries have always demonstrated solidarity, cooperation and mutual support during the past struggles for national liberation, independence and freedom as well as in the cause of national construction and development in each country today.
The political ties between the two countries have been increasingly strengthened on the basis of mutual trust given the exchange of visits and meetings at all levels and through all channels. Particularly, since the establishment of Strategic Partnership in 2007, the friendship and cooperation between Viet Nam and India have seen rapid growth, particularly on the pillars of bilateral cooperation such as politics, trade and investment, defense-security, science-technology, culture and education. The two countries have become each other's important economic partners, and are striving to achieve the target for bilateral trade of US$7 billion by 2015 and US$15 billion by 2020.
It is my pleasure to pay an official visit to India at the invitation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. During the visit, I will hold talks with Prime Minister N. Modi and have discussions with other senior Leaders of India on measures to deepen the close friendship and Strategic Partnership between Viet Nam and India. On the sideline of the visit, a Business Forum will be held with a view to promote opportunities for bilateral economic, trade and investment cooperation. It is expected that a large number of contracts and agreements will be signed on this occasion.

Possible Complete Mammoth Skeleton Found in IdahoThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

$75 oil: Winners & losers$75 oil: winners & losers
BJP observes Patna blastanniversaryPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:59 am
The BJP Monday observed the first anniversary of Gandhi Maidan serial blasts by organising an event to pay tribute to the six victims, whom they referred to as “family members”.
The BJP, which has already installed statues of the blast victims in their villages, also showed video clips of the incident, which took place during Narendra Modi’s Hunkar rally last year. The BJP had taken out an “asthi kalash yatra” from the villages of the blast victims last November.
Senior BJP leaders Sushil Kumar Modi, Assembly Opposition leader Nand Kishore Yadav and MP Shatrughan Sinha attended the function.
Later, the party put pressure on the JD(U) government for “being soft in handling of terrorism”. Speaking to The Indian Express, former deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said: “We want to know from the JD(U) government why it did not order any probe into security lapses during Gandhi Maidan blasts.” He said that the BJP had already given Rs 5 lakh compensation to the next of kin of each blast victim.
The JD(U) has, meanwhile, alleged that the BJP was playing politics in the name of the blasts, first by taking out ‘asthi kalash yatra’ and now by building statues.

Blackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fund -sourcesBlackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fund -sources
Private equity firms invest $3.1 billion in July-September: ReportPrivate equity firms invest $3.1 billion in July-September: Report
Honda recalls 2 338 units of Brio  Amaze  CR-V in IndiaHonda recalls 2 338 units of Brio  Amaze  CR-V in India
Keith McMillan  Gene Wang and Chelsea JanesBeing a QB in this town is a tough, tough job.
Dec 5, 2014
Wizards guard reacts to big shot over Kobe Bryant.
Dec 4, 2014
There won’t be a more loyal Redskins fan at FedEx Field on Sunday than Chad Ryan.
Dec 4, 2014
Shep Garner will never score an easier basket.
Dec 4, 2014
Fans of The Tony Kornheiser Show are very familiar with Jerry Negrelli’s work.
Dec 4, 2014
Vienna native plays the electric guitar in catchy video, which features a cameo by RGIII.
Dec 3, 2014

BSE plans foray into commodity tradingBSE plans foray into commodity trading
Consumer demand still weak: Hindustan Unilever LtdConsumer demand still weak: Hindustan Unilever Ltd
World Bank sees 5.6% growthWorld Bank sees 5.6% growth
Centre according to ModiSeveral economists have been disappointed by Modi’s first few days in office.
Written by Christophe Jaffrelot | Posted: October 27, 2014 12:04 am
Narendra Modi became prime minister on May 26, a little more than 150 days ago, after an election campaign that raised many expectations. According to some of Modi’s staunchest supporters, the modernisation of the Indian economy was set to happen because he would free the caged Indian tiger for good. Political commentator Swapan Dasgupta wrote in May that he was “an Indian revolutionary” a la Margaret Thatcher, who, according to economist Surjit S. Bhalla, “achieved the near-impossible by changing forever the mindset of a socialist, outdated England”.
But several economists have been disappointed by Modi’s first few days in office. They lamented that the Union budget was too much like previous ones, with few liberalisation measures except the relaxation of FDI caps in insurance and defence (from 26 to 49 per cent). But the “worst” was the Centre’s decision not to cut subsidies and to rollback the rail fare hike, a move, according to Swaminathan Anklesaria Aiyar, “so populist, dithering and spineless as to make Manmohan Singh look a lion by comparison”. Some of Modi’s supporters in the West were also surprised by the way his government stalled the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement in the name of Indian peasants’ interests (and at the expense of the standardisation of customs procedures, which was supposed to add $1 trillion to world trade). But this decision was in keeping with the speech Modi had made as early as on May 20, before the BJP parliamentary party, in which he said: “A government is one which thinks about the poor, listens to the poor and which exists for the poor”. Subsidies for the poor may be criticised as inefficient from the opposition benches, but to cut them once in office and deprive millions is another matter.
In fact, the Modi government has opted for a gradualist transformation, which can be explained by the need to protect his supporters from the corporate sector, who may not like to be exposed to competition, constraints such as mass poverty (a “detail” the election campaign conveniently overlooked), and the weak position of the BJP in the Rajya Sabha. But if it is too slow for the neoliberals, it is too radical for the trade unions. The controversy regarding the Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2014, is a case in point. If the bill is passed, the minimum number of workers to be employed for a unit to be defined as a factory could be doubled, freeing several enterprises from having to comply with the Factories Act, which relates to safety, working conditions and welfare of employees. Such a reform is intended to please Indian entrepreneurs and also, probably, attract foreign investors to “Make in India”. While this is a contentious issue, given the relatively small number of workers in the formal sector, it is not revolutionary. And neither continued…

A way out of alienationComprising 10.6 per cent of the state’s population, Muslims have never had more than 12 MLAs.
Written by Jyoti Punwani | Posted: October 27, 2014 2:08 am
Many seemingly contradictory conclusions have emerged from the recent assembly polls. Self-styled spokesmen of the Muslim community may have railed against the Congress’s continuous treatment of their community as a captive vote bank. Yet, according to the Lokniti-CSDS poll published in The Indian Express (‘Behind BJP, Upper Castes, OBCs and Rich’, October 21), 53 per cent of Muslims voted for the party. If the figures are to be believed, these “spokesmen” need to get in touch with their own community at the grassroots. Again, notwithstanding the continuing arrests of Muslims on terror charges under the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP)-controlled state home ministry, Sharad Pawar’s party got the second highest percentage of the Muslim vote: 16 per cent. Five candidates from the Congress and one from the NCP got elected.
What explains this continuing trust among almost 70 per cent of Maharashtra’s Muslims in the two parties that have ruled them for 15 years, but done little for them? Could it be the enduring legacy of Jawaharlal Nehru, seen as the architect of our secularism? Or of Indira Gandhi, still remembered by elderly Muslims as a friend of the poor, thanks to her rural welfare schemes? Could it be the fear of the Sena-BJP, which the “secular” parties, especially the oldest of them, the Congress, have always invoked to keep Muslims under their wing? For the average Muslim in Maharashtra, Narendra Modi invokes the same fear and loathing that former Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray did.
This fear was played up to the hilt during the Lok Sabha campaign, again by self-styled Muslim “leaders” (with generous Congress backing), who were alarmed at the way their youth was deserting its “secular protectors” and turning to Arvind Kejriwal’s Aam Aadmi Party in droves. But six months later, many of the same “leaders” were rooting for Modi and Uddhav Thackeray, to “teach the Congress-NCP a lesson that they can’t take us for granted”. For the first time, the BJP won 13 per cent of the Muslim vote, even more than the Shiv Sena’s 11 per cent. Even the strident “love jihad” and “Hindutva-is-India’s-identity” campaign by the BJP/ RSS in the four months of Modi’s rule at the Centre didn’t drive Maharashtra’s Muslims away completely.
Why did one-fourth of them vote for the saffron parties?
The Congress is primarily responsible. It has ruled the state since its formation in 1960, except for two brief intervals. Recurring communal riots, benevolence towards both Hindu rioters and the partisan police, and arrests, torture and prolonged imprisonment without trial of young Muslims for alleged acts of terror, have left the community seething. Indifference of and discrimination by the state, especially the bureaucracy, have led to 59 per cent of them living below the poverty line, in ghettos, lagging behind in education and employment — findings of the Mehmood-ur-Rehman Committee, continued…

China tells Nepal what to doChina has brazenly told Kathmandu that it is not happy about the presence of activists fomenting trouble in Tibet.
Written by Yubaraj Ghimire | Posted: October 27, 2014 2:12 am
China has sent a clear message to Nepal that it is keen to invest in the country but would like a secure environment for that. It has candidly prescribed some bilateral and internal arrangements. Chinese authorities recently told Nepal’s visiting Deputy Prime Minister Bamdev Gautam that a bilateral investment promotion and protection agreement (BIPPA) would encourage China to invest more, and with confidence, in Nepal.
Nepal had signed a BIPPA with India about two years ago. The least China wants is the same priority treatment from Nepal, where political instability and the prolonged transition have taken a heavy toll on development. In recent years, China has been more assertive with Nepal and has sometimes brazenly told Kathmandu that it is not happy about the presence of international activists fomenting trouble in Tibet. “They want to have an extradition treaty along with the BIPPA,” Gautam said on his return.
China is increasing its presence in Nepal, even as most Nepali citizens see very little chance of their current political leaders delivering a meaningful constitution by the January 22 deadline. Beijing is also worried that a campaign of 22 parties, led by Maoist chief Prachanda, for identity- and ethnicity-based federalism will have a direct bearing on Tibet. China has been repeatedly warning against such a federal state being endorsed during the constitution-writing process.
However, those involved in constitution-making have, till date, not discussed how the identity issue can be addressed without making it the basis of federating the state. The proponents of federalism fear that a fresh review of the issue may also reopen for debate two other crucial agendas — a republican and secular Nepal. But these issues are already being debated and a section of the Nepali Congress is set to launch a campaign for a “Hindu Nepal”.
Many political leaders, including Maoist ideologue and former PM Baburam Bhattarai, called on former king Gyanendra in hospital, where he was admitted after a heart attack. There is reliable information that representatives of other countries too have seen Gyanendra and shared their worries about Nepal’s fate. Gyanendra has displayed statesmanship, wished all parties success for the constitution-writing, while ignoring the humiliation he has been subjected to. Such conduct has made him arguably more popular than most political leaders today.
There are reports that Indian PM Narendra Modi was keen on meeting Gyanendra during his visit in August. But that might have sent a different message, since the Indian establishment treated him as persona non grata through the April 2006 transfer of power. But Modi seems to have grasped that India is being linked with the political chaos in Nepal. During the SAARC summit, Modi plans to visit to Janakpur (Sita’s birthplace), Lumbini (Buddha’s birthplace) and Jomsom, site of the Muktinath continued…

J&K Police rule out ValleylinkPrint
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:05 am
After a “thorough investigation”, the J&K Police have ruled out any Kashmir link to the blast that took place at Burdwan in West Bengal earlier this month.
“We checked thoroughly after being approached by the central agencies. There is no Kashmir link in the Burdwan blast case,’’ Director General of J&K Police K Rajindra told The Indian Express.
“The person who had made the call was also from West Bengal and has already left the Valley. No one was arrested here and the few people who had been detained for questioning have already been released,” he said.
A probe into possible Kashmir connection of the suspects in the Burdwan blast was initiated soon after agencies found out that the man who was injured in the blast had been in contact with a Kashmir phone number. Subsequently, a team of investigators from the National Investigation Agency (NIA) had rushed to Kashmir.
Sources in J&K Police revealed that the cell phone number that had come under scanner was registered to a Zulfikar with an address of Kansipora in Baramulla. “This had raised suspicion,’’ an officer privy to the investigation said. “Once we checked, we found Zulfikar is a mason from West Bengal who has been working in Baramulla for long. He had acquired the phone from that address.”
Zulfikar was picked up and taken to the Joint Interrogation Centre in Baramulla. “He (Zulfikar) told the investigators that though the SIM is in his name, it was being used by another mason namely Farooq, a resident of Nadia district. Farooq had left for home on September 25.”
The officer said that the “call and tower details” of the phone revealed that Farooq was in Kathua on September 29 and was on the way back home in West Bengal. “This was a pre-paid SIM which couldn’t work outside J&K. So there was no lead once Farooq left the state,’’ he said. “It is a fact that Farooq was in contact with the man who was injured in Burdwan. However, there is no evidence suggesting any suspicious link between Farooq and anybody on our radar in Kashmir”.
The police also picked up Zulfikar’s relative Haider Ali for questioning. “He corroborated what Zulfikar had already told us,’’ the officer said.
According to the official, Zulfikar, Haider Ali and Rabi-al-Islam were living in one room while Farooq along with Salim and Mohammad were putting up in another room. “All of them were working as masons or labourers here and had been coming to the valley regularly for work,’’ the official said. “After the flood, almost all the non-local workers left Kashmir. Only Zulfikar and Haider Ali were still here.”

NSA visits site  Mamata assuresassistanceNSA Ajit Doval (third from left) with senior officials at the Khagragarh house, where the blast occurred, in Burdwan on Monday. (Express)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:03 am
Special Secretary (Home, Internal Security) Prakash Mishra, after a one-and-half-hour long meeting with West Bengal government officials, said the Central government is treating the blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district with “utmost importance”.
The meeting between the National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and the accompanying team that included NIA director Sharad Kumar, NSG director Jayanta Narayan Chowdhury and Mishra was held at Nabanna after the team returned to Kolkata from a visit to the blast site. The team also had a brief meeting with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. The NSA visit comes 25 days after the blast.
Doval, accompanied by NSG chief Jayanta Choudhury and senior officials of NIA, also visited Monday the house of Rizaul Sheikh at Badsahi road in Burdwan from where 35 hand grenades were recovered and met Burdwan Superintendent of Police S M Meerza. The team was in Burdwan for about an hour before leaving for Kolkata.
While Doval and other officers did not meet the media, Mishra said: “We are here because the Centre has taken the matter very seriously.” He went on to add that the West Bengal Chief Minister, who had one-on-one meeting with NSA Doval, assured full cooperation in the probe.
“We went to the Khagragarh blast site. The central agencies will help the state agencies and the central government will help improve its intelligence network and infrastructure in the state, Mishra added. “The Centre and the state governments will work together to fight terror,” he said.
Asked why the NSA was in Burdwan, Mishra said, “The National Security Advisor is here because he is a senior retired police officer, capable of giving the investigation a professional touch. The investigation will be taken to a logical conclusion,” he added.
However, Trinamool Congress leaders described the visit as a “politically mandated one and to keep the issue alive for some more time. Having flown over to Kolkata and then to Khagragarh, the high-level team was trying to show that the incident was linked to issues of national security”.
Sources said Mamata was given a stern message that “acute appeasement of migrants” should be stopped and the government should begin a crackdown on such outfits.

India growth pegged at 5.6%India growth pegged at 5.6%
Hindustan Unilever net profit rises 8.13% in Q2Hindustan Unilever net profit rises 8.13% in Q2
SoftBank to invest $10bnSoftBank to invest $10bn
R Gopalakrishnan: The ascent of managementR Gopalakrishnan: The ascent of management
Strong Winds Cause Plane to Make Scary Landing in Portugalstrong winds cause plane to make scary landing in portugal
Mike Jones and Keith McMillanBeing a QB in this town is a tough, tough job.
Dec 5, 2014
Wizards guard reacts to big shot over Kobe Bryant.
Dec 4, 2014
There won’t be a more loyal Redskins fan at FedEx Field on Sunday than Chad Ryan.
Dec 4, 2014
Shep Garner will never score an easier basket.
Dec 4, 2014
Fans of The Tony Kornheiser Show are very familiar with Jerry Negrelli’s work.
Dec 4, 2014
Vienna native plays the electric guitar in catchy video, which features a cameo by RGIII.
Dec 3, 2014

Black money lid s off  3 big names revealed by govtBlack money lid s off  3 big names revealed by govt
Ecopetrol announces hydrocarbon discovery in the Gulf of Mexico (USA)Ecopetrol announces hydrocarbon discovery in the Gulf of Mexico (USA)
Burdwan blasts: NSG  NIA chiefs meet Mamata BanerjeeBurdwan blasts: NSG  NIA chiefs meet Mamata Banerjee
Bilawal Bhutto heckled at Million March for Azad KashmirUpdated: October 28, 2014 19:42 IST
Bilawal heckled at London march
Parvathi Menon
Reuters Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, , chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party.
TOPICS
demonstration
Protestors were furious with Mr. Bhutto because they saw the PPP as attempting to hijack the campaign to its political advantage.
The “Million March” organized to highlight the Jammu and Kashmir issue got off to a disruptive start when Pakistan People’s Party leader Bilawal Bhutto had to be hurriedly taken off the dais at the Trafalgar Square on Sunday when hostile crowds booed and heckled him while sending a volley of projectiles including empty plastic bottles and cans at the dais.
Organised by Sultan Mahmood Choudhry, former prime minister of Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir, the march – billed as a show of strength for the cause of an independent Kashmir – quickly revealed the political fractures in Pakistan’s polity and the brittle relations between the PPP, former cricketer Imran Khan’s Tehreek-e-Insaaf, and the Muttahida Qaumi Movement.
Most of the protestors however were Kashmiris who had come from different parts of the United Kingdom, and their fury with Mr. Bhutto was because they saw the PPP as attempting to hijack the campaign to its political advantage.
“This is about the right of self determination of the Kashmiris, and should not be used by political parties for their own ends,” a participant who had come from the Midlands said.
Though billed as a million strong march, the crowd that gathered on a Sunday evening at London’s iconic protest side was estimated at around one thousand. Waving yellow and green flags of ‘Azad Kashmir’ and holding up placards denouncing India, the overwhelmingly male crowd marched the short distance to 10 Downing Street where the All Parties Hurriyat Conference submitted a memorandum in which it urged Britain to support the demand for self-determination for the Kashmiris, citing the examples of Scotland, East Timor and South Sudan.
In her recent visit to the UK, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised India’s concerns over the march and objected to Britain allowing groups that were hostile to India-UK relations to hold such demonstrations. Britain refused to ban the march stating its commitment to the freedom of speech. However it said that the Kashmir issue was for India and Pakistan to solve without the intervention of any other country including Britain.

Delhi Confidential: Homeward-boundPrint
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:09 am
Former CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar who was appointed special security advisor, Naxal affairs, by the UPA government, has moved base to Chennai. Kumar, whose term expires in December-end, reportedly made a request to Home Minister Rajnath Singh and expressed his desire to demit office. Kumar was reportedly asked by Singh to continue till the end of his tenure and was given an option to operate from Chennai, his hometown.
Change of guard
The transition to the new leadership in BJP seems to be complete and it was visible at the party headquarters Monday. A banner with Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s smiling face superimposed on the picture of a crowd has adorned the stage in the auditorium for years. On Monday, another poster, of almost the same size, with pictures of PM Narendra Modi and party chief Amit Shah, was put in front of it, eclipsing Vajpayee’s face. The new banner has the slogan (saath aaye, desh banaye) and the message (Sashakt Bhajpa, Sashakt Bharat) coined for its membership drive. Party general secretary J P Nadda said the new poster was kept only for the campaign for membership drive.
Getting along
The West Bengal government might be at odds with Centre on almost every issue but on Monday, its representative at the meeting of National Ganga River Basin Authority extended the courtesy of accompanying Water Resources Minister Uma Bharati for a press conference. He sat by Bharati’s side as the minister claimed that all the five states through which the Ganga flows had extended full support to the Centre’s initiatives on cleaning the Ganga river. Though representatives from other four states also attended the meeting, none of them were present at the press conference. Incidentally, none of the five states — Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal — are governed by parties friendly to the BJP.
Tech that
Late to enter the social media space, the CPM seems to be trying to make up for the lost time. The CPM, which was once strongly opposed to introduction of computers arguing it would result in loss of jobs, is running campaigns on Facebook in an attempt to reach out to Young India. For a party which has perfected the art of street campaigns, this is unique. After having faced a string of electoral losses, the party’s assessment was that it had lost out in the race for the young voters. The latest campaign on Facebook, focusing on the volte-face made by the Narendra Modi government is titled “ab ki baar, U turn ki sarkar”. The CPM’s official Twitter handle has also posted the campaign link.

30 members of Bangla terror outfit active inIndiaPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:07 am
On a day when the National Security Advisor (NSA) and senior Home Ministry officials took up the Burdwan blast issue with West Bengal government, investigators said they had identified at least 30 members of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) active in India.
Of these, four, including two women, have been arrested while two were killed while fabricating IEDs in the Khagragarh house.
Sources said that so far there was no evidence of JMB’s link to terrorist outfits active in India or their affiliation to any international terror group.
“So far the investigations have not revealed about any link of JMB to any terrorist outfit based in India like the Indian Mujahideen or the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI). We also have no information about their link to similar outfits across the border,” said a senior official.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said the members of the group were spread across West Bengal, Assam and some southern states. The agency has so far conducted more than 150 raids in connection with the case.
“NIA is still piecing clues that would help it to disrupt the Bangladesh-based outfit’s network. The main accused interrogated by NIA has yet not disclosed whether the IEDs were meant for India or they were for use in Bangladesh,” said the official.
Officials said of the 30 people identified by NIA, a few were Indians but most belonged to Bangladesh.

http://usat.ly/1DTSzxgEMAIL
 
Executives at department store chain Kohl’s are scheduled to share their vision for multi-year growth Wednesday at its annual investor conference. But Wall Street was more interested in what management was saying Monday: a 1.4% drop in same store sales for the third quarter and lower-than-expected 2014 earnings.
Kohl’s KSS   crumbled 7% to $54.60 in after-hours trading after the company said October sales had been soft, with gains in children’s lines offset by declines in men’s, footwear and accessory lines. The company said women’s and home goods sales were also underperforming.
Based on sales to date, Kohl’s said diluted earnings wold be at the low end of prior guidance, which had been $4.05 to $4.45 a share.
This would be fourth-straight quarter of declining sales for Kohl’s, which operates over 1,150 stores in 49 states. Still, several investment firms had been raising price targets for the company.  In September, Citigroup’s Oliver Chen raised his $63 price target to $70, contending Kohl’s product mix and  customer loyalty program would drive sales and profit margins.  Nomura earlier raised its price target to $68, up from $62.

What Prithvi Govt didnt say: how it sat on sanction requests in 76 corruptioncasesPrint
Prithviraj Chavan
Written by Sandeep A Ashar , Gautam Sandip Mengle | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:49 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:14 am
For all the noise that former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan made before the Assembly elections about his desire to crack down on corruption, it has emerged that his government sat quietly on 76 cases of graft, mostly against its own senior officials, breaching its own deadline and delaying permission for investigators to initiate action.
The beneficiaries of this silence include former ministers such as NCP’s Chhagan Bhujbal, legislators, and IAS, IPS and IFS officials. These cases will now pose the first big challenge for the incoming BJP-led government and its anti-corruption agenda. “The new government would have to deal with these cases almost immediately,” a senior state government official told The Indian Express.
Admitting that the government should not have flouted its own norm, senior Congress leader Naseem Khan, who was a minister in the Chavan Cabinet, attributed the delay to “some technical and legal reasons”. Khan, however, admitted that the “negative peception” about the previous Congress-NCP government on issues related to corruption was a reason for its defeat in the recent elections.
According to rules formulated in February following a Supreme Court directive, when the state government is approached by its Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) for permission to proceed with an ‘open inquiry’, it needs to give the green signal within three months.
The government must follow a similar deadline when it comes to permission to prosecute and file chargesheets — and again, when the ACB seeks a review of a decision to reject permission for an investigation.
Out of these 76 cases, the ACB had sought permission to prosecute top functionaries in 44 cases; initiate open inquiries in 13 cases; and review the government’s decision not to move ahead in the remaining 19.
Consider some of the high-profile investigations that were put on hold:
The alleged role of former Public Works Department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in a construction project involving three government buildings that is under the scanner.  The state home department gave its nod for an ‘open inquiry’ last week, but a final government sanction is still awaited.
The alleged role of five IAS officials in a Rs 400 crore land deal in Mumbai.
Allegations of corruption against a former Congress minister in a Sindhudurg mining project.
Allegations of possessing assets disproportionate to income against legislators Manikrao Kokate (Congress) and Arun Jagtap (NCP).
Corruption investigation pending since 2011 against IPS officer Shashikant Shinde, who is currently DIG (Prisons).
Permission for probe, pending since April, into allegations of disproportionate assets amassed by IPS officer Ajit Patil, currently DIG (Economic Offences Wing, Pune).
Permission pending since July to probe the alleged role of IFS officer Ramanuj Choudhary in connection with irregularities in the tendering of Tendu Patta.
A senior official admitted that such delays allow many of those being probed, who hold senior posts, to remain in service and even influence the progress of the case. “A number of trials have fallen through on account of the delays,” he added.
Sources said the ACB has sent several reminders continued…

Ex-BJP MLA under scanner for a meeting before violence steppedupA lane in Trilokpuri littered with bricks and broken glass, in New Delhi on Monday. (PRAVEEN KHANNA)
Written by Ananya Bhardwaj , Prawesh Lama | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:44 am
A former BJP MLA, Sunil Vaid, has been asked to clarify his role in connection with the riots which broke out in Trilokpuri, East Delhi, last week. Police sources said their investigations revealed that Vaid held a “closed door conference” with his supporters at his office on Friday morning, just before the violence escalated.
Vaid, who lost the last assembly elections from Trilokpuri, has been asked to clarify the purpose of that meeting. Police confirmed that he may be called for questioning later. At least 17 civilians and 40 police personnel were injured in the clashes between Hindus and Muslims, which broke out on Friday and carried on till Saturday afternoon.
Vaid’s alleged role emerged after locals told the police that hundreds of his supporters attended a meeting at his office in Block 21 — one of the riot-hit areas. According to sources, Vaid’s supporters later marched out of the block shouting slogans. A PCR van reportedly noticed the mob leaving his office just before the violence escalated.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Vaid denied that he had been questioned by the police. He claimed he had called the police to complain about their inaction in connection with the incident on Thursday evening, when five youths reportedly created trouble next to the Mata ki Chowki in Block 20.
“Around 200 people came to my office on Friday morning to discuss the police inaction… They wanted the miscreants to be punished.
I called up the area ACP and asked him to come and address their grievances. It is then that we all met the ACP. While we were addressing the crowd at my office, the ACP got a call about the Mata ki Chowki being attacked by a mob. After that, all of them went to the spot to check what had happened,” said Vaid. “I am not involved in the incident. I was not even present at the spot,” he claimed.
Meanwhile, the police have arrested 44 people — 32 Muslims and 12 Hindus — and registered three FIRs in connection with the riots so far. One FIR mentions that Blocks 21-27 were the areas hit by violence. Another 14 people — seven Hindus and seven Muslims — have been arrested for making bogus calls and trying to create a scare among residents.
Among the accused, one Mohammed Irfan is a history sheeter with cases registered against him in Mayur Vihar police station. Police said further investigations are on and more arrests are expected. The police have also obtained video footage of a man firing a gun during the violence. Police said they are trying to identify the man.

Sania Mirza WTA Finalshistory...    Cached
Sania Mirza and Cara Black will look to end their doubles partnership on a high First Indian woman to reach WTA finals summit clash Indian tennis ace Sania Mirza, in ...

Man United vs ChelseaFootball-News/2013/...    Cached
Michael Carrick had mixed emotions after Manchester United's FA Cup draw with Chelsea at Old Trafford, but is confident of winning the replay at Stamford Bridge.
www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/22328145    Cached
A deflected Juan Mata strike gives Chelsea a win at Manchester United which lifts the Blues up to third in the Premier League.

NSA sees large network behind Bardhaman blastNEW DELHI, October 26, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 09:32 IST
NSA sees large network behind Bardhaman blast
Devesh K. Pandey
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval.
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Doval says New Delhi, Dhaka working jointly to fight terror
On the eve of his visit to Bardhaman in West Bengal, where two suspected members of Jamaat-ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) were killed in the October 2 bomb blast, National Security Adviser Ajit Doval said there appeared to be a large network of the banned group that the investigators were working to unravel.
Mr. Doval told The Hindu that both Indian and Bangladeshi governments were working in close coordination in the fight against terrorism. “Both the countries enjoy excellent bilateral relations and we have been working together,” he said.
The NSA said the case had serious implications and required a comprehensive investigation. Special Secretary (Internal Security) Prakash Mishra and representatives of the Research and Analysis Wing, the Intelligence Bureau and the National Investigation Agency may accompany the NSA to West Bengal. NIA Director-General Sharad Kumar had earlier visited Bardhaman and Murshidabad on October 24.
Suvojit Bagchi from Kolkata reports
NSA to visit Bardhaman site
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval is expected to visit the blast site in Bardhaman in West Bengal and meet Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday. He is also expected to meet officers of the Central agencies in Kolkata. This is the second time the NSA is coming to Kolkata since the Trinamool Congress came to power in 2011. While in 2011, the then NSA Shivshankar Menon came to discuss the issue of Teesta water-sharing with Bangladesh, Mr. Doval is coming to discuss the security situation following increased tensions after the blast in Bardhaman earlier this month and identification of 58 suspected terror modules in the border State. The NIA has said proscribed Bangladesh terror group JMB was responsible for the blasts. Terror modules in West Bengal were making explosive devices to be used in Bangladesh.

Food  culture on a platterUpdated: October 26, 2014 10:32 IST
Food, culture on a platter
VIPASHA SINHA
The Hindu Traditional spread: The eatery specilaises in a range of chicken dishes. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu Traditional spread: the eatery specilaises in a range of chicken dishes. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu Traditional spread: the eatery specilaises in a range of chicken dishes. Photo: special arrangement
TOPICS
lifestyle and leisure
Mudaliars Arcot Kitchen follows South Indian cooking techniques to draw foodies
Manjula Janakiraman had a treasure trove of recipes passed on to her by her mother-in-law. These authentic cooking formulas have been a vital part of kitchens in south India.
With these secret recipes Manjula started catering food to companies and in 2006 opened her own restaurant Mudaliars Arcot Kitchen.
“In this restaurant, we celebrate the culture of Mudaliars. We serve authentic dishes and use no artificial flavours,” says Pawan Kumar Janakiraman, Manjula’s son. Both want to carry forward his mother’s tradition.
After moving from one place to another, the restaurant has found a perfect space on Santhome High Road. “We have always been located around the Santhome area and hence our food is quite popular here.
Last year we moved to this new location and the dine-in area is under renovation to improve facilities. Right now, we are only doing door deliveries and take away food,” he says.
Their menu includes dosas, chapattis, biriyani and a range of curries. “We have a small menu. However, we focus on the quality. Chicken dishes are our speciality.
There are certain dishes that can be found only here. For instance, our Pepper Arcot Chicken is very popular.”
For details, call 9840272304/ 9884359550

Intangibles: OECD vs India ViewTweet
Published on Mon, Oct 27,2014 | 22:19, Updated at Fri, Oct 31 at 21:10Source : Moneycontrol.com |   Watch Video :
At the 68th Congress of The International Fiscal Association in Mumbai, CBC-TV18’s Payaswini Upadhyay spoke to Sanjay Puri, Director, CBDT on the OECD’s work on Transfer Pricing principle of intangibles and India’s position on it and the kinds of transactions that the Department is looking at in the intangibles space.  
Upadhyay: You were on the IFA panel with the some of the OECD members who have worked on the BEPS Action plan related to intangibles. Were you happy to see the definition that came out of the OECD and the approach towards it?  
Puri: OECD has at least attempted a definition. Whether it is good or whether it is bad, what implications it will have that time will tell. At least a beginning has been made. The term intangible has been sought to be defined by the OECD. There are couple of concerns which we expressed in the panel concerning the definition itself. But yes it is a good beginning. So far as India is concerned, we have also explained the term intangible property in our Act. In Finance Act 2012, we explained intangible property in our Act and identified dozens of intangibles which can be transacted and for transfer pricing purposes there can be taxation angle involved.  
Upadhyay: I’ll come to the domestic law in a bit. When you said that you had some concerns regarding what the OECD and how the OECD has approached to define intangibles. Could you help me understand some of those concerns?  
Puri: The definition starts with saying these are those assets which are neither financial assets nor physical assets and then they go on to say capable of being owned. Capability of ownership is a right, a law that confers right to someone to own something. Now there can be intangibles for which no right can be exercised, they cannot be protected. If I have a contract with my employee and that employee is a valuable employee, he may be doing very valuable work. Whatever he produces that will belong to the company that will belong to me. Now intangible is created but can I protect that intangible through any law; perhaps not. That’s why they have used the term capable of being owned, not owned but capable of being owned or controlled. Customer list - now this another kind of intangible which has been identified. Is it a list of customers which I have I own it but can I exercise a right that I can protect this right as an owner. Can somebody else not take it away? It is like telephone directory. These days nobody gives you telephone directories. For telecom companies, customer list is their telephone directory. Now that directory is not publicly available. It is being controlled and capable of being owned but the moment they put it in public domain it becomes everybodies property. So these are the kind of concerns which the definition has but I will say in absence of any other, this is as good a definition as it can be.
Upadhyay: Let us come to the domestic law and how the transfer pricing with regards to intangibles has developed. Could you help me understand the definition that we saw in the 2012 Finance Act- what sort of problems is that likely to create?  
Puri: I will not say that it will create some problems; I will say that it has brought more certainty to the law. Now the tax payers are aware what all can be treated as an intangible. It is a long list. Is it not better that we have a long list and leave something for something else also. As I said the last expression is any similar item of same nature of having commercial right. So it is a long list that gives tax payer the idea that if these things happen in your company, in your transactions, first of all we will treat it as a transaction and then we will go on to see whether transfer pricing rules apply.
Upadhyay: You also made the point that there could be transactions that may emerge out of transfer of these intangibles. The tax payer may transfer inadvertently and may not even realize it and then have the tax department tell them that you transferred an intangible and we will impute a demand on it.  
Puri: That is precisely the reason why the law has been made more clear that these are the transactions which will be treated – these are the happenings which may be treated as transactions. In the matters of intangibles, you must understand that it is a 3-4 step process. First of all we have to indentify the intangible, which intangible are we talking about? Secondly who owns the intangible. Thirdly whether there is a transaction involving intangible. These steps have been outlined in the law itself. Finally whether that transaction involves income arising in India and lastly we go to the transfer pricing valuation part of that particular intangible. These steps are to be followed only then we will be able to reach some kind of numerical solutions otherwise we will be simply talking words and no number will appear which can be taxed.
Upadhyay: Within the intangible space, some of the headline grabbing demands have been on corporate guarantees, on marketing intangibles, on location savings. How does the Department view or what the departments view has been on these sit with what the OECD is proposing?
Puri: On location savings, OECDs view is that it is not an intangible. It is a market condition. It can be part of comparability analysis. UN manual also which came last year - that also spoke about the same thing. It also included location saving in comparability chapter. The major difference between OECD and our approach is that, I will include China also, is that OECD says locational advantages cannot be owned by anybody. So, there can be no extra profit that can be attributed to a firm which is based in some low cost jurisdiction. The profit which can be given to them should be based on arms length principle only. India and China's approach which has been specifically outlined in UN manual also in a country specific Chapter- we are saying that whenever two unrelated parties will transact, one party in low cost jurisdiction and another party in high cost jurisdiction- they are unrelated to each other- when they will have a transaction, the low cost jurisdiction party will always have it in mind that this transaction is resulting in substantial saving to other party and they will bargain for more profit. That is all we are saying that this extra profit should also be attributed when related parties are transacting.
There is an example given in UN manual by China. It is an excellent example. It simplifies the things. India's stand is no different. India has not numerically identified the numbers but they have said the same thing. Location saving can be zero, can be substantial and that location saving the number should be something in between. You can't say that there will be no extra profit that can be attributed to a firm in low cost jurisdiction and at the same time it cannot be more than the total savings. So, the number has to be somewhere in between.
Upadhyay: The tax department lost round one on location saving so far and probably we will see more clarity..(Interrupted by guest)
Puri: Yes, in one of the cases the Delhi Tribunal, I forgot which tribunal it was, they have held that location saving is passed on to the ultimate customer. I think that they were more guided by the OECDs discussion draft than our own position in UN manual which came later.
Upadhyay: So, we will see what shapes up in the higher courts then. On marketing intangibles where do you think OECD stands versus what the department is saying?  
Puri: OECD’s earlier manual in their Chapter VI which they are revising completely they had identified trade intangibles and market intangibles separately. They had delineated these two types of intangibles. Trade intangibles are the ones like patents, know-how, secret processes, trade secrets - they are trade intangibles. Marketing intangibles would be brand trademarks and things like that. Goodwill is separate anyway. So they were delineated. Our stance till now also has been we see them differently because trade intangibles take time, money and energy in getting created, whereas marketing intangible creation is simple maintaining, enhancing is expensive. The value marketing intangible gets is from ad spend, the product itself and it takes longer time to gain in value. They were being treated differently. In the latest discussion draft which will become Chapter VI of OECD manual, OECD is saying we will not delineate intangibles in this manner. They have listed out a couple of intangibles, they have left sufficient space through their definition for other kind of intangibles, they have created a negative list of two or three types of location savings they say it is not intangible. So a negative list has been created. They are not delineating them as trade intangible, soft intangible, hard intangibles, routine intangibles, non-routine intangibles - they have specifically said that we are not doing it.
Upadhyay: How much of this stance or the approach that OECD is taking and what comes out of it do you think will weigh on the courts in India?
Puri: The courts do take OECD’s work very seriously and they should. OECD has done quite a good work in the field of taxation and even the UN manual which has come out it says in its foreword itself that it seeks to achieve consistency with OECD work. So, it is not that we are working at some kind of cross purpose.
Upadhyay: But on some of the areas that you mentioned where the department seems to have a different approach from what the OECD thins- if that comes before a court of law and the court of law is giving that much weightage to the OECD or the UN work, where does it leave the tax department’s point of view?
Puri: Tax department has a view. In our country, courts and government are two different entities. The department can have a view and courts may not agree and that is what has happened in location savings case which we were fighting. We had a view, we took a view before the court, court saw a couple of other arguments which appealed to them more and they decided accordingly.
Upadhyay: On IP -OECDs work is in progress on that front; on transfer of intellectual property, what is the Department’s view?
Puri: It is still work in progress. A lot of shaded portions are there in their discussion drafts which are still to be agreed. Next - as that representative from OECD was telling us- that they expect to complete it next year some time.
Upadhyay: On valuation of intangibles, could you help me understand where the OECD work is going and what is the department’s approach?  
Puri: On valuation of intangibles, OECD at some point has talked about Discounted Cash Flow method but they have put a question mark also in front of that. Business people are comfortable and accountants are also comfortable with discounted cash flow method. I have no problem with this method of valuing any intangible. That is not a problem. It is a good starting point. You have some figure, you have some number to begin with. The only problem as a tax authority I see is that these numbers are based upon the method which uses the numbers. These numbers are based upon estimates and forecasts of the tax payer himself or he gets another valuation company, pays to that valuation company which uses this method using their own forecast and estimates to come to a particular number. It can be self serving sometimes and that is the concern which any tax authority, not only Indian tax authority, any tax authority in the world will have that kind of a concern.
Upadhyay: Which brings us to if not DCF, then what; profit split?
Puri: That is what we have expressed our preference for. In the manual we have expressed our preference for profit split. Profit split has its own problems. We have not reached that stage where we start valuing these intangibles. We start using profit split method; it will take some time for our tax administration to reach that stage. As I said, first we have to identify the intangible. That identification, then transaction all these steps are to be followed. Jumping straight to valuation, holding out some kind of a judgment on that probably will not be the right thing.
Upadhyay: The industry then tells me that if the department is going to use profit split, then would you give me credit when there is a loss?  
Puri: For the sake of consistency why not? That is what ourpoint is that whatever method is employed to determine income has to be consistent - that is what Section 145 says. So whatever method we will employ to determine income of the taxpayer that will remain consistent. The department has to remain consistent. If the department doesn’t remain consistent, courts will force them to be consistent.
Upadhyay: In the area of intangibles what is the new set of transactions, new set of disputes you anticipate that might come forth in the next couple of years?  
Puri: One you have already seen in case of company, which was having massive ad spend and the department sought to attribute some income or rather wanted some income to be imputed on that company because we felt that they are enhancing the intangible for their parent company; so that is one case which is presently being argued in the High Court.
Upadhyay: For the reference of our viewers, I will say the name, it is the LG Case.  
Puri: Yes, I suppose that is the one. Let me just think aloud in the sense that couple of new intangibles which have been identified, the employee contract is one of the intangible that has been identified. Union contracts, they have been identified as intangibles. For employee contract, if I give you an example, if I am a company in India and I have a very important key employee with a lot of expertise in a particular field and I open a subsidiary in some country- in Africa- and I depute this person to that company, have I passed some intangible to that subsidiary of mine? Yes. Would I have done the same thing to an unrelated party? Maybe yes, I would have but then I would have charged something. So that is the kind of transaction which I am now looking at. As a tax authority, I will be looking at your transfer posting orders also.
Upadhyay: What are the some of the challenges that the department faces because this is also a new area of law for the tax department to deal with?  
Puri: As I said, following those steps - the first step of identification itself is a big challenge. How do I find that some intangible property has actually been transferred? First thing is - a company is owning a list of customers in India- that customer list is passed on to another country; another company in the same group. Now how do I come to know of it that is a first challenge.
Once I have identified this customer list is an intangible property, next is whether the transaction has taken place. If the transaction has taken place, what will be the valuation of that transaction, whether the income arises as a result of that transaction. So all these questions are going to be answered in the coming days. I will say they are very difficult questions, not easy to answer.
More Stories

Guest post: 5 steps to kick-start BrazilSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Emotional Intelligence: Cult or Competitive Advantagereddit
A few weeks ago, a headline caught my eye on LinkedIn. Judging by the numerous comments and rebuttal responses, I wasn't alone.
Clearly crafted to raise eyebrows (and clicks), it proclaimed, " Emotional Intelligence is Overrated. " After tucking away my initial skepticism and lowering my raised eyebrow, I read through the article to investigate author Adam Grant's points. After all, I respect Grant and his work.
The article tells a cautionary tale of a CEO who puts a good deal of faith in the importance of emotional intelligence, only to be "proven" wrong not once, but twice, by Grant and his team who conducted experiments with "hundreds of salespeople."
We're meant to see this story as proof positive that corporate leaders are better off assessing cognitive abilities and relegating the assessment of emotional intelligence (EI) to the touchy-feely fields where "you have to deal with emotions every day, like sales, real estate, and counseling."
Three paragraphs in, Grant rather provocatively describes anyone who believes in the validity of EI as belonging to a "cult." Not exactly the dispassionate stance of someone conducting unbiased research, but it is effective at spurring further reading and debate.
I understand where Grant and I ( and others like me ) diverge in our understandings of EI: measurement and application.
How do we measure EI?
Grant's article seems to imply that measuring emotional intelligence is standardized and agreed upon by experts. It is not.
As other experts like Dr. Kenneth M. Nowack have explained, there are multiple recognized measurements of emotional intelligence and all but one type are backed by comprehensive studies that confirm their validity as important factors in professional success.
According to Daniel Goleman's rebuttal :
"A telling study looked at all the data on these three different varieties of emotional intelligence as predictors of job performance . It found that if you used measures of emotional intelligence from the second or third categories, you can measure how EQ enhances performance -- but not if you used the measure cited in Grant's article."
Grant's chosen assessment, which measures one's ability to correctly identify emotions largely by looking at photos of human faces, is designed to measure how well a person can understand, read, and interpret emotions. But it does not assess social fluency (how well an individual acts on that ability or applies that intelligence).
So it's not surprising that when you look at a test that doesn't measure the application of emotional intelligence, you're not going to find a positive impact on career or corporate goals.
After all, a toddler may have the ability to recognize and correctly interpret emotions, but that certainly won't stop him from throwing a temper tantrum. He lacks the necessary emotional regulation. And we all recognize that grown-up equivalents of temper tantrums have a negative impact in the workplace, and in our lives overall.
The reason so many people believe in the validity of EI has nothing to do with being members of a cult, and everything to do with common sense and observation in the real world. Sure, data can sometimes overturn the apple cart of "common sense," but in this case, the other methods of EI measurement are absolutely correlated with greater success in both professional and personal spheres.
These studies bear out what our own common sense (and the CEO in Grant's example) tells us is true: Emotional intelligence matters deeply.
Let's talk terms.
In an effort to focus on the characteristics and behaviors that will and do lead to improved professional outcomes, let's discuss other terms that may be more effective: terms like applied self-awareness, social fluency, and behavioral intelligence.
The difference between these phrases and the harder-to-pin-down "emotional intelligence" is that they involve action, rather than a passive state of being. These terms describe someone who not only possesses emotional intelligence, but knows when, how, with whom, and to what degree to apply it.
Picture the C-level executive who knows exactly how to communicate criticism to team members in a way that motivates them, rather than crushing them. Or the normally animated and enthusiastic leader who suddenly gets quiet in order to convey the gravity of an event. Think of the high potential who remains poised, calm, and in control when challenged in a meeting.  Or the CPA who has a larger and more stable client base than her peers because she knows how to deliver bad news without creating alarm.
These skills are not only important to a small, select slice of fields and people. They are the skills that benefit anyone, in any arena. Think of the ability to write well. It may not be the first skill you think of when you think of science, but anyone in the scientific community will tell you that the ability to write well will set a scientist apart from equally intelligent scientists who are poor writers.
Similarly, you may not need to improve your behavioral intelligence to get by professionally... but is "getting by" really your goal?
In my work, I've found so many people for whom intelligence and ability were never the problem. These people have excelled in many ways, have laundry lists of achievements, and yet something is holding them back. They've stalled. They find themselves sitting at "good enough" -- but it's not good enough for them.
Behavioral intelligence, social fluency, the ability to apply emotional intelligence -- these are the teachable skills that can launch people into greater professional and personal success.
As Nowak cleverly concludes in his article: "it's not how smart you really are that matters in terms of work and life success, but how you are smart."
Follow Sara Canaday on Twitter: www.twitter.com/saracanaday
More:

Orland limits part-time hours to avoid health care requirements0
To pick up the slack, the proposed 2015 budget calls for three or four new part-time positions in the Recreation and Parks Department and some additional hours for part-time community service officers, who assist the Police Department's patrol officers with tasks including traffic control and enforcing parking and village ordinance violations, he said.
A February Congressional Budget Office report on the Affordable Care Act's effect on the labor market said to expect the total number of hours worked in the U.S. to decline after its full implementation, but said the reduction would primarily come from workers choosing to work less, not employers cutting jobs.
Dan Black, a professor at the University of Chicago's Harris School of Public Policy who studies labor economics, said it's too soon to say whether the changes Orland Park is making are happening on a wider scale.
For positions where employees are easy to find and little training is required, avoiding health care costs by relying on more part-time workers may be a smart business move, Black said. But if suitable candidates are tough to find or training is long or costly, particularly for higher-paid roles, employers may decide it's better to pay for one employee with benefits than two without, he said.
"When any one employer does this, it's in the news, but how it plays out in the market as a whole is up in the air," Black said.

Orland Park moving to new water meter system in November0
But to take full advantage of the system, Orland Park will also need to replace the transmitters on every water meter in the village with newer devices that are compatible with the antenna system, Ingram said at a Wednesday budget hearing.
Until all transmitters are upgraded, village staff will need to use two meter-reading systems: the antenna network and drive-by readings.
About 3,000 water meters have already been equipped with the new, SmartPoint transmitters, which can store hourly water meter readings for seven to ten days and may be able to identify leaks, Ingram said.
Buying enough SmartPoint transmitters for all remaining water meters in the village — about 21,000 devices — would cost slightly more than $2.5 million, according a cost breakdown presented at the budget hearing.
What has not yet been decided is how quickly the village will replace the existing transmitters with the new SmartPoint devices.
Ingram told trustees at the budget hearing he recommends letting village staff install all devices over four years at a total cost of about $3.6 million — slightly less than it would cost to hire an outside vendor — and requested $633,000 be included in the 2015 budget to purchase next year's supply.
A single village employee can replace 20 meters per day, or about 5,000 per year, he said.
Trustee Jim Dodge had previously encouraged village staff to consider paying for a contractor to speed up installation so the village can end drive-by meter readings sooner, but Finance Director Annmarie Mampe said there are also drawbacks to moving too quickly.
If installed all at once, it would be difficult to spread out the cost of replacing them, she said. "Not doing it so quickly also lets us work out the kinks," she said.

Japan s SoftBank plans to invest $10 billion in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Japan's SoftBank to invest $10 billion in India
ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 03.26AM IST
Tags:
Masayoshi Son
(Softbank -- one of the…)
NEW DELHI: SoftBank plans to invest more than $10 billion in India over the next few years, the government said, after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad separately met the Japanese telecom and internet giant's chairman Masayoshi Son on Monday.
Son pegged India as the company's top priority. In his meeting with Prasad, Son highlighted the company's bullish outlook for India's e-commerce sector, but requested the minister to iron out various spectrum-related issues and develop a robust mobile infrastructure, the communications and IT ministry said in a statement. The minister has "assured him that the government is working hard to sort out the issues", the statement said.
Son may have been referring to criticism that not enough spectrum is made available to operators in India which crimps business expansion plans, experts said. Son though was upbeat on India. "He (Son) placed it on record that India is the top-most priority for SoftBank," the release said, add ing that he expects the e-commerce industry to grow into a half-a-trillion dollar business in India within the next 10 years.
With a market cap of $92 billion, SoftBank is one of the biggest telecom and internet groups in Japan with operations in broadband, fixed line telecom, e-commerce, finance, media and marketing.
Son, Japan's richest businessman and ranked 45th in the Forbes list of the world's most powerful persons, is slated to meet some companies seeking funding on his two-day visit to India, which started on Monday. He is also widely expected to announce a $650-million investment into e-commerce player Snapdeal for a stake of more than 30%.
SoftBank is reported to be in advanced funding talks with mobile commerce company Paytm for an infusion of around $300 million while it is also expected to announce a $210-million investment in cab rental startup Olacabs shortly. It's already an investor in India and has put $200 million into mobile advertising firm InMobi in 2011. It has also formed a joint venture with Sunil Mittal-founded Bharti Airtel — Bharti SoftBank — which invests in mobile technology companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tatas leave Singur behind  assure Mamata of expansion | To speed up Vietnam power projTata Group leaves Singur behind, assures Mamata Banerjee of project expansion
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.09AM IST
Tags:
Mamata Banerjee
(Leaving the ghost of Singur…)
KOLKATA: Leaving the ghost of Singur behind, various companies of the Tata Group today said they would expand many of their existing projects in the state.
Senior executives of the Tata group companies today held a meeting with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and informed her about their plan to expand existing projects.
Asked about the 'bitter experience' of shifting of the Tata Nano car plant from Singur in 2008, Rana Sinha, one of the executives, said, "Forget the issue of the past and target the future."
In September 2008 during the previous Left Front regime, the Tatas left Singur in West Bengal and set up Tata Nano car plant at Sanand in Gujarat following an agitation by the then opposition Trinamool Congress' leader Mamata Banerjee over 'forceful' acquisition of land in the area. A case regarding this is now pending in the Supreme Court.
Singur issue was not in the agenda of the meeting, Tata Steel Processing and Distribution Ltd MD Sandipan Chakraborty said.
Chakraborty said Banerjee asked them if they were facing any problem and how the state government could assist them to overcome them.
"Such an interaction with the CM is unprecedented. The meeting was positive, optimistic and fruitful," Chakraborty, former MD of Tata Ryerson , said.
After the 90-minute long meeting, state Finance and Industry Minister Amit Mitra told reporters that Tata Group was keen on expanding many of their existing projects in the state creating more employment opportunities.
Five companies of the Tata Group have told the chief minister about their plan to invest and expand in existing projects, said Mitra who was also present at the meeting.
The Tata Group have offered employment to nearly 30,000 people in the state under various projects and they would offer more employment in near future, Mitra added.
Tatas were represented in the meeting by executives of Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery , Tata Metaliks, metaljunction and TM International Logistics (TMILL).
Though no Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) executive was present at the meeting, Mitra said TCS CEO and MD N Chandrasekaran wrote to him about its expansion plan.
Under TCS' new project at the 40 acres of land given at Rajarhat New Town, the company would create an employment opportunity for 20,000 people, Mitra said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money lids off  3 big names revealed by govtBlack money lids off  3 big names revealed by govt
ING Comfortably Passes AQR And Stress TestING Comfortably Passes AQR And Stress Test
Air Canada announces that its shares will trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under a single tickerAir Canada announces that its shares will trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under a single ticker
Wipro cracks 2% after a disappointing Q2 showYou are here: Home > Collections > Expectation
Wipro slips for second session after Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 27, 2014, 10.01AM IST
(The company sees Q3 IT services…)
MUMBAI: IT major Wipro declined for second straight session after its second quarter results were below street expectations. After correcting 4 per cent on muhurat trading session, the stock slipped over 2 per cent in early trade.
The company reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 2,085 crore during July-September quarter, down 0.9 per cent, against Rs 2,103.2 crore in previous quarter.
"Wipro reported weaker than expected performance for Q2FY15, with revenue and margin missing the expectation. Moreover, the guidance was softer than PLe/Consensus expectation," said Prabhudas Lilladher report.
Sales in during the quarter increased to Rs 11,816 crore, up 12.4 per cent, from Rs 10,508.3 crore, QoQ.
The company sees Q3 IT services revenues at $1,808-1,842 million. Q2 EBIT margins stood at 22 per cent vs 22.8 per cent, QoQ.
The management is still confident of improving growth momentum in H2FY15 on the back of large deal wins.
"We assign high probability to H2 FY15 being materially better than H1 FY15 in terms of overall absolute profitability. Uncertainty around growth trajectory has precluded company's valuation from re-rating and therefore stock has been a relative underperformer," said IIFL report.
"So another good thing is that valuation is quite inexpensive at 12.9x FY17 P/E. We upgrade our rating on Wipro to Buy with a higher 9-12 month target price of Rs 652," the report added.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 554.85, down 1.05 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 557.95 and a low of Rs 548 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF cracks over 9%; Vadra deal to be probedAnil Vij
(Senior cabinet minister…)
MUMBAI: Shares of realty giant DLF slumped over 8 per cent today, wiping-out Rs 1,674.7 crore from its market value, on concerns that the company may face probe by the new government in Haryana.
DLF's scrip plunged 7.84 per cent to settle at Rs 110.50 on the BSE. During the day, it tumbled 9 per cent to Rs 109.10.
At the NSE, it slumped 8.30 per cent to close the day at Rs 110.
Led by the dip in the stock, the company's market value fell by Rs 1,674.7 crore to Rs 19,690.30 crore.
The fall in DLF shares, to as low as Rs 109.10 in intra-day trade at the BSE, follows a major plunge of 28 per cent in a single day earlier this month after a Sebi order barred the company and six others from accessing the capital markets for three years.
The Sebi order has been challenged by DLF before the Securities Appellate Tribunal which would next hear the case on October 30.
While the stock had recovered some lost ground last week after being hit by Sebi order, it fell further today after reports suggested that it may face probe in Haryana.
Hours after taking oath, two new ministers in Haryana yesterday said the BJP government would order a thorough probe into the alleged land scams and not spare anyone, even Robert Vadra or former Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .
DLF has a significant presence in Haryana and is credited with creation of India's largest township set up by a private player in Gurgaon on the outskirts of the national capital.
Notably, BJP and other parties had in the run up to the assembly polls attacked the previous Hooda government over the Robert Vadra land deal.
There have been reports about alleged irregularities in land dealings between Robert Vadra and DLF.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi while campaigning for BJP in Haryana had also kept the alleged land scams in the state at the centre of his attack.
The new ministers' remarks, however, drew sharp reactions from the Congress, which said that such statements show the arrogance of Haryana government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street closes flat as weak oil drag on stocksWall Street closes flat as weak oil drag on stocks
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 02.25AM IST
0
Share More
MSCI's all-country world equity index was down 0.13%. The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares closed down 0.59%, erasing early gains.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Global equity markets slipped on Monday, hit by weak German business sentiment and another decline in oil, while Brazil slumped after incumbent Dilma Rousseff narrowly won a second term over an opponent seen as more pro-business.
Major indexes on Wall Street ended mixed. The benchmark S&P 500 closed slightly lower after last week's big gains, hurt by another drop in energy shares as oil neared a four-year low. Disappointing data showing the pace of growth in the US services sector slowed in October to a six-month low also sapped buying sentiment.
Government bond yields were lower after the business climate index in Germany, the Euro zone's largest economy, fell to its lowest level in almost two years.
"The global markets are pretty much reflecting what's going on in the overall economy," said Bernard Baumohl, managing director and chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group in Princeton, New Jersey. "Europe is the epicenter of global weakness and Germany happens to be ground zero."
Brent crude oil futures pared early losses but were down 0.81 per cent at $85.43 a barrel, after Goldman Sachs cut its price forecasts. US crude oil fell 0.4 per cent to $80.71 a barrel, after hitting a low of $79.44 as signs of rising global supply threatened deeper price losses.
MSCI's all-country world equity index was down 0.13 per cent. The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares closed down 0.59 per cent, erasing early gains.
US 10-year Treasury notes inched up 4/32 in price to yield 2.259 per cent. Germany's 10-year note yield fell to 0.869 per cent.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, fell 0.21 per cent to 85.55.
Brazil suffered big losses after Rousseff defeated Aecio Neves this weekend. Brazilian stocks plunged 2.6 per cent to seven-month lows, with state-run oil company Petrobras down 12.3 per cent, and banks' shares off 4 to 6 per cent.
Brazilian 5-year credit default swaps rose 10 basis points and bond yields rose as investors attempted to protect against further losses.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 12.53 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 16,817.94, the S&P 500 lost 2.95 points, or 0.15 per cent, to 1,961.63 and the Nasdaq Composite added 2.22 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 4,485.93.
On the upside, Europe's bank stress tests beat market expectations, with only one in five of the region's top lenders failing at the end of last year, and many have since repaired their finances, results released on Sunday showed.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US oil recovers from dip below $80 on short-coveringYou are here: Home > Collections
US oil recovers from dip below $80 on short-covering
Oct 28, 2014, 02.18AM IST
(US crude for December dropped…)
US oil prices rebounded after tumbling to a 28-month low below $80 per barrel on Monday as short-covering helped offset earlier losses triggered by Goldman Sachs slashing its price forecasts.
Citing rising production and insufficient demand, Goldman Sachs cut its forecast for Brent to $85 a barrel from $100 for the first quarter of 2015 and reduced its projection for US crude to $75 from $90.
The resulting slide in both Brent and US crude triggered a flurry of short-covering that stemmed losses, as market players who had correctly bet on oil prices falling closed some of their positions.
Weaker-than-expected US pending home sales data at mid-morning also sent the dollar index lower, pepping up dollar-denominated commodity markets across the board.
US crude for December dropped to $79.44 per barrel, its lowest level since June 2012, before recovering to settle down 1 cent on the day at $81.00 per barrel.
Brent for December fell to a low of $84.55 before paring losses to settle down 30 cents on the day at $85.83 per barrel.
The spread between international Brent crude and US crude narrowed to $4.83 per barrel.
"The main driver today has been the Goldman Sachs report, we are obviously in a down market for Brent and WTI (West Texas Intermediate)," said Tariq Zahir, a managing member at Tyche Capital Advisors.
"However, we have technically been a bit oversold so these little rebounds can be quite violent," he added.
John Saucer, vice president of research and analysis at Mobius Risk Group in Houston said there were signs US crude might be starting to stabilise after falling more than 25 per cent since June.
"Certainly the market can push lower but it's going to need fresh impetus because we have already discounted into this market weak global growth, lower demand, a strong dollar and OPEC and Saudi Arabia's views (on supply)," he said.
The 12-member Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries cartel meets on Nov. 27 to consider adjusting its output target of 30 million barrels per day for the first half of 2015. So far only a minority of members have called for an output cut.
Saudi Arabia, the largest producer, has previously sent signals it is comfortable with lower oil prices and willing to maintain high supply levels to compete for market share.
A senior Iranian oil official said on Monday OPEC was unlikely to reduce its production ceiling when it meets in November, according to Shana, Iran's oil ministry news agency.
WEAK DEMAND
Concerns about weak global demand and booming supply continued to overshadow the market.
The Ifo, a key index of German business sentiment fell to its lowest level in two years on Monday, adding to concerns about weak demand and the risk Europe could slip into recession.
In the United States, for the first time since January, crude futures look poised to flip into contango, a structure in which prompt prices are below longer-dated contracts, typically signalling a weaker market.
Global oil supply remains high despite disruption in producers such as Iraq and Libya.
Yemen resumed exports from its main oil pipeline on Saturday, a day after an attack by tribesmen temporarily halted flows, industry sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to accept Vietnamese oil blocks in South China SeaIndia to accept additional oil blocks in South China Sea
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.45AM IST
Tags:
China
(According to sources, India…)
NEW DELHI: In a move that is likely to irk China, India and Vietnam will sign an agreement here tomorrow for oil exploration in South China Sea with the visiting Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung declaring that Indian ships would be allowed into the area despite Chinese protestations.
According to sources, India has decided to accept 2-3 Vietnamese oil blocks in the South China Sea based on the techno-commercial feasibility report by the ONGC Videsh Limited and an agreement in this regard would be inked tomorrow after the talks.
In addition to the current three oil blocks, Vietnam had offered India five oil blocks and the ONGC Videsh Limited was looking at them in terms of their feasibility.
Recently, Vietnam had renewed India's lease of two oil blocks in the South China Sea for another year.
China and Vietnam have an acrimonious relationship due to their standoff over the South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons. China has been objecting to India's oil exploration projects in the disputed waters.
Meanwhile, ahead of his talks with Modi, the Vietnamese Prime Minister pitched for India's "active support" to peacefully resolve all disputes and sought its greater linkages across the region.
During an interview with PTI, he said "Vietnam supports India to increase multi-dimensional linkages with South East Asia. For the purpose of friendship and exchange, we have and will continue to allow ships from other countries, including India, to visit ChinaChina.
"Vietnam hopes that India, with its increasingly important role, will make positive and responsible contributions to the maintenance of peace and stability and the region and the world," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Space Station Supply Launch Called off in VirginiaThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Uruguay s ruling party dominates presidential raceUruguay s ruling party dominates presidential race
Black money: Meet the three account holdersBlack money: Meet the three account holders
Insurers need to enhance potential to think differentlyInsurers need to enhance potential to think differently
Eurozone banks: Deflation scenario missing from European Central Bank stress testsEurozone banks: Deflation scenario missing from European Central Bank stress tests
US accuses Japan of risking trade pactUS accuses Japan of jeopardising trade pact
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a9c5dc2-504b-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China property  mind the gaps© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3bbd5c76-52a6-11e4-9221-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Harder push for trade dealsOctober 10, 2014 12:03 pm
Harder push for trade deals needed to spur global growth
By Michael Froman
The importance of trade at a time of subpar GDP is made clear in the US, writes Michael Froman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52ec0b78-4fd5-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Widodo cabinet vetoed by anti-graft panel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f124c60-5a6c-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Widodo shows caution in cabinet picksJoko Widodo shows caution in choice of new Indonesian cabinet
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42932124-5d10-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brain training fired up by hard evidence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6028b80-3385-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China set to invest 105bn in UK by 2025October 27, 2014 12:02 am
China set to invest £105bn in UK infrastructure by 2025
Gill Plimmer in London and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/501808f6-5b89-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapores UOB in futures push to DubaiSingapore’s United Overseas Bank targets Dubai in futures push
Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2b099d6-545d-11e4-84c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan embraces future of robot carers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdb0dbe8-292b-11e4-8b81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Silicon Valley joins quest to cure ageing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/041e8e66-5503-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five ministers to watch in Widodo cabinetFive ministers to watch in Widodo cabinet
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3411ef6-5d9f-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Concern over debt position of Asean companies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7dbd6b0-4853-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai tycoon back on acquisition trailThai tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi back on acquisition trail
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e95f9f8-2d8f-11e4-aca0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JSPL slips 8% as CBI investigates Vadra dealYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
JSPL slips nearly 6% as CBI launches probe for mining in Saranda forests
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 27, 2014, 11.36AM IST
(JSPL said it would respond…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel & Power Ltd (JSPL) slipped nearly as much as 5.6 per cent in trade on Monday, after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has begun a probe into how Congress leader Naveen Jindal's company got permission from the environment ministry under Jayanti Natarajan in 2013 to mine iron ore in Asia's largest sal forest in the Naxal-affected Saranda area of Jharkhand.
At 09:20 a.m.; JSPL was trading 4.2 per cent lower at Rs 158.75. It hit a low of Rs 156.35 and a high of Rs 160.10 in trade today.
However, JSPL in a statement mailed to IANS, said it would respond to the CBI's preliminary enquiry (PE) registered Friday over the company's alleged diversion of forest land.
Responding to an ET query a JSPL spokesperson said "we have only come to know of the preliminary enquiry through media reports."
"JSPL reiterates that we have always co-operated with the investigative agencies and will respond when we receive these queries from the investigative authorities," added the report.
Sources told ET the JSPL project in the Saranda forests was taken up for discussion in the Cabinet Committee on Investments and cleared in May 2013.
The project was cleared by the CCI, the sources maintained. CBI sources said the Forest Advisory Committee in 2011 had considered JSPL's mining project but noted that the forest of Saranda is part of the core area of the Singhbhum reserve, one of the finest habitats for elephants, added the ET report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinas Agile secures loan extensionLoan extension for Agile highlights China’s property woes
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90be10d4-5d8d-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thailands Charoen turns from booze to teaThai tycoon Charoen turns focus from cheap spirits to tea
Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17ae2cf4-58da-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Glendale to launch retail sales of high-end green teaGlendale to launch retail sales of high-end green tea
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Oct 24:  
Glendale Estate is set to launch the retail sale of its high end – Authentic Green Tea. The company is planning to launch the green tea on October 30 at Taj Coromandel in Chennai.
K Gopalkrishnan, Executive Director, SGP Exim Pvt Ltd and Director of Glenworth Estate and Waterfall Estate told Business Line that the product has not been launched anywhere else till date. The company is looking to tie up with hospitals and large institutions to market its green tea.
Stating that the green tea from the estate is flavoured with naturally blooming jasmine, Mr Gopalkrishnan said “we call it authentic green tea because the liquor is very light, light greenish yellow in colour, pleasant to taste without the bitter taste of regular green teas. This tea can be brewed three times,” he added.
Apart from the green tea, the company is planning to introduce more variants of high end teas in black, green and Oolong tea categories in the retail market, the Director said.
The estate, located at an altitude of 1650 metres to 2120 metres above Mean Sea Level (MSL) is managed by Glenworth Estate, a closely held company.
Glendale Estate comprises of three gardens constituting a total planted area of 525 hectares, with yield levels exceeding 3000 kg of made tea per hectare.
“Glendale produces about 2 million kg of tea of which about 2 lakh kg is in the form of green tea. One-eighth of green tea produced is in the speciality category and it is this speciality tea that we are proposing to launch. The teas would be packed in 50 gm packs and sold at an MRP of Rs 395 per pack,” he said.
The factory is one among those producing Orthodox black tea, green tea and speciality teas in South India.
“We have been primarily catering the niche markets covering the US, UK, Russia, Poland, Germany, Japan, China, Taiwan and many more,” Mr Gopalkrishnan said.
The Executive Vice Chairperson of Apollo Hospitals Preetha Reddy is expected to launch the product, while the Executive Director of Tea Board, Coonoor R Ambalavanan is to inaugurate the function slated for October 30 at Taj Coromandel in Chennai.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Abes cabinet rocked by new scandalAbe’s cabinet rocked by new scandal
Demetri Sevastopulo in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc2a6350-5dc0-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pacific Rim ministers positive after talksPacific Rim ministers positive after trade talks
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d0525fa-5da6-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HS2 hailed catalyst for northern growthHS2 hailed a ‘catalyst’ for northern growth and other rail links
Chris Tighe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a27b076-5d30-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Businesses choose sides in airport battleBusinesses in UK regions choose sides in London airport battle
Peggy Hollinger and Chris Tighe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa889f0c-5bb2-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kim finds mission in Ebola crisisJim Yong Kim finds mission in Ebola crisis
Shawn Donnan – World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/abf34942-5cf6-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No change in Centres stand  says JaitleyNo change in Centre’s stand, says Jaitley
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 27:  
Refuting allegations of a ‘u-turn’ by the Centre in revealing some names the black money case, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said: “We will disclose names of only those against whom we have prosecutable evidence.”
He was speaking on Monday after the Government filed an additional affidavit disclosing eight names against whom prosecution has been initiated.
Jaitley reiterated that the Government will make public the names of only those account holders against whom charges have been filed in a court.
This is in line with the stand taken by the Centre on October 17. The stated position of the Government has been that that every account in any foreign bank cannot be termed ‘illegal’.
On October 17, Jaitley had said the Centre would go by the law, as “we are bound by treaties”.
Last week, the Centre had asked the court to clarify if the right to privacy is an integral part of right of life, and hence could information received under a tax treaty be disclosed.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Amazon buys comedy service Rooftop MediaAmazon buys comedy service Rooftop Media to expand digital content
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.29AM IST
Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos' vision of becoming a tech and media powerhouse, however, has drawn protests from an investor community.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Amazon.com Inc is buying online comedy service Rooftop Media , a small deal that underscores the Internet retailer's broader ambition of becoming a media and entertainment powerhouse.
Amazon is persisting in buying content to round out its service, with designs to take on Netflix Inc and other online digital media services. But that increasing spending has helped keep the company in the red, inviting criticism from investors.
Audible, the audiobooks service it bought in 2008 for $300 million, is picking up the 10-person company for an undisclosed sum. Audible founder and Chief Executive Donald Katz said in a statement on Monday the company had been attracted by Rooftop's content as well as its pool of comic talent.
Rooftop records comedians at clubs across the country and licenses the digital rights to thousands of hours of comedy, which is broadcast either live or later on demand. The company's media partners include Apple Inc and Yahoo, and it also works with streaming services such as Sirius XM , Spotify and Pandora.
Its content now becomes part of Audible, itself a fast-growing seller of online audiobooks, and vastly increases Rooftop's audience, said Rooftop Chief Executive Officer Will Rogers.
Amazon is expected to continue acquiring digital content at a rapid clip. In past years, it began investing heavily to branch out from its online retail roots, delving into Hollywood-style content production as well as developing a line of tablets, smartphones and set-top boxes to accelerate the sale of digital content.
Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos' vision of becoming a tech and media powerhouse, however, has drawn protests from an investor community that for years overlooked its lack of profits because of red-hot revenue growth.
That growth may be in danger of stalling. Last week, the company missed revenue and income expectations and projected a disappointing 7 to 18 per cent rise in holiday-quarter sales.
Amazon's stock was up 0.6 per cent on Monday but is down about a third from January.

Mercedes-Benz launches GLA 45 AMG at Rs 69.6...Tweet
The GLA 45 AMG is the ninth offering from the luxury car major, which had said in the beginning of the year that it would roll out 10 models this calender year.
MUMBAI: German auto major Mercedes-Benz, which leads the luxury car segment in the country, today expanded its sports utility vehicle (SUV) portfolio with the petrol variant of GLA 45 AMG, priced at Rs 69.60 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The GLA 45 AMG is the ninth offering from the luxury car major, which had said in the beginning of the year that it would roll out 10 models this calender year.
Mercedes-Benz India, which reported 16 per cent rise in its sales during the January-September period to 7,529 units, is optimistic of a double-digit growth and cross the 10,000 units mark in 2014, managing director and chief executive Eberhard Kern said after the launch.
"With the launch of the high-performance GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC, we make a strong statement in the fast growing performance SUV segment in the country," Kern said.
The GLA 45 AMG is the fourth AMG model to be launched here this year. Its SUV portfolio now stands at five model in the domestic market.
Its domestic product line comprises the locally produced S, E, C, GL and M-Classes and the completely built imported models like the A, CLS, SLK-Class and the luxury tourer B-Class, apart from the iconic off-roader G-63 AMG as well as a wide range of other AMG performance cars like the CLA45 AMG, C63 AMG, E63 AMG, SLK55 AMG, GL63 AMG and ML63 AMG.
These models are sold through its 64 outlets spanning across 36 cities. The company will add four more dealers by December, Kern said.
The luxury car-maker is in the process of doubling production capacity at its Chakan plant to 20,000 units per annum from the current 10,000 units, at an investment of Rs 250 crore.
"We also announced early this year that we will see double growth in 2014. In the first nine months. We have already logged in over 16 percent growth till September, so we are well on track to achieve double digit growth this year," Kern said.
The company had sold 9,003 units in 2013 in the country and it might cross 10,000 mark this year, he added.
The GLA 45 AMG is the ninth product in the series of 10 products that the company had announced to launch in this year, he said adding, "we will come out with the 10th and the last offering for this year shortly."

Indian firms keen to set up projects in Vie...India
(The Indian government is…)
NEW DELHI: Indian infrastructure companies are keen to execute projects in Vietnam that will help more than double the bilateral trade to USD 15 billion by 2020, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal today said.
He said that dialogue is on with domestic companies to set up projects in Vietnam on build, operate and transfer basis.
At an interactive session of visiting Vietnam Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung, Goyal said: "Your trip will set the tone for economic ties between the two countries and also take forward the people-to-people exchange."
"Given the fact that there is very low penetration in the renewable energy in Vietnam, India has a lot to offer in that field, " the minister said.
Going forward Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government aims to double the bilateral trade from USD 7 billion to USD 15 billion by 2020.
"In the field of energy there is great potential to expand the relationship, to move forward expeditiously, considering that in all fields -- thermal, renewable or hydro energy -- India has made rapid strides," he added.
The Indian government is also looking at expanding bilateral ties and will offer both technological and financial services to Vietnam.
Jet Airways will start a direct airline services to Vietnam from November 5. The flights will connect Delhi and Mumbai to Ho Chi Minh City.
It may be noted that private power utility Tata Power had last year signed an agreement with Vietnamese government for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal plant.
The project, consisting of two units of 660 MW each is likely to come up at an investment of over Rs 10,000 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twitter reports loss as revenue and use growsTwitter reports loss as revenue and use grows
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 02.37AM IST
Meanwhile, the number of monthly users grew 23 percent from a year earlier to 284 million, matching the expectations of analysts.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Twitter on Monday reported a quarterly loss as revenue more than doubled and the number of monthly users climbed.
The San Francisco-based one-to-many messaging service posted a net loss of $175.5 million on $361.3 million in revenue in the three months that ended on September 30.
Meanwhile, the number of monthly users grew 23 per cent from a year earlier to 284 million, matching the expectations of analysts.
"We had another very strong financial quarter," Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo said in a release.
"I'm confident in our ability to build the largest daily audience in the world, over time, by strengthening the core, reducing barriers to consumption and building new apps and services."
Twitter shares fell more than eight percent in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures.

Xbox One price cut in US for holiday seasonXbox One price cut in US for holiday season
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 03.53AM IST
Microsoft on Monday announced it is temporarily trimming the price of its Xbox One video game consoles in the United States.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft on Monday announced it is temporarily trimming the price of its Xbox One video game consoles in the United States in a move aimed at boosting holiday season sales.
Beginning on November 2 and continuing through the end of this year, the price of Xbox One consoles will be cut $50 at US retail outlets, according to Microsoft.
In what amounts to the second price reduction since the new-generation consoles were launched a year ago, Xbox One will be available starting at $349.
"We're offering our best price yet," Microsoft corporate vice president Yusuf Mehdi said in a blog post.
"We're gearing up for one of our biggest holidays ever." The move comes with Microsoft locked in a tough battle with Sony, which has been leading the game console market with PlayStation 4, its newest device.
PS4 hit the market at a price lower than Xbox One, but the holiday-season reduction makes the Microsoft console a more affordable option for buyers.
The cut eats into potential for Microsoft to make profit on the hardware but could help bolster ranks of users who wind up paying for the US company's games and Xbox Live online service for play and digital content.
Microsoft in June began selling a reduced-price version of its Xbox One console without the Kinect motion detection system .
The Xbox One without Kinect was sold for $399, the same price as the PS4, but will begin selling $50 less in the US next week.

Toyota tops Consumer Reports reliability ran...Toyota tops, Fiat Chrysler last in Consumer Reports quality survey
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.32AM IST
Toyota Motor Corp's namesake brand and its Lexus luxury brand finished one-and-two for the second year in a row in Consumer Reports' annual survey.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DETROIT: Toyota Motor Corp's namesake brand and its Lexus luxury brand finished one-and-two for the second year in a row in Consumer Reports' annual quality survey of the US new-vehicle market, the influential magazine said on Monday.
The four lowest-scoring brands were all from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Chrysler Group, as were five of the bottom seven. Fiat scored the lowest of the 28 brands and the Fiat 500L was named the least reliable among 265 models included in the survey.
The survey is seen as a key factor in influencing American car shoppers.
Jake Fisher, director of automotive testing for Consumer Reports, said it seems Chrysler has been "picking less reliable partners" as times goes on, from Japan's Mitsubishi Motors Corp to German's Daimler AG to Italy's Fiat.
However, poor results do not always translate into weaker sales. For instance, Chrysler's brands have been at or near the bottom of the survey since at least 2009, while the group's share of the US market has risen to 12.2 per cent this year through September from less than 9 per cent in 2009.
The biggest complaint about new cars and trucks is that infotainment systems do not work well.
Infotainment systems include safety features, as well as satellite radio and hands-free telephone and internet capabilities, usually displayed on video screens on dashboards.
Fisher said the complaints about infotainment systems are about how they perform after a driver understands them, not about them not being intuitive.
The biggest gain in this year's survey was by Ford Motor Co's luxury Lincoln brand, up 12 spots to 15th place. The biggest drop was recorded by Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz because of a poor showing for its new CLA model.
Fisher said Toyota brands perform well because the automaker takes a deliberate approach to introducing new features while others that forge ahead with developing technology, power train and design features have the greatest chance to disappoint.
Ford performed miserably in the survey just a few years ago because of its "MyTouch" infotainment systems. But the complaint rate for the system is much improved in this year's survey, Fisher said.
Japanese brands, which have dominated the survey in recent years, took the first four places, with Mazda Motor Corp
third and Honda Motor Co fourth. Fifth was Volkswagen AG's luxury brand Audi, followed by the lone domestic brand in the top 10, General Motors Co's Buick at No. 6.
Rounding out the top 10 were Fuji Heavy Industries' Subaru , Toyota's youth-oriented Scion, VW's Porsche sports car brand and Kia Motors Corp's namesake brand.
The survey was completed out by 1.1 million consumers, down from 1.3 million in 2010.

Bengal can t turn a blind eye to terrorBengal can t turn a blind eye to terror
Rupee ends 3 paise down at 6130 against dollarRupee ends 3 paise down at 6130 against dollar
BSE plans to foray into commodity tradingBSE plans foray into commodity trading; board gives nod for new platform
Palak Shah, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.06AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(A proposal to start a new…)
MUMBAI: Asia's oldest stock exchange BSE will soon make a foray into commodity trading. A proposal to start a new platform for commodities trading was approved by the BSE board on October 20, said two sources familiar with the development.
BSE's rival in equity trading, the National Stock Exchange (NSE), already has a presence in the commodity segment through a stake in National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange. Bourses such as BSE entering commodity trading are eyeing the passage of Forwards Contract Regulations Act (FCRA) that could boost trading volumes as it allows launch of further derivative products in the segment.
Earlier this year, the Kotak Group bought a 15% stake in the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX). While the FCRA Bill was tabled in Parliament last year, the previous government did not pass it in the wake of a major scam at spot exchange NSEL. Despite the severe crisis post the NSEL scam, MCX still dominates commodity trading in India with close to 80% market share.
Experts said new players are hopeful that the supremacy of MCX could be challenged with advanced technology. Akin to the equity market landscape where NSE and BSE are the only two national-level exchanges, the commodity space is divided between two bourses — MCX and rival NCDEX. Data from the Forwards Market Commission showed the two share 99% of the total commodity market turnover with MCX leading with 80-85% market share.
There are a dozen other commodity exchanges, including National Multi-Commodity Exchange of India and ACE Derivatives and Commodity Exchange that see a negligible turnover. Commodity trading gained popularity in India after MCX was launched in 2004 and it saw a sustained growth till 2013. The segment witnessed trades of over Rs 6 lakh crore every fortnight.
Levying of a Commodity Transaction Tax, however, resulted in a near 50% drop in trading volumes in 2013. MCX is a leader in bullion, oil & gas and energy contracts while NCDEX focuses on futures trading in agricultural commodities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal block de-allocation: Power Ministry eyes the fuel supply agreement routeMoves Cabinet note to ensure 90% fuel supply
New Delhi, October 27:  
To ensure continued fuel supply to coal-based power plants, the Ministry of Power has floated a Cabinet note seeking approval to meet requirements of generators whose linked blocks are to be de-allocated by March 31, 2015.
The Cabinet note, seen by BusinessLine,states the Ministry has sought approval to meet 90 per cent of coal requirement of such plants by signing fuel supply agreements to keep them running at 85 per cent plant load factor. This would include plants constructed after 2009. There is also a proposal to convert tapering linkages of three years into full time linkages of 20 years.
The note recommends that the Ministry of Coal should sign fuel supply agreement to meet the requirements of projects aggregating 4,700 MW.
The proposal does not cover plants where only a Letter of Assurance has been signed.
For such plants, the Power Ministry proposes to allow imported or e-auctioned coal with the pass through in costs to be determined at the appropriate electricity commission. In the event of a shortfall in coal supply, the note recommends pooled prices of domestic and international coal. The proposals, if accepted by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, is expected to benefit 25,000 MW of capacity in the private sector and help electricity generators like Adani Power, Tata Power, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Reliance Power, Essar, GMR, GVK, among others.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Judge bars 85 U. of I. nurses from striking  Open link
Representatives said more than 1,000 nurses will begin their strike at 7 a.m. Tuesday. But because of the injunction, 85 nurses in bone marrow transplant, emergency care, labor and delivery, oncology and several intensive care units will not be allowed to strike. Those nurses traditionally care for people with critical health conditions, the hospital system said, and the nurses' absence could put those patients at risk.
"While we hope a strike will not occur, we have a responsibility to ensure our patients' continued care and safety," CEO of University of Illinois Hospital Avijit Ghosh said in a statement. The next negotiation is planned for Monday.
The original contract expired Aug. 22 and has been extended twice. The second extension expires at midnight Monday.

Don t jeopardize your own finances to help distressed sibling0
The idea I had was to ask my mom to change her will to allow repayment of any loan that I would take out for my sister, before dividing the assets from the estate. I am considering taking out a loan, putting some of this cash in escrow to be used for payment to the lender, and giving my sister some cash now.
She needs cash now, not from an inheritance down the road. Does this make any sense? Would I see a financial planner about this or an attorney? Do you have any other ideas?
Thanks for your help.
A: You are a good person to be watching out for your sister and your mother, and you are right to worry about your sister's long-term outcome.
At the end of the day, she's not your financial responsibility. But we understand how you would want to help her, particularly since she received her cancer diagnosis.
It seems like it might be foolish to try to get her house out of foreclosure. You should move her out of the property, hire an attorney to negotiate a deed-in-lieu agreement with the bank, or try a short sale of the home. That will allow your sister to move on with her life, particularly if you are able to get the lender to agree to waive any deficiency on the loan -- that is the amount your sister would still owe the lender after the short sale of the home.
The last thing she needs to worry about is whether the winter will be a cold one and if she can afford to get the heat turned on.
Instead, she should either move in with you (which you may or may not want to do, depending on how ill she is and how much you want to take care of her) or live in a rental apartment she can afford with her Social Security (she is now eligible at 62 to begin taking it) and any other income she has.
If she needs additional cash, you should consider having a conversation with your mother about taking out a home equity loan against her property. The proceeds would be put into an escrow account to be doled out to your sister (against her share of the estate) and to pay back the loan each month.
After your mother passes away, the property can be sold, and the remaining balance of the home equity loan can be paid back. The remaining estate will be divided, with the amount your sister received subtracted from her total.
You should discuss this plan with your mother, and then the two of you should visit with the estate attorney who prepared her will to see if there are any other options. You probably don't want to put a lot of money in your sister's name because if she winds up needing Medicaid, that cash would need to be paid out first before she qualified for help. Sending her a monthly check, or even paying the rent directly for her new apartment, is likely a better decision.
Finally, in no way should you and your husband jeopardize your own family finances or retirement plans to support your sister beyond what you have done. Many people would consider you to have already gone "above and beyond" by "lending" her thousands of dollars over the years that you already know will never be repaid.
Good luck. We hope your sister recovers completely or goes into remission.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Pradip Burman Named in Black Money ListYou are here: Home Market
Dabur Falls 9% after Pradip Burman Named in Black Money List
NDTV | Updated On: October 27, 2014 15:50 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in Dabur India closed lower on Monday after the central government revealed that Pradip Burman has allegedly parked untaxed or black money in illicit foreign accounts. Mr Burman, a member of the promoter family of Dabur India, holds no position in the company currently.
According to the company's filing on the Bombay Stock Exchange, Pradip Burman held 0.02 per cent share in Dabur India as of September 30, 2014. ( Read )
Dabur is India's fourth largest FMCG company with interests in hair care, oral care, skin care, health care and food products. ( Track stock )
Reacting to the development, a Dabur spokesperson said, "We wish to state that this account was opened when he was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable." ( Read )
Dabur shares, which had fallen as much as 9 per cent to a low of Rs 196.40 in intra-day trade, ended down 3.6 per cent at Rs 208 on the BSE. The stock underperformed the FMCG sub-index on the BSE, which declined just 1.06 per cent. ( Track stock )
Pradip Burman's name, part of the affidavit that contained two other names, was submitted by the Centre before the Supreme Court today. The other names are Radha Timblo, connected to a Goa-based mining company, and Rajkot-based businessman Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya. ( Read the full story )
The Supreme Court, based on a petition by senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani, had set up a committee to look at how to recover crores parked by tax-evaders in foreign accounts.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 15:48 (IST)

Centre  State are together on Bardhaman blast probeUpdated: October 28, 2014 00:32 IST
‘Centre, State are together on Bardhaman blast probe’
Special Correspondent
PTI NSG commandos at the site where an IED was seized in Bardhaman, West Bengal. File photo
TOPICS
investigation
The case is being probed by the National Investigation Agency
Stressing that the Centre has taken the “accidental blast” at Bardhaman “very seriously”, senior officials of the Union Home Ministry including National Security Adviser ( NSA) Ajit Doval met West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee at the State Secretariat here on Monday.
After a two hour meeting with the Chief Minister and senior officials, Prakash Mishra, Special Secretary (Internal Security) at Union Home Ministry said the “Centre and West Bengal are together in fighting terror.”
The visit of senior Home Ministry officials is crucial as the Trinamool Congress had initially opposed the probe by National Investigation Agency (NIA). Recently Ms Banerjee had expressed displeasure that the Centre had not taken her into confidence while ordering the probe.
“I am very happy to say that the Chief Minister has given an assurance that the Centre and State will work together in unearthing the entire case and ensure that such cases are investigated properly,” Mr. Mishra told journalists.
Mr Mishra also added that the Home Ministry will work on “improving the capacity of State police” and central forces engaged in this operation so that the investigation reaches its logical end.
The State government however did not issue any official statement on the visit of the Home Ministry officials.
At the State Secretariat, photojournalists were not allowed to take photographs of the Home Ministry officials.

Hess finds buyer for energy trading stakeHess finds buyer for energy trading stake
Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98ba91ba-5e03-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money: Govt discloses 8 names to Supreme Court  no politician in first listCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
Dabur said that Pradip Burman’s account was opened when he was a non-resident Indian, Lodhya denied having a foreign bank account, and Radha Timblo said she needed to study the affidavit before reacting.
“The intention of the present government is clear and unambiguous. The government is keen to unearth black money held abroad and for that purpose it will use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigative agencies to obtain information that can assist in such unearthing,” the Centre said in the affidavit.
Read: BJP calls black money affidavit historic, Cong claims blackmail
 
The Congress asked the Modi administration to refrain from “political titillation and playing games”, calling for disclosure of names of all those who had illicit money abroad.
“They are the government. They control ministries and departments. They should act....Do not play games,” said party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi.
Monday’s affidavit was filed by the income tax (I-T) department in response to a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking that the government take action to bring back India’s black money, estimated by some at nearly $500 billion.
Read:  Govt trying to protect politicians, businessmen, says Ram Jethmalani
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu will hear the black money case on Tuesday. The government is seeking that the court modify an earlier order insisting that all names be revealed; its view is that names should be disclosed only after prosecution is launched against the tax evaders.
The affidavit said that the prosecution against Burman began after the government received information against him from French authorities. It was silent on the sources of information on the others.
The government also informed the court that Switzerland had assured its cooperation, including reaching a treaty on automatic exchange of information with India. It said Swiss authorities had agreed to assist India in obtaining confirmation of genuineness of bank documents.
HT had on last Wednesday reported the Centre was likely to tell the apex court names of people against whom strong evidence exists of stashing away black money in Swiss banks.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is moving fast to repatriate hundreds of billions of dollars in slush funds or black money stashed abroad, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team , headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
According to PTI, the Union government told the apex court that Switzerland had indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases probed by the income tax department.
Information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established, the government said.
Even though the government pointed out that it had no intention to withhold names of people who have stashed black money, it also said such names could not be disclosed unless there was prima facie evidence of wrongdoing.
The Centre also noted that every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal.
Earlier, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government had told the Supreme Court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
The previous UPA government had submitted the names of 18 persons who had illegally stashed away money in Liechtenstein to the Supreme Court.
It had come under flak after it opposed the Supreme Court’s direction to set-up a special investigation team (SIT) and its review petition against the court’s verdict was dismissed. The SIT was finally set up by the Modi government within days of its taking over at the Centre.
(With inputs from agencies)

Maharashtra CM naming today  Sena woos BJPMaharashtra CM to be named today; Sena woos BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 01:51 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:10 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
With the Bharatiya Janata Party all set to elect its chief ministerial candidate on Tuesday, a cornered Shiv Sena is making last-ditch efforts to patch up with it and join the ministry that will take office on October 31. Within the BJP itself, it was clear Devendra Fadnavis was set to be CM though murmurs of dissent continued.
Devendra Fadnavis
The BJP, which is busy finalizing its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena’s demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
Two senior Sena leaders, Subhash Desai and Anil Desai, in New Delhi on Monday met Union petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan who has been authorized by BJP president Amit Shah to talk to the estranged ally. Late in the evening, senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde met Shah to apprise him of the State BJP’s views on getting the Sena aboard.
 
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear in the morning when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
 
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government. The Nationalist Congress Party weakened the Sena’s case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote. Pawar on Monday told HT that his party was yet to take decision on abstaining from voting but he did not see any hurdles to the BJP forming the government.
 
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it. The Sena, with 63 MLAs, has said it would support the BJP that won 122 seats in the 288-member assembly. One BJP MLA, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP’s tally is around 135.
 
The Sena leaders have pinned their hopes on the BJP’s national leadership; they see the state BJP leaders as roadblocks to a post-poll alliance. Tawde denied this was true and said the Sena needed to drop its conditions first. The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths, but later scaled down its demand to 10. It also wants key portfolios including home or finance. The BJP is not willing to give the Sena more than five berths and no key portfolios.
 
The BJP is prepared to run a minority government. It will elect its CM candidate, most probably state  president Devendra Fadnavis, who has the backing of the party bosses, on Tuesday, despite protests by senior leader Eknath Khadse. The leader from north Maharashtra told media persons on Monday that he was still in the race and no name was approved in advance by the party bosses. Earlier, union minister Nitin Gadkari’s camp had demanded that he be made the CM. But Gadkari has withdrawn from the race and backed Fadnavis.    
 
On Tuesday, central observers union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy will attend a meeting of the party’s newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to October 31 so that prime minister Narendra Modi can attend. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

George Frey / Getty Images filegeorge frey / getty images file
Assocham plea on coal block allocationAssocham plea on coal block allocation
Sensex closes 98 points down; oil and gas stocks drop (Lead)Sensex closes 98 points down; oil and gas stocks drop (Lead)
Honda recalls 2.3k models of Brio  Amaze & CR-VHonda recalls 2.3k models of Brio  Amaze & CR-V
Black money: Meet the three account holders | More names to follow  says governmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Mining
Meet the three black money account holders
Ratna Bhushan, Ram Sahgal & Megha Mandavia, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(Amid the surging protest…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Two men and a woman—an industrialist, a bullion trader and a miner— are now being prosecuted for allegedly stashing away black money in foreign bank accounts, according to an affidavit the government filed with the Supreme Court on Monday. ET profiles the three being probed:
Radha Timblo
Sixty-year-old Radha S Timblo figured among the top ten individual tax payers in FY10, ahead of many of the country's top industrialists. Four years later, she is being prosecuted for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks. The widow of Goan iron ore miner Satish Timblo and mother of three has been dogged by controversies in the past few years.
She was rapped by Supreme Court's panel for illegal mining in 2012. She was allegedly operating a mine,which was leased to someone who had migrated to and died in Pakistan. An interim report alleged the mine's ownership was taken illegally from the previous lessee. Her late husband was a part of one of the biggest and oldest mining families in the state. The Timblo family now owns several separate mining companies in Goa.
Her company Timblo Pvt. Ltd is one of the top five mining companies in the state. In a state where significant employment comes from mining, Timblos are considered a powerful family. Fomento Resources, headed by Ambar Timblo, is also an offshoot of the same family.
However, Ambar Timblo clarified his company has no business relations with Radha Timblo's firm. Even though her own mine is not producing iron ore anymore, Radha Timblo is helping others operate mines, an industry source who declined to be named said. She also runs a business of leasing boats for transportation of commodities.
ET was not able to reach Radha Timblo for a comment. Goa miners have had a history of showing up in lists naming questionable offshore bank accounts holders. A list of alleged bank account holders in international tax havens, which was released by International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), had names of Goan mining houses, including Salgaocar, Dempo and Timblo.
Pradip Burman
Pradip Burman, a fourth generation member of the Burman family and great grandson of Dabur founder Dr. S K Burman, is no longer involved in day to day operations at Dabur India Ltd, but runs businesses related to herbal products. He is also chairman of Sundesh, a non-profit organisation involved in health-care activities, education and vocational training of women, mainly doing work in Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
The 72-year old former director at Dabur, a mechanical engineer from MIT, US, lives in Delhi.
"This account was opened when he was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the I-T Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable," Dabur said in a statement, responding to reports that the government is prosecuting Pradip Burman for allegedly stashing black money.
"It is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush," the statement added.
Burman is currently chairman of Sanat Products, a company he set up independently in 1995. The company makes Spirulina dietary supplement and herbal extracts. He is also chairman of Ayurvet, a marketing company responsible for sales, distribution and promotion of herbal veterinary products. This is not the first time Burman's name has cropped up in a financial matter.
 
In January this year, ET had reported that Dabur's promoters Pradeep and Anand Burman had to pay up taxes after their names cropped up in a `HSBC black money list' of account holders which became available to tax authorities worldwide, including India. The so called HSBC list has names and holdings of individuals or entities with accounts in the Geneva branch of HSBC's Swiss subsidiary.
The information was stolen from the bank by a former employee in 2006 and given to India by France in 2011. At that time, a Dabur spokesperson said that accounts were opened when the Burman family members were NRIs and "were legally allowed to open such accounts".
Pankaj Lodhiya
Two leading Mumbai-based bullion dealers who have done business with the Pankaj Lodhiya promoted Shreeji Trading Company refer to him as "humble" and "soft-spoken" and as one of the leading bullion dealers in Gujarat.
He has interests in gold and silver bars trading, ornaments and realty. Before venturing into the bullion business, Lodhiya focused on real estate in Rajkot through his company Shreeji Realty. Lodhiya operates out of his registered office in Diwanpara on Bhupendra Road in Rajkot. "Their business is big - both his realty and bullion trading businesses are reputed," said a Rajkot-based jeweler who lives in Diwanpara.

What is holding back the IPOs | Poll stocks out of steamPrivate equity funding and desire to secure higher valuation holding back IPOs
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(Nearly half of them are re-filing…)
MUMBAI: If the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark index is the best performer among global indexes, why is it that a capital-starved corporate world is still not queuing up for initial public offerings? The answer may lie in the expectations of those who are waiting to float their shares.
But indications from recent small floats are that novelty of a business may fetch a premium such as Snowman Logistics, but not all as Shemaroo Entertainment's fall below sale price indicates, at least in the early stage of a bullish stock market cycle. With the Sensex gaining nearly 27% year-to-date and the BSE's IPO index at a historic high of 2738.83, there are just about 13 companies which filed with the regulator for a public float.
Nearly half of them are re-filing since they could not sell shares earlier. Others who fancy a listing are looking for valuations that investor interest may not support. The optimism following the election of Narendra Modi as the prime minister which has pushed the Sensex valuations to about 16 times its forward year earnings, has raised expectations of many of the promoters, said investment bankers.
There are not many who are looking for valuations below a billion dollars, says a banker who did not want to be identified. Furthermore, the surge in private equity interest is also hampering new listings. Although many who sponsor deals are in the still loss making e-commerce businesses such as Flipkart.com or Snapdeal.com, the prospects of making business a sophisticated one with private equity funding and getting higher valuations is holding back promoters from going for IPOs.
When there is investor interest with Snowman subscribed 60 times, and Sharda Cropchem 59 times the offer, why is it that even companies from industrial, manufacturing, or services sectors are not enthusiastic about listing? From a situation of securing funds anyhow, companies have now moved for the "right valuation".
A bunch of fund managers who met up with a company manufacturing woollen clothing found, to their shock, that it is seeking a valuation of 35 times forward earnings as it is with consumer companies. The fact that the climatic condition does not require half the nation to ever seek woollen does not seem to have figured in the promoter's mind.
Coffee retail chain Cafe Coffee Day, and aviation company Indigo are among the candidates reportedly interested in floating their companies which bankers say may be valued at more than a billion if the current optimism translates into a kind of frenzy that was witnessed in previous bull markets. Here is where both the bankers and promoters run the risk of killing the golden goose early.
There are many stocks from the days of previous excesses such as Reliance Power where IPO investors are still underwater. It is not just the promoter, or the investment banker who is made out to be the culprit in steep pricing of the IPO. It could just be that investors get carried away with animal spirits' in bull markets.
In fact, some of it is already showing in recent IPOs such as entertainment company Wonderla Holidays, which is trading at 38 times its earnings this fiscal year. The market may at this time be in the right mood to lap up novel companies and aggressive promoters' demand, but they need support from strong earnings growth over a period of time. At this point, the risk of high expectations is making IPO market a sluggish one.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How much  black money  do Indians have abroadHow much  black money  do Indians have abroad
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8000 levelsDow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8000 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading points 68 higher at 8,018.50 indicating a gap-up opening on the domestic market.
Nifty added 48 points to end at 7927, whereas the Sensex ended higher by 0.55% at 26575. Nifty ended the day marginally below the resistance level of 7930 on Tuesday.
Level of 7930 continues to remain as a key resistance to watch out for in the immediate term. If 7,930 is surpassed, the index may see some further upside; however, higher up the next resistance is placed at 7980 - 8000 range, say analysts.
On the lower side immediate support is now placed at 7860 followed by 7800. It is very important that the index takes support in the range of 7860 to 7800 in case of a decline, they say.
"If the index fails to take support at that level, we may see resumption of the recent down trend that has come in force after it violated a key support of 7840 in the past week," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"In case we see some constructive activity which surpasses 7930 then the possible upside that we may witness till 7980 to 8000 range may be short lived," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended higher with the S&P 500 notching a fourth straight session of gains boosted by strong corporate results, including Apple's.
"The S&P 500 and Dow Jones were up more than 1 percent while the Nasdaq rose more than 2 percent, thanks to better-than-expected results from several major tech companies," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 215.14 points, or 1.31 per cent, to 16,614.81, the S&P 500 gained 37.27 points, or 1.96 per cent, to 1,941.28 and the Nasdaq Composite added 103.40 points, or 2.4 per cent, to 4,419.48.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.50 per cent higher at 15,025 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.57 per cent higher at 23,218.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.57 per cent higher at 1,926 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.08 per cent lower at 2,338.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Haryana govt to probe land scamsKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

IM planned to kidnap Jews to free Qaeda-linked Pak scientist: NIAPrint
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 27, 2014 1:29 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 9:54 am
Al-Qaeda-linked Pakistani neuroscientist Dr Aafia Siddiqui, who is serving an 86-year jail term in the United States for an attack on US officials in Afghanistan, and whose release was sought by the Islamic State in exchange for the lives of slain US journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, also figured in the internet chats between Indian Mujahideen operatives, according to a recent NIA charge sheet on their activities.
IM co-founder Riyaz Bhatkal , who is currently believed to be in Pakistan, and Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, who was arrested from Nepal in August 2013, discussed the prospect of kidnapping Jews to obtain the release of Siddiqui, according to the NIA chargesheet in a grand conspiracy case against IM members.
“Investigation has established that during the stay of the accused A-6 (Yasin Bhatkal) in Nepal, Riyaz had also suggested kidnapping of Jews as a bargain to set free one Dr Aafia Siddiqui, imprisoned by the USA,” the NIA has stated following an analysis of the transcripts of online chats between IM operatives, which was unearthed following Yasin’s arrest.
The alleged conversations followed a visit by Riyaz to meet al-Qaeda leaders around June-July 2013 to forge an alliance. In his conversation with Yasin in August, that year, Riyaz said that he had been tasked by the al-Qaeda to “attack Jews in India”, the NIA said.
Freedom for the US-educated Siddiqui has emerged as a common cause among jihadist groups, with the Islamic State reportedly having sought her release along with a ransom before it killed Foley and Sotloff.
The transcripts of the chats between IM operatives also suggest a fluidity in the relationship between terrorist groups. For instance, during a chat with Yasin on May 23, 2013, Riyaz stated that he has arranged for the arrival in Pakistan of an Indian youth, Abdul Majeed, against whom Indian authorities issued an Interpol Red Corner Notice after he was named by the Bangalore police and the NIA in an alleged LeT conspiracy to recruit youths from India for jihadist activities.
Majeed, a native of Hyderabad and the younger brother of Shahid Bilal — an LeT and HuJI linked operative killed in Karachi in 2009 — was known to be living in Saudi Arabia and is alleged to have facilitated the travel of two youths from Hubli in Karnataka to Pakistan in 2011-12.
According to the charge sheet, Riyaz told Yasin that he was planning to bring Majeed to Pakistan from Saudi Arabia. Since Majeed had an Indian passport, he was looking for an escape route from Saudi Arabia, and Riyaz had arranged for the escape by telling Pakistan’s ISI that Majeed was an IM fund-raiser in Saudi Arabia, NIA said, quoting the transcripts of the chat.

MFs  exposure to bank stocks drops to Rs 55398cr in SeptOct 27, 2014, 04.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MFs' exposure to bank stocks drops to Rs 55398cr in Sept
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, last month with an exposure of Rs 31,834 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 21,908 crore), auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MFs' exposure to bank stocks drops to Rs 55398cr in Sept
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, last month with an exposure of Rs 31,834 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 21,908 crore), auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
Post your opinion here
 
Mutual fund (MF) managers dropped their exposure in bank stocks to Rs 55,398 crore in September, after raising it for seven consecutive month. According to the latest data available with Securities and Exchange Board of India, MF investments in bank stocks as on September 30 declined to Rs 55,398 crore, accounting for 18.84 per cent of the total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.94 lakh crore.
In comparison, the MF industry's exposure to banking sector had reached to an all-time of Rs 56,625 crore in August this year. However, MFs had been raising their exposure to banking shares since January. Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, last month with an exposure of Rs 31,834 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 21,908 crore), auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
Also Read: Invest for 4-5 yrs; bullish on auto, says Raamdeo Agarwal
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets. According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in banking stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market and the current decline is mainly due to profit booking. They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in banking stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 30,339 crore in January to Rs 56,625 crore in August. In percentage term, exposure has risen from 16.6 percent to 20.10 percent during the period.
Q

Tripura medical college loses half PG courses  three de-recognized by MCIPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 27, 2014 5:35 pm
Tripura’s main medical college has lost half of its post-graduate courses after the Medical Council of India de-recognised six of them this year, three this month alone.
The Agartala Government Medical College is now left with permission to run just half of the courses it initially had, according to meeting minutes of the MCI through this year.
And, as things stand now, the college appears unable to expand in other areas as well – proposals to start four new PG courses have already been rejected.
In its latest meeting this month, the MCI recommended against granting further recognition to post-graduate courses in Pediatrics Medicine, Obstetrics and Gynaecology and Psychiatry.
General Surgery had already been de-recognised in August 2014, following the same fate as the college’s Anaesthesia and Radio Diagnosis courses two months prior.
Their final fate appears to have been prophesied somewhat with the MCI having disapproved the college’s proposals to increase the seats available in all these courses as early as February.
That was the same month the apex medical body disapproved similar proposals to increase seats in Ophthalmology and Orthopedics.
The MCI had then also shot down proposals to start PG courses in Respiratory Medicine, Pathology, Anatomy and Physiology as well as a diploma course in Child Health.
Interestingly, all the proposals to start these four new courses cited one Professor Dr H Sharmah as the in-charge principal of all these planned new departments, something the MCI could not accept.
But those were not the only reasons, as repeated reports cited a lack of faculty and infrastructure needed to host or operate these courses, the same reasons cited in the decisions to de-recognise the PG courses that did exist.
In some measure of consolation, however, the MCI has recommended for the continued recognition of four courses, including in Forensic Medicine, ENT, Community Medicine, Microbiology (although a proposal to increase seats in the latter was rejected in February).

Investing.com sentiment report: bearish bets on SP 500 increaseOct 27, 2014, 04.20 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Investing.com sentiment report: bearish bets on S&P 500 increase
Investing.com sentiment report: bearish bets on S&P 500 increase
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Investing.com sentiment report: bearish bets on S&P 500 increase
Investing.com sentiment report: bearish bets on S&P 500 increase
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The Investing.com weekly sentiment index published on Monday revealed that market players added to their bearish bets on the S&P 500 in the week ending October 23.
According to the report, 28.0% of investors were long on the S&P 500 last week, down from 48.5% a week earlier. A reading below 30% indicates oversold conditions.
In the commodities market, 68.1% of market participants held long positions in gold last week, up from 66.3% in the previous week. A reading between 50%-70% is bullish for the instrument.
Meanwhile, in the forex market, 37.3% held long positions in EUR/USD last week, compared to 33.7% in the preceding week, while 49.7% of investors were long in GBP/USD, little changed from 50.1% a week earlier.
Elsewhere, 55.1% of market participants held long positions in USD/JPY last week, down from 60.7% a week earlier, while 55.4% of investors were long USD/CHF, down from 58.7% in the preceding week.
Amongst the commodity-linked currencies, 52.2% were long USD/CAD, compared to 49.2% a week earlier, 49.1% held long positions in AUD/USD, down from 51.5% in the preceding week, while 54.9% were long NZD/USD, up from 56.6% a week earlier.
The Investing.com series of indexes is developed in-house. Each index measures overall exposure to major currency pairs, commodities and indexes, using data from futures exchanges and OTC providers on all long and short open positions.
A reading between 50%-70% is bullish for the instrument, a reading between 30% and 50% is bearish, a reading above 70% indicates overbought conditions and a reading below 30% indicates oversold conditions.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Government Scraps Selection of Chiefs for 6 BanksYou are here: Home Corporates
Government Scraps Selection of Chiefs for 6 Banks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 27, 2014 21:43 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: The government on Monday scrapped the selection of six public sector bank heads during the UPA tenure following a high-level panel finding irregularities in the followed process.
The probe into the selections to lenders such as Bank of Baroda and Canara Bank followed the arrest and termination of Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain for alleged graft.
A Finance Ministry statement said future vacancies of chairman and managing directors (CMDs) as well as executive directors of PSU banks will now be filled through a new selection process.
A panel headed by RBI Governor and including Financial Services Secretary had during the previous UPA regime shortlisted chairman and managing directors for Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, United Bank and Vijaya Bank.
The selections made by the panel had been sent to the Finance Ministry for ratification by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) but the government decided to scrap the entire selection process and fill these vacancies as well as two others, including Syndicate Bank, through fresh selection process involving RBI Governor or his nominee.
Following the arrest of Mr Jain, the ministry had set up a committee comprising Expenditure Secretary, RBI Governor and Secretary School Education to examine the selections to six PSU banks.
"After receipt of the report of the Committee, the government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs)," the statement said.
To fill up these 8 vacancies of CMDs along with those of 14 executive directors, the government decided the selection would be done by a panel necessarily comprising of RBI Governor or his nominee.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 20:57 (IST)

Holiday Office Party Planning Issuesreddit
The office holiday party season is almost here, and with it comes a variety of potential morale, legal and public relations issues. The following is a quick overview of points to consider if you are planning an event.
1. Who is involved in planning, monitoring and clean-up? This is more sensitive than one might suppose. Leaving the work to female employees may send the wrong message. Excluding executives may suggest a division between leaders and followers. Think about this issue before starting.
2. Will the nature of your party encourage or discourage mixing between diverse groups? If people simply cluster together with their friends and ethnic groups, it may reinforce a sense of estrangement and division.  On the other hand, it is difficult to force people to mix. Think about this issue before starting.
3. Do you want to plan something nontraditional? For example, do you invite employees to serve a meal to the homeless, raise money for charity through an event, or attend an athletic event? You will need to judge how these suggestions will be received. This may be a way to minimize divisions.
4. Do you want a "family-friendly" event or an adults-only event? This fundamental decision sets the tone for everything else that occurs. Either approach has potential pros and cons. The balance of considerations may favor a family friendly approach.
5. How will you describe your party? Names and descriptive terms set expectations for the attendees. Ideally a name produces excitement and a desire to attend. Will you use religious terms as part of the description?
6. What location will you select? If you select an off-work-site venue with a meeting facility, it will be more expensive, but you will have the benefit of professional independent contractor staff serving the guests.
7. When will the event occur? A brief event at the office on the afternoon before a holiday has one set of expectations. A different set of expectations govern evening events outside of working hours. Which type event will most likely raise morale? If young children are present, you need to consider childcare, entertainment, and bedtime issues.
8. Who will you invite? A tone that is appropriate for an internal employee event may not be appropriate for an event when clients and customers are present.
9. How will you deal with uninvited guests or the employee who brings a guest? Will you have clear guidelines in advance or be flexible?
10. Will you serve alcohol? While alcohol may be expected, its presence raises social host liability issues and a variety of potential negligence issues surrounding drunk driving and other injury producing events. With alcohol, it is essential to monitor consumption and provide safe transportation for guests. A cash bar dampens the party atmosphere but an open bar invites over-consumption.
11. What food or snacks will you serve? Do you provide or promote "healthy" eating? Will you consider potential food allergies or religious objections to certain foods?
12. Will you have door prizes? The types of door prizes and how they are distributed is a more sensitive issue than one might suppose. Are they not too cheap, not too expensive, and fun but not disappointing?
13. Will you set ground rules for employees in advance of the event? For example, costume parties may become public relations disasters as insensitive ebola, racist, or sexist appearances are promulgated on social media. Some employers believe it is necessary to remind employees of the workplace codes of conduct in advance of an event.
14. Will attendance be mandatory? Mandatory or "strongly suggested" attendance raises potential workers' compensation claims if an injury occurs. Additionally, some persons simply don't enjoy socializing with coworkers.
15. Will there be entertainment? Both internal skits and external comedians should be non-embarrassing and not vulgar to avoid damaging morale and providing fuel for future employment discrimination lawsuits. For example, having supervisors perform a skit about out-of-touch old geezers is asking for trouble.
16. Will there be music? Music is such a matter of personal taste. You have to judge the tastes of your potential attendees. Having religious music may be offensive to some and its absence may be offensive to others.
17. Reduce the opportunities for sexual harassment with careful planning. This might be accomplished with costume appearance guidelines, careful selection of games, and the absence of mistletoe.
18. Does the money spent on the party match workplace economic realities? Are you having a lavish party when there are no raises or a simple party when the company is prospering?
19. Will you have security personnel present at the event? This depends upon many factors but is a reality to consider.
20. What does the company's liability insurance cover? It is worthwhile to check.
Now do you understand why Ebenezer Scrooge never had an office party?
More:

Gold prices dip in Asia with focus on Federal ReserveOct 28, 2014, 03.46 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold prices dip in Asia with focus on Federal Reserve
Gold prices dip in Asia with focus on Federal Reserve
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold prices dip in Asia with focus on Federal Reserve
Gold prices dip in Asia with focus on Federal Reserve
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices dipped slightly in early Asia trade on Tuesday with the focus growing on the Federal Reserve.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at $1,225.80 a troy ounce, down 0.06%, after hitting an overnight session low of $1,227.50 and off a high of $1,232.00.
Overnight, gold prices fell earlier as investors avoided the yellow metal and jumped to the sidelines ahead of the Federal Reserve's statement on monetary policy on Wednesday.
The Fed is widely seen closing its bond-buying program, though uncertainty as to whether or not the statement will contain dovish or hawkish language surrounding interest rates prompted investors to avoid the yellow metal ahead of time.
Investors expect the U.S. central bank to hike interest rates some time in 2015, though spotty U.S. data have many second guessing whether tightening will come sooner or later in the year.
The National Association of Realtors reported earlier its pending home sales index rose by 0.3% last month, disappointing expectations for a 0.5% gain. Pending home sales in August fell by 1%.
Year-on-year, pending home sales rose 1.0% in September, missing expectations for a 2.2% reading following a 4.1% decline in August.
Last week, the association reported that U.S. existing home sales increased 2.4% to 5.17 million units last month from 5.05 million in August, beating forecasts for a 1% rise to 5.10 million units in September.
Meanwhile in Europe, German research institute Ifo reported that its business climate index slid to 103.2 in October from 104.7 in September. This month's reading was the lowest level since December 2012 and missed forecasts for a 104.3 reading, which fueled some safe-haven demand for gold, cushioning losses somewhat.
German firms reported that they are gloomier about current conditions and future prospects than last month, fueling fears for a disappointing fourth-quarter growth rate.
Germany's economy grew by 0.7% in the first quarter of the year, but then contracted by 0.2% in the three months to June. The country is to release data on third quarter growth next month.
Silver futures for December delivery rose 0.07% at $17.112 a troy ounce. Copper futures for December delivery fell 0.09% at $3.057 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Husband of Spanish Ebola survivor leaves hospitalHusband of Spanish Ebola survivor leaves hospital
Amazon in talks to buy stake in QwikCilver S...Amazon
(Amazon India is in advanced…)
BANGALORE: Amazon India is in advanced talks to buy a minority stake in gift card technology and retail firm QwikCilver Solutions, according to three people aware of the development. The deal, if successful, will mark the first investment in an Indian startup by the Seattle-based firm which is battling rivals Flipkart and Snapdeal for primacy in India's online retail industry.
"Amazon could pick up about 20% in QwikCilver," said one person directly aware of the talks who did not want to be identified. ET was not able to ascertain the value of the likely deal.
The Bangalore-based company has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Accel Partners and Helion Venture Partners, who are the two main investors.
It was founded in 2008 by Kumar Sudarsan, TP Pratap and Bhaskar Vasudevan, all three alumni of BITS-Pilani. QwikCilver, which provides backend technology for the gift card business of several retailers including Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle, Westside and Croma, has also been coveted by Flipkart, according to these sources, but talks have progressed further with Amazon. QwikCilver, which retails electronic and physical gift cards on its online site GiftBig, also has on offer gift cards of Amazon and Flipkart.
"Amazon has promised to let them run as a separate business where they can continue to service other clients, including Flipkart," said a source.A spokeswoman for Amazon said, "We do not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future", in response to email queries on the developments. Flipkart and QwikCilver did not reply to email queries.
"The valuation will be about two to three times the projected net income plus a premium of about 20% as this is a strategic investment," said an investment banker. QwikCilver aims to reach Rs 1,000 crore in overall transactions this fiscal. Arch rivals Flipkart and Amazon have accumulated huge investments to power their growth.
Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year while Snapdeal has raised over $230 million and is set to announce another round of funding by Japan's SoftBank on Tuesday. Amazon India too received $2 billion from its parent. At stake is the leadership position of the fast-growing Indian online retail industry, which is estimated to reach $6 billion in size next year, according to research firm Gartner. Experts believe acquisitions and investments will give these companies a competitive advantage.
"Large online retailers in India will have to look at investing in or acquiring companies that have a potential to scale and are in niches that they are not present in," said Raja Lahiri, a partner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India. ET had previously reported that Amazon has held preliminary discussions with online fashion portal Jabong to take on competition from the Flipkart-Myntra combine. QwikCilver, according to a person who has direct knowledge of the discussions, is expected to give Amazon an edge.
"Gift cards are a very important vertical for Amazon globally. In India, there is a challenge in the form of the requirement of a RBI licence." Neither Amazon nor Flipkart can obtain a licence to issue prepaid payment instruments to store cash that can be used for transactions on multiple platforms. Others who have the licence in India include Paytm and Mobikwik. Paytm is one of the three companies in which Japan's Soft-Bank is expected to make an investment. The Indian gift card industry is estimated to grow to Rs 9,000 crore by 2016, according to a white paper published by QwikCilver earlier this year.
 
"Funding is only one part. What they plan to do with the category and how important gift cards will be for the company are points that QwikCilver is considering," said one of the persons who spoke to ET. This is where Amazon has an advantage over Flipkart as the latter does not have a separate gift card category, while QwikCilver's GiftBig is the only supplier of gift cards on Amazon. "With the launch of digital gift cards, the segment has really taken off. Whichever online marketplace gets a stake in a leading gift card company will get a competitive advantage," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HSBC buys Rs 60 crore duplex for India CEOYou are here: Home > Collections
HSBC buys duplex for Rs 60 crore in South Mumbai locality
Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
CEO
(HSBC has bought a luxury…)
MUMBAI: HSBC has bought a luxury duplex apartment overlooking the Arabian Sea in south Mumbai's Mahalaxmi locality for around Rs 60 crore, said two persons familiar with the development, making it one of the most expensive such purchases in the country. While the hottest property market in the country does have apartments valued at Rs 100 crore under construction, this is the highest reported transaction for a flat so far in terms of absolute numbers.
"The deal is concluded and the registration was done recently. Total consideration for the apartment also includes stamp duty and registration charges," said one of the persons mentioned above. The 8,000 sq ft apartment located in the Raheja Viverea development overlooks the Mahalaxmi racecourse and golf course has been bought by the bank to house its India chief executive officer, currently Stuart Milne.
On the basis of built-up area, the deal is valued at Rs 75,000 per sq ft. Going by carpet area—5,000 sq ft—it's almost Rs 1.10 lakh per sq ft. The deal is in the list of costliest transactions on a per sq ft basis on both these measures. The apartment is located on the 40th and 41st floors—the top two—of one of the three wings of the complex, which was completed in 2012. HSBC bought the apartment directly from developer K Raheja Corp.
HSBC India declined to comment as did the transaction advisor CBRE. Although the realty market has been sluggish for nearly two years, high-value deals have continued to defy the trend in the last few quarters. In one such trans action, private equity firm Xander's founder and chairman Siddharth Yog bought a sea-facing apartment at the famous Samudra Mahal building in Worli for Rs 40.5 crore.
Last year, another sea-facing duplex apartment in a building on Mount Pleasant Road in south Mumbai's Malabar Hill locality was sold for Rs 57 crore, or around Rs 1.35 lakh a sq ft, making it the most expensive residential property transaction on a per sq ft basis.
Several high-profile figures from the corporate world are among those who have homes in Raheja Viverea, which is spread across eight acres. They include HDFC vice-chairman and CEO Keki Mistry and private equity firm KKR's CEO Sanjay Nayar. The missions of Germany, Australia and Canada also own apartments in the complex. Johnson & Johnson and Mondelez India Foods Ltd (formerly Cadbury India) have also bought apartments there for their respective CEOs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian shares drift lower  Fed Reserve meeting awaitedAsian shares drift lower, Fed Reserve meeting awaited
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 06.38AM IST
Asian shares wobbled in early trade on Tuesday, with investors cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and as oil prices extended declines.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Asian shares wobbled in early trade on Tuesday, with investors cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and as oil prices extended declines.
The Fed is expected to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme after a two-day meeting starting later in the session and will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets .
"With the end of the asset purchase programme a foregone conclusion, speculation is once again mounting about the movement of interest rates," said Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG.
Data on Monday showed US services sector activity slowed in October to a six-month low, while manufacturing output in Texas decreased, providing more evidence that the Fed has reason to wait before raising US interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan inched down about 0.1 percent in early trade, after a lacklustre session on Wall Street.
Japan's Nikkei stock average edged down about 0.2 per cent, despite upbeat economic data released before the market open.
Japanese retail sales in September rose 2.3 per cent from a year earlier, government data showed, suggesting consumer spending is gradually picking up. The US dollar edged higher after slipping overnight on expectations of more dovish comments from the Fed.
The dollar crawled about 0.1 per cent higher to 107.87 yen , but remained below Monday's nearly three-week high of 108.38. It was steady on the day against the euro at $1.2701.
The single currency was underpinned by a report released over the weekend that showed that Europe's bank stress tests beat market expectations, with only one in five of the region's top lenders failing at the end of last year, and many have since repaired their finances.
But Germany's closely watched Ifo report of business sentiment on Monday showed the index hit its lowest level in almost two years in October, indicating that Europe's largest economy faces challenges.
US crude for December was down about 0.4 percent at $80.65 per barrel after dropping as low as $79.44 on Monday, its lowest level since June 2012, after Goldman Sachs cut its price forecasts. Concerns about weak global demand and booming supply continued to loom over the market.
Spot gold was steady at $1,225.34 an ounce.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

John Tory Elected Toronto s New MayorJohn Tory Elected Toronto s New Mayor
Govt scraps appointment of PSU bank CMDs  14...Bank of Baroda
(Finance Ministry said decision…)
NEW DELHI: The government on Monday cancelled the appointment of eight chairmen-cum-managing directors and 14 executive directors of state-run banks appointed by the previous UPA government.
In a statement released late on Monday, the finance ministry said the decision was taken after a committee set up to examine the selection process to the posts of CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs) for 2014-15 submitted its report.
The committee, which was set up earlier this year after the Syndicate Bank cash for loan scam had surfaced, included secretary (expenditure), secretary (school education) and governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
"The government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of public sector banks (PSBs). As a result, eight posts of CMDs and 14 posts of EDs would require to be filled up de nonovo," the statement said.
The previous Manmohan Singhled UPA government had selected CMDs and executive directors for six state-run banks, including Bank of Baroda , Oriental Bank of Commerce , Canara Bank , United Bank of India and Indian Overseas Bank . Bank appointments had come under lens after Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director ( CMD ) SK Jain was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation for allegedly accepting bribes of Rs 50 lakh to enhance the credit limit of some companies. CBI director Ranjit Sinha had then said that Jain was favoured during the appointment process and the investigation agency has sent a report to the finance ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/ZUzPyGTesla tanks on report of Toyota sellout
By: Chris Woodyard October 27, 2014 5:27 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Toyota Motors President Akio Toyoda (left) as he holds the key of a Tesla Roadstar handed to him by Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk during the presentation of the car at Tesla Japan’s headquarter showroom in Tokyo on November 12, 2010.
Shares of Tesla Motors plunged 5.8% Monday after reports surfaced that Toyota has joined Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler in cutting its stake in the upstart electric-car maker.
Tesla closed at $221.67, down $13.57, continuing a slide that started at the beginning of the month when its price topped $260 a share. Its 52-week high is $291.42.
Japanese news agency Nikkei reported Friday , based on unnamed sources, that Toyota sold some of its Tesla shares, reaping a huge profit. It took a $50 million stake in 2010 good for 2.4% ownership of Tesla. It also collaborated with Tesla to create the electric RAV4, which is being discontinued.
Daimler recently announced that it, too , is reducing its stake in Tesla but will continue to work with the Palo Alto-based automaker on various electric-car project. Those two worked to create the B-Class electric vehicle, which is plying the streets of America.

http://usat.ly/1swdazdEMAIL
AP
Investors trying to jump on the shares of companies working on Ebola got burned Monday when one of them got hit.
Sarepta (SRPT) dropped 33% Monday to $15.91 after the company said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is looking for additional data on its drug for muscular dystrophy. Providing the additional data could delay the company’s application for a new drug.
It’s interesting that Sarepta was dragged down by news of its muscular dystrophy drug since its shares were being swept up in Ebola madness on Wall Street. It’s one of seven ‘Ebola’ stocks that investors thought would potentially rise as the companies sell products linked with the horrible disease.
Below are the seven stocks commonly linked with Ebola:
EBOLA STOCKS AND THEIR MONDAY % CHANGE
Company

Nikkei Share Average Opens 0.17 Percent LowerYou are here: Home Market
Nikkei Share Average Opens 0.17% Lower
Agence France Presse | Updated On: October 28, 2014 07:22 (IST)
Tokyo stocks opened 0.17 per cent lower on Tuesday as caution grew ahead of a policy meeting by the US Federal Reserve.
The Nikkei 225 index at the Tokyo Stock Exchange slipped 25.44 points to 15,363.28 at the start.
Trading was likely to be muted as investors await the start of the two-day US Federal Open Market Committee summit beginning later Tuesday, traders said.
"The Fed's position on the viability of the US economic recovery as well as the winding down of its quantitative easing programme will be under close scrutiny -- especially in terms of how it translates to the currency market," said Investrust CEO Hiroyuki Fukunaga.
The US central bank's policy-making body is expected to decide to finally wind up its asset-buying drive, known as quantitative easing, at its two-day meeting.
The dollar was at 107.88 yen early Tuesday, compared with 107.78 yen in New York Monday afternoon.
The euro fetched $1.2699 and 137.00 yen against $1.2699 and 136.86 yen in US trade.
Wall Street stocks finished little changed Monday as the market absorbed losses in petroleum stocks while looking ahead to the Fed meeting.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 07:21 (IST)

Nikkei Share Average Opens 0.17% LowerNikkei Share Average Opens 0.17% Lower
Gloom returns to Asia marketsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Market outlook: Second quarter earnings to drive stock markets this weekE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

More Mutual Fund protest at AGMsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cairn India falls after Brent crude dropsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s DLF  Jindal Steel hit by regulatory worriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Defence stocks jump as govt approves projects worth Rs 80K crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money: Govt submits 3 names in SCBlack money case: Centre names three account holders in Supreme Court
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 14:33 IST
Supreme Court of India
The government on Monday filed an affidavit before the Supreme Court in the black money case , naming three prominent businessmen including Pradip Burman, formerly of Dabur Group.
Goa-based miner Radha S Timblo and Bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya were the other two businessmen named in the affidavit.
The Centre told the court that it had no intention to withhold names of persons who have stashed black money abroad and stated that information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established.
Every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal, the Centre said, adding that names cannot be disclosed unless there is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing. It also told the court that Switzerland has indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases where probe has been done by I-T department.

Editor s cut angers Anupam Kher  says unfair not to air his speech on Kashmiri panditsAnupam Kher's speech on Kashmiri pandits edited out, actor objects
Sweta Kaushal , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 27, 2014
First Published: 16:19 IST(27/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:30 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Actor Anupam Kher, who was part of a charity initiative Hum Hain... Ummeed-E-Kashmir in Delhi on October 18, is miffed with Zee TV for editing out his speech on Kashmiri pandits. Not allowing it to go on air, when the concert was telecast on Sunday, he said, was unfair. Kher had read out a few lines from journalist Rahul Pandita's book Our Moon Has Blood Clots.
Anupam Kher at Ummeed E Kashmir concert.
"Being a Kashmiri Pandit, mujhe is baat ka poora ehsaas haouti ki jab aap apne gharon se uprooted ho jaate hain how much it means emotionally. It is my responsibility as a citizen of the country to tell people how love and compassion are as much needed for such people as the materialistic help that we provide," Anupam said in the video that he shared.
A number of Bollywood personalities, including Amitabh Bachchan, Aamir Khan and Farhan Akhtar, took part in the event to raise money for victims of the recent Kashmir floods. The event was organised in association with Hindustan Times.
The actor shared the edited out part of his speech and wrote on Twitter, "Happy to be part of #UmmeedEKashmir initiative. But I am sad that the portion where I talk about the plight of Kashmiri Pandits was deleted. My heart goes out for the flood victims of J&K and it is my duty as an Indian to appeal for them which I did. But why cut my appeal for KPs? I had read out a brief chapter from @rahulpandita's book "Our Moon has Blood Clots" depicting horrific night of Jan19,1990 faced by KPs."
In an interview to The News Minute, Anupam said, "We were talking about human suffering, about what happens when people are uprooted as has happened with the floods – in that context I raised the suffering of Kashmiri Pundits and I don’t see any contradiction in what I said. What makes it worse is that I had informed the producers of the programme that I would be reading a small portion from the book Our Moon has Blood Clots (by journalist Rahul Pandita) which detailed the terrible events that occurred 24 years ago."
Reacting to the development, Business Head Zee TV Pradeep Hejmadi said, "Hum Hain Umeed E Kashmir is a platform that is aimed at uniting people all across India to raise funds to rebuild homes and infrastructure in Kashmir and Assam. All comments by celebrities (who were associated with the cause) was edited to a maximum of 3 minutes in duration and only portions that were relevant to the initiative were retained for the four hour telecast across 35 channels of Zee."

Black money: CPI taunts Narendra Modi govt over missing Cong names on listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hogwarts comes alive: London hotel offers Harry Potter-themed rooms!print
If you want a glimpse into the life of the wizarding world, a 163-year-old London hotel is offering Harry Potter-themed rooms to fans of the book and film series.
The Georgian House Hotel near London's Victoria Station has given some of its rooms a gothic feel so guests can pretend they are spending a night in Hogwarts.
There are two "Wizard Chamber" bedrooms that come with a four-poster, "Muggle-size" bed, potion bottles, cauldrons and other themed accessories.
The rooms are available as part of a package that includes a "Muggle walking tour" of London, which takes in filming locations and various places that inspired Harry Potter author J K Rowling, The Telegraph reported.
It is also possible to combine a stay with a Harry Potter studio tour. Guests can take a Harry Potter tour bus from Victoria Station to the Warner Brothers Studio Tour - 'The Making of Harry Potter on the outskirts of Watford'.
The studio has recently opened a new section, dedicated to the "Dark Arts", of which the centre-piece is the restored Malfoy Manor, which became the headquarters for Voldemort and his death eaters in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
It features the eerily realistic, suspended body of Muggle studies teacher Charity Burbage and a replica of Voldemort's pet snake Nagini advancing towards her.
Breakfast is included and the hotel website quips that guests should expect baked beans as opposed to bogey-flavoured Bertie Botts beans.
A package that includes one night's stay inclusive of breakfast in the Wizard Chambers and a Muggle tour costs 249 pounds for two adults.
"I had heard that the Harry Potter studio tour was the most popular attraction in London, and the fact the bus left from Victoria station meant we were in the perfect location for attracting tourists who had come to see the studio," Serena von der Heyde, partner at The Georgian House, told The Independent.

Trinamool takes BJP to task on black money  blackmailMiscellaneous
Trinamool Congress says Bharatiya Janata Party must come clean on black money; not play politics of blackmail
Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Published:  Oct 27 2014, 22:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 22:24  IST
 

Expect a lot of releases by HTC in India in next 2 quartersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ajit Doval meets Mamata  says terror spread beyond BurdwanComments
National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval told the West Bengal chief minister on Monday that the border district of Jalpaiguri had emerged as a new terror hub in the state, sources said, suggesting the terror network extends beyond the southeastern town of Burdwan and neighbouring areas.
Sources said Doval handed a list of 180 Bangladeshi militants hiding in West Bengal to the government after visiting the site of the October 2 blast in Burdwan.
The NSA and other members of a delegation of top security and intelligence chiefs told chief minister Mamata Banerjee about how operatives of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) had used the state as a safe haven over the past two years.
“Besides pointing out that Jalpaiguri has turned into yet another terror point for JMB, the central representatives also handed over a list of unrecognised madrasas in the state operating as terror-breeding hubs,” said a state government source on condition of anonymity. “The central team also informed the chief minister on how during the last couple years the number of terror modules in West Bengal has gone beyond 50.”
The Mamata Banerjee government said it would cooperate with a central investigation into the Burdwan blast, in which two JMB operatives were killed while making bombs in a house. The chief minister initially resisted a National Investigation Agency (NIA) probe into the incident that exposed a terror network of Bangladeshi infiltrators spread over several West Bengal districts.
“The chief minister and the West Bengal government have assured that the Centre and the state will work together in unearthing the entire case,” Prakash Mishra, special secretary for internal security in the Union home ministry, told the media after the meeting with Banerjee.
The NSA and his team also referred to the alleged links of a Rajya Sabha member from West Bengal with two Bangladeshi militant groups – JMB and Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh (JIB).
An NIA report says that the JMB, a shadowy organisation formed in 2005, has plans to establish an Islamic state encompassing Bangladesh and Murshidabad, Nadia and Malda districts of West Bengal.
Three people, including two women, were arrested in the Burdwan case and questioned by the NIA that took over the probe after the state government faced a barrage of criticism for allegedly mishandling the investigation.
Opposition parties have accused Banerjee of allowing extremist elements to flourish in the state for vote-bank politics.
“It is clear that Trinamool Congress is allowing jihadi elements in Bengal. Mere assurances will not drive them out,” said state BJP president Rahul Sinha.
Apart from SIM cards, improvised explosive devices (IEDs), detonators and watch dials, some leaflets and papers with names of al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahri and Chechen rebels were reportedly recovered from the Burdwan house, which the suspected militants had rented a few months ago.
The central delegation’s visit comes as the Union government prepares to send a report on the issue to Bangladesh following a request from the Sheikh Hasina government.
(With inputs from Ravik Bhattacharya)

Drunk teenagers triggered riots in Delhi s Trilokpuri  say policeBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Energy stocks fall as crude prices dipEnergy stocks fall as crude prices dip
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59ed8e-5d82-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Now  a Nagaland couple assaulted in BangaloreNow, a Nagaland couple assaulted in Bangalore
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 27, 2014
First Published: 20:46 IST(27/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:22 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Days after the Manipuri student Michael Haokip was assaulted for not knowing Kannada, another couple from Nagaland was assaulted on the outskirts of the city by four men who called them "foreigners" and "NRI".
The victims, who requested the media for anonymity, have said in their complaint to the police that the man was punched and the woman slapped by them.
Although the attack happened on Saturday, the issue came to light on Monday after the arrest of the four men. They have been identified as Rathan, Mahesh, Harish and Ananth. Mahesh, Harish and Ananth are software engineers and Rathan owns a gym.
Getting these men booked, however, was hardly an easy task for the couple. They were turned back from two police stations they visited by policemen who refused to register a complaint.
They finally approached the nodal police officer appointed to address grievances of people from the northeast states living in Karnataka. The FIR was registered only on Sunday afternoon, more than 24 hours after the incident.
Narrating the horror, the Nagamese man told reporters that he had gone for a drive with his wife and their friend to a picturesque part of the city when their car had a flat tyre.
As they tried to repair the car, they were approached by four men who came in a SUV.
The victims claimed that the men called them NRIs and foreigners and demanded to know what they were doing at such a lonely spot. Soon, they started pushing the man around and when the woman intervened, she too was slapped.
"They kept repeating that we should leave India," said the man, who is a software engineer and has lived in the city for 13 years.
Although home minister KJ George avoided the media, sources in his office said that an enquiry will be conducted to ascertain why the police delayed the FIR.

Injured wild elephant and calf capturedUpdated: October 28, 2014 02:28 IST
Injured wild elephant and calf captured
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu The wild elephant and her calf that were captured by a team of the Forest Department from the Peppara forests, near Vithura, on Monday.
An injured wild elephant and her calf, which kept tribal families in the Peppara forests, near Vithura, here on tenterhooks for nearly a week, were finally captured and shifted to the elephant rehabilitation centre at Konni on Monday.
Forest Department officials, along with a couple of tamed elephants, spent an entire day, first trying to trace the mother and child and then to tranquilise them mildly before taking the help of two tamed tuskers to hoist both onto a lorry.
According to T. Uma, Divisional Forest Officer (DFO), Thiruvananthapuram, a team of veterinarians from the department supervised the operation, the planning of which began two days ago. Senior officials were camping near Peppara for this.
T. Pradeep Kumar, DFO, Konni, said the injured elephant appeared to be around 40 years old, while the calf could be around two years old. The mother had injuries all over her body, apparently caused by crackers and other substances used by villagers and tribesmen from the tribal settlements in the region to protect their crops from wild elephants. Both were in a weak condition with the mother apparently suffering from her injuries for quite some time now, he said.
There were deep injuries on the top portion of her left hind leg, all of which would now be attended to by experts at the elephant rehabilitation centre, where the duo would reach by Monday midnight.
A team comprising veterinary surgeon Shasindra Dev, assistant surgeon Fiji Ferdinand and retired veterinarian Sunil had administered a mild dosage of Xylazine to tranquilise the elephant, which made her stand silent for over 30 minutes, which was enough for the tamed tuskers to slowly nudge her towards the waiting truck and help officials hoist her onboard. The calf, though frightened, allowed itself to be lifted into the vehicle.

NYMEX crude prices nearly flat in Asia as investors look for demand cuesOct 28, 2014, 03.51 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
NYMEX crude prices nearly flat in Asia as investors look for demand cues
NYMEX crude prices nearly flat in Asia as investors look for demand cues
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NYMEX crude prices nearly flat in Asia as investors look for demand cues
NYMEX crude prices nearly flat in Asia as investors look for demand cues
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Crude oil prices traded nearly flat on Tuesday in Asia as investors held steady after overnight losses and looked for demand cues.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for delivery in December traded at $80.74 a barrel, up 0.01%, after hitting an overnight session low of $79.46 a barrel and off a high of $81.26 a barrel.
The global Brent crude contract fell 30 cents to settle at $85.83 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange on Monday.
Overnight, oil prices dropped after U.S. financial institution Goldman Sachs cut its 2015 price forecast for WTI in the first quarter of next year by $15 to $75 a barrel.
The bank expects Brent prices to average $85 a barrel in the first three months of 2015, down from a previous estimate of $100.
Goldman analysts expect WTI to fall as low as $70 a barrel and Brent to $80 in the second quarter of 2015, when it expects oversupply to be most pronounced.
OPEC countries have hinted recently they may leave output quotes unchanged and have stressed the need to adapt to lower prices.
OPEC will hold its next meeting on Nov. 27.
Still, bottom fishing brought oil futures off earlier lows, as many investors have priced in long-term concerns that supply will outstrip demand going forward.
Prices have fallen about 20% in the last three months.
Lackluster U.S. data helped keep the commodity in negative territory as well.
The National Association of Realtors reported earlier its pending home sales index rose by 0.3% last month, disappointing expectations for a 0.5% gain. Pending home sales in August fell by 1%.
Year-on-year, pending home sales rose 1.0% in September, missing expectations for a 2.2% reading following a 4.1% decline in August.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Slowdown in Europe gives jitters to many Indian companiesShares of companies like Tata Steel, Bharat Forge dip on backdrop of slowdown in European markets
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.04AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Forge
(The Crompton Greaves stock…)
Shares of Indian companies with key markets in Europe such as Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Bharat Forge, Motherson Sumi and Crompton Greaves have crashed by as much as 19% since mid-September on concerns their earnings may get adversely affected by the slowdown in the region.
However, analysts say investors should buy some of these stocks. "We are positive on companies such as Tata Motors, Bharat Forge and Motherson Sumi," said Devang Mehta, senior vice-president and head of equity sales at Anand Rathi Financial Services. "We would like to advise investors to buy these companies on declines as they have been showing consistent earnings performance over the past few quarters and are expected to maintain so, going ahead."
Mehta said more clarity is needed on how companies such as Tata Steel and Crompton Greaves are reducing their debt. The Crompton Greaves stock has slumped about 19% since mid-September and has underperformed the BSE capital goods index,which was unchanged over this period. The company generates about 20% of its consolidated revenue from Europe. Tata Steel, with one of the highest exposures to the European region, has cracked 11% compared with an 8% drop in the BSE metal index.
The company's UK subsidiary, Corus, contributes 57% to the topline and 20% to operating profit. While Bharat Forge has plunged 14% and Motherson Sumi over 7%, the BSE auto index has remained unchanged. Bharat Forge gets 16-18% of its consolidated revenue from Europe. "Companies which have high earnings exposure to the European region have come under pressure of late as the dollar has appreciated significantly against the euro and many of these companies have dollar-denominated contracts," said Pankaj Pandey, head of research at ICICI Direct.
"However, we have 'buy' rating on Tata Motors and have a positive stance on Motherson Sumi as these companies are likely to benefit from domestic recovery, while we have neutral rating on Tata Steel."
Global investors are betting that the European Central Bank will soon announce a stimulus package to revive economic growth in the region, which can be a positive for Indian companies. "There is softness in the European economy, but there is talk of a stimulus package by the European Central Bank, which can dramatically change the situation and stocks can bounce back sharply," said Dipen Shah, head - private client group research at Kotak Securities.
"Investors should wait for some more time before taking a call on these stocks and one should also remember that the Indian economy is showing signs of a pick-up, which may contribute to the earnings of these companies," Shah added.
Analysts said investors should take company specific stances while making investment decisions because not all of Europe is slowing down. "One should not paint all the companies that have European exposure with the same brush as the slowdown in southern Europe is more pronounced compared with the northern region. The United Kingdom is still growing," said Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy & advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GST must to boost manufacturing  growth in India  says World BankGST must to boost manufacturing  growth in India  says World Bank
UCO Bank identifies KFA as  wilful defaulterUCO Bank identifies KFA as  wilful defaulter
S&P 500 on track to hit new highs this year: GoldmanYou are here: Home > Collections
S&P 500 on track to hit new highs this year, says Goldman Sachs
Business Insider Oct 28, 2014, 04.38AM IST
Tags:
(Goldman Sachs equity chief…)
By Myles Udland
Goldman Sachs thinks that US stocks will hit all-time highs again this year. In a note to clients over the weekend, Goldman Sachs equity chief David Kostin wrote that the S&P 500 will hit 2050 by the end of this year, and will rise 10% to hit 2150 within a year.
On Friday, the S&P 500 closed at 1964, and the S&P hasn't hit an all-time high since Thursday, September 18, the day before the Alibaba IPO. Kostin wrote that, "As investors recognise the durability of US growth despite faltering global activity , we expect S&P 500 will climb to 2050 by yearend and rise by 10% to 2150 in 12 months."
So this call for higher stock prices comes despite expectations that earnings estimates will continue to be revised downwards, with earnings expectations for 2015 falling 2% since mid-September. Corporate earnings will likely be dented by falling oil prices, but Kostin wrote that analysts and investors seem focussed only on the negative effects of lower oil prices while neglecting the beneficiaries. But Kostin added that the the fall in oil prices is a net positive for the US economy, specifically consumers.
And while investors may still be thinking about the decline in stocks earlier this month, Kostin wrote that "through the rear-view mirror, the recent sell-off looks remarkably like just another average pullback". And so overall, Goldman expects that as the market digests the recent moves in the stock market and oil prices, the S&P 500 will resume its multi-year run higher.
Back in early August, we highlighted one of Kostin's big calls on overall positioning, specifically that a "big divergence" was coming to US stocks and bonds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude drops as Goldman Sachs trims price forecastCrude drops as Goldman Sachs trims price forecast
Maharashtra: CM naming today  Sena woos BJP to be part of new govtMaharashtra CM to be named today; Sena woos BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 01:51 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:10 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
With the Bharatiya Janata Party all set to elect its chief ministerial candidate on Tuesday, a cornered Shiv Sena is making last-ditch efforts to patch up with it and join the ministry that will take office on October 31. Within the BJP itself, it was clear Devendra Fadnavis was set to be CM though murmurs of dissent continued.
Devendra Fadnavis
The BJP, which is busy finalizing its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena’s demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
Two senior Sena leaders, Subhash Desai and Anil Desai, in New Delhi on Monday met Union petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan who has been authorized by BJP president Amit Shah to talk to the estranged ally. Late in the evening, senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde met Shah to apprise him of the State BJP’s views on getting the Sena aboard.
 
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear in the morning when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
 
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government. The Nationalist Congress Party weakened the Sena’s case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote. Pawar on Monday told HT that his party was yet to take decision on abstaining from voting but he did not see any hurdles to the BJP forming the government.
 
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it. The Sena, with 63 MLAs, has said it would support the BJP that won 122 seats in the 288-member assembly. One BJP MLA, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP’s tally is around 135.
 
The Sena leaders have pinned their hopes on the BJP’s national leadership; they see the state BJP leaders as roadblocks to a post-poll alliance. Tawde denied this was true and said the Sena needed to drop its conditions first. The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths, but later scaled down its demand to 10. It also wants key portfolios including home or finance. The BJP is not willing to give the Sena more than five berths and no key portfolios.
 
The BJP is prepared to run a minority government. It will elect its CM candidate, most probably state  president Devendra Fadnavis, who has the backing of the party bosses, on Tuesday, despite protests by senior leader Eknath Khadse. The leader from north Maharashtra told media persons on Monday that he was still in the race and no name was approved in advance by the party bosses. Earlier, union minister Nitin Gadkari’s camp had demanded that he be made the CM. But Gadkari has withdrawn from the race and backed Fadnavis.    
 
On Tuesday, central observers union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy will attend a meeting of the party’s newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to October 31 so that prime minister Narendra Modi can attend. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Black money: Govt discloses 8 names to SC  no politician in first listCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
Dabur said that Pradip Burman’s account was opened when he was a non-resident Indian, Lodhya denied having a foreign bank account, and Radha Timblo said she needed to study the affidavit before reacting.
“The intention of the present government is clear and unambiguous. The government is keen to unearth black money held abroad and for that purpose it will use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigative agencies to obtain information that can assist in such unearthing,” the Centre said in the affidavit.
Read: BJP calls black money affidavit historic, Cong claims blackmail
 
The Congress asked the Modi administration to refrain from “political titillation and playing games”, calling for disclosure of names of all those who had illicit money abroad.
“They are the government. They control ministries and departments. They should act....Do not play games,” said party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi.
Monday’s affidavit was filed by the income tax (I-T) department in response to a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking that the government take action to bring back India’s black money, estimated by some at nearly $500 billion.
Read:  Govt trying to protect politicians, businessmen, says Ram Jethmalani
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu will hear the black money case on Tuesday. The government is seeking that the court modify an earlier order insisting that all names be revealed; its view is that names should be disclosed only after prosecution is launched against the tax evaders.
The affidavit said that the prosecution against Burman began after the government received information against him from French authorities. It was silent on the sources of information on the others.
The government also informed the court that Switzerland had assured its cooperation, including reaching a treaty on automatic exchange of information with India. It said Swiss authorities had agreed to assist India in obtaining confirmation of genuineness of bank documents.
HT had on last Wednesday reported the Centre was likely to tell the apex court names of people against whom strong evidence exists of stashing away black money in Swiss banks.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is moving fast to repatriate hundreds of billions of dollars in slush funds or black money stashed abroad, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team , headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
According to PTI, the Union government told the apex court that Switzerland had indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases probed by the income tax department.
Information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established, the government said.
Even though the government pointed out that it had no intention to withhold names of people who have stashed black money, it also said such names could not be disclosed unless there was prima facie evidence of wrongdoing.
The Centre also noted that every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal.
Earlier, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government had told the Supreme Court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
The previous UPA government had submitted the names of 18 persons who had illegally stashed away money in Liechtenstein to the Supreme Court.
It had come under flak after it opposed the Supreme Court’s direction to set-up a special investigation team (SIT) and its review petition against the court’s verdict was dismissed. The SIT was finally set up by the Modi government within days of its taking over at the Centre.
(With inputs from agencies)

 Wall Street Flat After Last Week s Big GainIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New York: US stocks ended near flat on Monday, pausing after the S&P 500's biggest weekly gain since January 2013, while energy shares fell with another decline in oil prices.
Among the day's biggest positives, shares of Gilead Sciences rose 1.7 per cent to $112.59, a day ahead of its scheduled earnings release. Micron Technology shares jumped 4 per cent to $32.30 and was the largest percentage gainer on both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 after it announced a $1 billion stock repurchase.
But energy shares were by far the day's biggest drag, with the S&P 500 energy index falling 2 per cent. US crude oil briefly traded below $80 a barrel after Goldman Sachs slashed its crude price forecasts, citing abundant supply and lackluster demand.
The S&P 500 ended the day down slightly after closing out its best week since early January 2013, a sharp recovery from the market's recent selloff. The index is now up 5.3 per cent from its Oct. 15 low.
"After almost a 10 per cent correction on the S&P, the bulls showed up and sent the prices right back up. Now... we're on track for closing in the upper half of the range for the month, which is a bullish sign," said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of Sarhan Capital in New York.
Accommodative central bank policies globally should keep "an underlying bid for stocks," he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 12.53 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 16,817.94, the S&P 500 lost 2.95 points, or 0.15 per cent, to 1,961.63 and the Nasdaq Composite added 2.22 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 4,485.93.
The majority of companies are beating earnings expectations. With results in from 213 of the S&P 500 companies, 71.4 per cent beat analysts' forecasts, which would be highest percentage since the third quarter of 2011, Thomson Reuters data showed.
US-traded shares of Brazilian companies tumbled after President Dilma Rousseff won reelection, defeating market favorite Aecio Neves by a slim margin.
Petrobras ADRs slumped 13.7 per cent to $11.16 and Vale lost 5.2 per cent to $10.58. A Brazilian exchange-traded fund dropped 5.4 per cent.
After the bell, shares of Twitter dropped 9.6 per cent to $43.88 after it reported quarterly revenue that surpassed expectations but forecast fourth-quarter sales that may miss targets.
On the S&P 500, the largest decliner was Nabors Industries, down 6.7 per cent to $17.48. On the Nasdaq, the largest decliner was Tesla Motors, down 5.8 per cent at $221.67.
Declining NYSE issues outnumbered advancers 1,737 to 1,308, for a 1.33-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,424 issues fell and 1,235 advanced for a 1.15-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 53 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 45 new highs and 62 new lows.
About 6.1 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, below the 8 billion average this month, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

WEP Solutions: Outcome of board meetingOct 27, 2014, 09.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
WEP Solutions: Outcome of board meeting
WEP Solutions has informed that a meeting of Board of Directors of the Company was held on Oct 27, 2014, to approve the Amendment in Articles of Association The Board approved the amendment in the draft of Articles of Association of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 5, Schedule I, and all other applicable provisions of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
WEP Solutions: Outcome of board meeting
WEP Solutions has informed that a meeting of Board of Directors of the Company was held on Oct 27, 2014, to approve the Amendment in Articles of Association The Board approved the amendment in the draft of Articles of Association of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 5, Schedule I, and all other applicable provisions of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
WEP Solutions Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of Board of Directors of the Company was held on October 27, 2014, inter alia, to approve the following:1. Amendment in Articles of Association :- The Board approved the amendment in the draft of Articles of Association of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 5, Schedule I, and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, subject to approval by Shareholders through Postal Ballot.2. Resignation of Managing Director :- Mr. P K Gopalakrishnan, Managing Director, has expressed his desire to move out of the company due to personal reasons and is expected to be relieved from the position as per the terms of his contract and upon completion of current business engagements and responsibilities. The Board of Directors expressed their appreciation for the services of Mr. P K Gopalakrishnan and accepted his request.3. Appointment of Key Managerial Personnel :(a) The Board of Directors announced that Mr. Ram N Agarwal, Promoter and Chairman, will be assuming the Executive responsibilities on completion of necessary statutory compliances.(b) The Board of Directors approved the appointment of Ms. Sujata Lele as Company Secretary in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.Source : BSE

Apna Dal chief sacks daughter Anupriya from top party postAnupriya Patel
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:10 am
The ongoing family feud in the Apna Dal took its first toll Monday as party national president Krishna Patel removed her daughter and Mirzapur MP Anupriya Patel from the post of national general secretary on charges of “indiscipline and unconstitutional acts”.
In a statement, Krishna Patel said “the ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh” has brought both the family and the Apna Dal “at a crossroad”.
“Anupriya had been warned on previous occasions. But due to personal ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh, party workers who have been with the Apna Dal for 18-19 years are being disrespected. On October 20, Anupriya assumed all powers of the state president in my absence and (over the past few weeks) unconstitutionally expelled many party workers, including the state president. She claimed to the media that she is the final authority in the party,” Krishna said.
In a statement issued late on Monday, Anupriya refuted all of Krishna’s allegations point-by-point. “Some self-serving persons in the family and the party want to break the Apna Dal-BJP alliance,” she told The Indian Express. She added that a party meeting will be called within a week to decide on the future course.
On Monday, The Indian Express had reported that owing to differences within the family, Anupriya had decided to skip the party’s foundation day celebrations in Varanasi. She has, instead, chosen to participate in a similar programme in Allahabad.
Krishna cited this as one the reasons behind removing Anupriya from her post.
“As soon as she became an MLA (in 2012), she started behaving tyrannically and also designated herself as chief general secretary, instead of general secretary, which led to a feeling of insecurity among other general secretaries,” Krishna said. Krishna also claimed that Anupriya had threatened to merge the party with the BJP if she was not allowed to contest Lok Sabha elections this year. Already an MLA from Rohaniya, Anupriya won the election from Mirzapur. Krishna had then unsuccessfully contested the byelections to Rohaniya, losing out to the SP.
“Subsequently, when party workers from all over the state started working for our victory in Rohaniya, Anupriya and Ashish formed a new national committee and jeopardised my chances by handing them the responsibility of the campaign,” Krishna claimed.

The three names: A gold trader with BJP links  a hotelier and miner  a member of a storied business familyBy: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 8:01 am
Pankaj Lodhiya
Pankaj Lodhiya,  44, the Rajkot-based bullion trader whose name figured in the Centre’s black money affidavit, has his office, Shreeji Trading Company, on Bhupendra Road in the city. The office was shut on Monday — Diwali festivities end only on Labh Pancham, which is on Tuesday.
Lodhiya expressed shock at his name appearing in the affidavit: “I am shocked to hear this.  I don’t have any account in Swiss banks. Everything is in the (account) books. I will reply to queries by the prosecution. I was among those who congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he took up the campaign against black money, and I am sure that I will come out clean on this. If any account is found, I am ready to surrender whatever money is deposited to the Government of India.”
His father, Chamanlal Lodhiya, is close to local BJP leaders. According to information made public by the Association for Democratic Reforms on Monday, the BJP’s donations report for 2011-12 lists Rs 51,000 from the elder Lodhiya.
Pankaj Lodhiya, who did not complete his commerce degree, entered the bullion trading industry around 15 years ago, and is now the chief supplier of gold to Rajkot’s huge jewelley industry.
Shreeji Group has interests in diamond, gold and silver jewellery, as well as realty. It has branches in Ahmedabad, Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore. According to the group website, the company is associated with London Bullion Market Association, an international association. Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd, another group company, markets jewellery under the brand Tatva.
The I-T department had raided Lodhiya’s home around a year and a half ago, but not many details about the operation were reported.
Radha Timblo
Radha Satish Timblo, named in the Centre’s affidavit to the Supreme Court for allegedly stashing black money abroad, is a member of the Timblo family in Goa that operates mines and owns the 5-star Cicade de Goa resort at Vainguinim Beach.
The family’s name has earlier appeared in connection with an alleged illegality involving the transfer of a mining lease that was originally granted to Badrudin Mavani, an individual.
The Supreme Court’s central empowered committee looking into illegal mining in Goa alleged in its interim report that the ownership of the mining lease was illegally taken over by the Timblo family using a power of attorney. The concession had been granted to an individual, but had been operated as a partnership firm, in which Radha Timblo was a minority partner and Timblo Pvt Ltd held the majority.
According to election watchdog Association for Democratic Reforms, Timblo Pvt Ltd donated Rs 1.18 crore to the BJP, and Rs 65 lakh to the Congress over the seven-year period between 2004-05 and 2011-12.
As per details made available by ADR on Monday, Timblo Pvt Ltd made nine donations ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 25 lakh to the BJP, and three — of Rs 30 lakh, Rs 25 lakh and Rs 10 continued…

J&K Police rule out Valley linkPrint
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:05 am
After a “thorough investigation”, the J&K Police have ruled out any Kashmir link to the blast that took place at Burdwan in West Bengal earlier this month.
“We checked thoroughly after being approached by the central agencies. There is no Kashmir link in the Burdwan blast case,’’ Director General of J&K Police K Rajindra told The Indian Express.
“The person who had made the call was also from West Bengal and has already left the Valley. No one was arrested here and the few people who had been detained for questioning have already been released,” he said.
A probe into possible Kashmir connection of the suspects in the Burdwan blast was initiated soon after agencies found out that the man who was injured in the blast had been in contact with a Kashmir phone number. Subsequently, a team of investigators from the National Investigation Agency (NIA) had rushed to Kashmir.
Sources in J&K Police revealed that the cell phone number that had come under scanner was registered to a Zulfikar with an address of Kansipora in Baramulla. “This had raised suspicion,’’ an officer privy to the investigation said. “Once we checked, we found Zulfikar is a mason from West Bengal who has been working in Baramulla for long. He had acquired the phone from that address.”
Zulfikar was picked up and taken to the Joint Interrogation Centre in Baramulla. “He (Zulfikar) told the investigators that though the SIM is in his name, it was being used by another mason namely Farooq, a resident of Nadia district. Farooq had left for home on September 25.”
The officer said that the “call and tower details” of the phone revealed that Farooq was in Kathua on September 29 and was on the way back home in West Bengal. “This was a pre-paid SIM which couldn’t work outside J&K. So there was no lead once Farooq left the state,’’ he said. “It is a fact that Farooq was in contact with the man who was injured in Burdwan. However, there is no evidence suggesting any suspicious link between Farooq and anybody on our radar in Kashmir”.
The police also picked up Zulfikar’s relative Haider Ali for questioning. “He corroborated what Zulfikar had already told us,’’ the officer said.
According to the official, Zulfikar, Haider Ali and Rabi-al-Islam were living in one room while Farooq along with Salim and Mohammad were putting up in another room. “All of them were working as masons or labourers here and had been coming to the valley regularly for work,’’ the official said. “After the flood, almost all the non-local workers left Kashmir. Only Zulfikar and Haider Ali were still here.”

No preference for local cos in oil PSU contr...No preference for local companies in oil PSU contracts
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 05.56AM IST
Tags:
cost
(Oil ministry abolishes…)
NEW DELHI: In a big boost to managing costs and bringing latest technology in projects of state firms, the oil ministry has abolished the decades-old system in which domestic suppliers would win contracts even if their price bid was up to 10% higher than a competing foreign offer.
The change in the policy, which was implemented to help domestic supplier grow, will have a direct bearing on planned expenditure of Rs 421,229 crore on various projects of state-run oil and gas firms between 2012 and 2017, officials said. The government thinks that the policy of "price preference" has served its purpose as domestic suppliers have had adequate exposure to international competition, and they should now stand on their own feet.
This move is in continuation of recent policy reforms announced in oil and gas sector to global private investments that included deregulation of diesel prices and raising the price of domestic gas, government and industry sources said.
The policy of price preference was formulated in May 1984 and continued in one form or other despite stiff resistance by state oil companies, sources said.
Companies, particularly ONGC, Gail India and Oil India were against allowing price preference to domestic vendors to ensure level playing fields, sources said.
The oil ministry has taken a "considered decision" to do away with the existing price preference policy after a wider consultation, an oil ministry official said. The oil ministry also took the opinion of the finance ministry, which said that "the current formulation of price preference is not conducive to a competitive and efficient bidding environment", the official said.
"It has been ONGC's experience that due to price preference policy to domestic bidder's, participation by foreign bidders in ONGC's International competitive biddings has reduced considerably, leading to restricted competition resulting in higher costs to ONGC," a company executive said.
State oil firms' investment outlay for 2012-17 is over Rs 421,229 crore and 67% of the amount is proposed to be spent for exploration and production of oil and gas. ONGC, which is India's biggest energy explorer, is the biggest executor of oil and gas sector projects.
A GAIL India spokesperson said the company has discontinued the practice of giving price preference to domestic vendors over the global companies. "As far as its implications is concerned, the number of serious bidders will increase and it will generate better competition in the process," the spokesperson said.The government had initially thought that the Indian industry required protection against the foreign giants. "It is felt that Indian industry now has a fair exposure of global environment and should be able to compete with their foreign counterparts successfully, without any further protection," a government official said.
The scheme of price preference was formulated and renewed from time to time, when oil industry was under administrative price mechanism (APM). Though, even at that time, the policy of price preference resulted in additional costs to the oil companies, there was not much concern since the increased cost was being reimbursed to the oil companies under APM, the official said.
As APM is dismantled and market pricing is introduced for most of the petroleum products, there is no such reimbursement to the oil companies. State oil firms absorb increase the cost due to price preference policy, which often leads to cost overrun, the official said.
Executives in public sector companies said that some domestic companies took advantage of the price preference to bag contracts, but lack of competition discouraged them from completing their contracts on time, that led to project delays. ONGC strongly lobbied with the government to abolish the system.
"Under the new exploration licensing policy (Nelp), ONGC has to compete with other oil companies; domestic and international, to secure blocks for exploration. It will not be possible for ONGC to compete effectively with other E&P companies in the Nelp bidding process if it continues to provide price preference to domestic bidders," an industry source said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares drift lower  Fed meeting awaitedGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares drift lower  Fed meeting awaited
Getting Intimate With San Francisco s Drag Scene PioneersGetting Intimate With San Francisco's Drag Scene Pioneers
Posted:
This story originally appeared on Slate .
By Jordan G. Teicher
Aunt Charlie’s Lounge is a small, windowless establishment in San Francisco’s Tenderloin neighborhood, an area once known for its nightlife and LGBTQ attractions. Today, the crime rate is 35 times higher than anywhere else in the city, and Aunt Charlie’s is the neighborhood’s only remaining gay bar. Still, its evening-length drag show continues, and, without a stage, the drag queens perform among the audience, making for an intimate show.
When James Hosking visited Aunt Charlie’s Lounge for the first time in 2009, after moving to San Francisco from New York, he immediately gravitated toward the older performers there, curious about their connection to a period when drag was “illicit and less accessible.” He was also driven to understand why, after so many years, they continue to perform. “They open themselves to ridicule because of their age, yet they seem to relish the opportunity for provocation and confrontation,” Hosking said via email.
Hosking began photographing three of those performers—Collette LeGrande, Donna Personna, and Olivia Hart—in 2013. This year, he teamed up with journalist Jeremy Lybarger for a story published in Out Magazine , and completed a documentary about the trio, Beautiful by Night . In his photos as well as his film, Hosking captures the performers during their evening routines as they get their makeup and costumes on, hang out backstage, and head back home after performing.
Drag, Hosking found, requires a lot of stamina, time, and money. The physical transformation alone can be laborious—and it gets harder with age. Audience members, meanwhile, tend to think of the drag queens as “big dolls,” and after a few drinks, some patrons can get “grabby and demanding. “But, for the most part, I think the joy comes from the audience’s excitement and pleasure, which creates a feeling that everyone is there to have a good time together. I imagine that makes all the bullshit worthwhile. The tips don’t hurt either,” Hosking said.
Throughout San Francisco, LGBTQ clubs have vanished as the cost of doing business in the city has increased and many potential customers (older, artistic people who “live outside the 9-to-5 routine”) are driven out due to drastically rising rents. Aunt Charlie’s thrives with the crucial support of regulars who live in nearby rent-controlled apartments.
While younger performers “can be connected to LGBT history and pay homage to that in their performances,” Hosking said, “it’s different to have experienced it firsthand. I think older performers helped drag gain greater visibility simply by living their lives the way they wanted to.”

Fresh surge of wind powerUpdated: October 27, 2014 01:02 IST
Fresh surge of wind power
Rahul Prithiani
alternative energy
The restoration of benefits such as accelerated depreciation (AD) and generation-based incentive (GBI) is expected to invigorate the domestic wind power sector. Crisil Research estimates that 10,000 MW of capacity will be added during 2015-18, entailing investments of Rs.65,000 crore compared with 7,000 MW over the previous three years.
GBI and AD (which expired in March, 2012) enable a quantum improvement in the economics of power projects, so it is understandable why capacity additions will go up with their restoration. Crisil Research estimates suggest that projects availing of AD (80 per cent depreciation allowed in the first year of operations) are economically viable at only Rs.3.80 a unit. In comparison, States such as Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh offer preferential tariffs ranging from Rs.3.90 to Rs.5.90 a unit, which make wind power attractive for developers in these States.
The salutary impact of these incentives on capacity additions has been seen in the past too. AD propelled capacity additions until it expired in 2011-12; the share of AD in total installed capacity (21,693 MW as on March, 2014) is estimated at 65-70 per cent.
That is not all. In States such as Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal, where industrial tariffs are high in the range of Rs.7 to Rs.7.50 a unit, wind power is an attractive option since generation costs are significantly lower, particularly in view of the restoration of AD.
Likewise, GBI (Rs.0.50 a unit for a period not less than four years and maximum of ten years) is also estimated to reduce tariff required to earn equity IRR of 16 per cent to about Rs.4.50-4.70 a unit from Rs.5 a unit, depending on the plant load factor (PLF).
AD and GBI are not the only incentives coming the way of wind power companies. The Central Government provides a ten-year tax holiday (under Section 80IA), funding through the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) at favourable interest rates (~100 basis points lower than bank finance), concessional custom duty and excise duty exemption on wind turbine components. The government also proposes to set up a National Wind Energy Mission to facilitate and promote capacity additions in the sector.
During 2015-18, capacity additions will be driven by Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh, which offer attractive preferential tariffs that are determined by the respective State electricity regulatory commissions based on capital costs and PLF. Moreover, the power distribution companies (discoms) in these States are relatively stronger financially, which ensures timely payments.
By contrast, capacity additions in Tamil Nadu are expected to decline due to significant evacuation issues and a poor track record of timely payments.
In the past, the sector was largely driven by the OEM (original equipment manufacturer) model. OEMs such as Suzlon, Gamesa, Vestas, Regen Powertech and Inox Wind provide end-to-end solutions, including wind and site studies, land procurement, installation of turbines and operation and maintenance services. The OEM model was prevalent as SMEs, which have limited experience in executing power projects, dominated capacity additions to reduce tax outgo by availing themselves of accelerated depreciation. But, over the last two years, we have witnessed a gradual shift in project execution due to the entry of IPPs (independent power producers).
However, in future, Crisil Research expects both models to co-exist. The OEM model will be driven by restoration of AD coupled with the fact that OEMs have acquired sites with good wind potential. The IPP route will be led by the focus of players such as Tata Power, China Light & Power and NTPC on wind power, particularly due to issues such as limited fuel availability, delay in clearances and the like in the conventional power space.
Key challenges
Even though the sector’s prospects appear to be bright, there are certain challenges ahead. Notable among these are lack of enforcement of renewable purchase obligation (RPO), the weak financial health of State discoms, and inadequate evacuation infrastructure.
Some States such as Tamil Nadu, Kerala and West Bengal have revised their RPO targets downwards in the past. Also, States such as Maharashtra, Haryana and Chhattisgarh have been allowed to carry forward their RPO obligations. The poor compliance of States is reflected in the sharp increase in unsold renewable energy certificates (REC) to 10.1 million as on September 30, 2014, from 3.7 million against the previous year. The REC is a mechanism available for States with lower renewable energy potential to meet their RPOs through purchase of these certificates on the power exchange. Clearly, if States reduce obligations or are unable to meet them, investments in the wind power market could be affected.
The poor financial health of State discoms too remains a major concern, as it hinders their ability to offtake wind power at nearly Rs.5 a unit. Some States also do not have sufficient transmission infrastructure to evacuate power within the State. Land availability, delays in land acquisition and obtaining clearances are difficult in States such as Karnataka and Maharashtra, which can also slow down project execution, leading to time and cost over-runs. Overcoming these challenges is important if the full potential of the sector is to be realised.
The author is Director, CRISIL Research

Here Are Some Animated GIFts To Help You Celebrate Picasso s Birthdayreddit
On a fine day like today, 133 years ago, a man named Pablo Picasso was born. The Spanish painter, sculptor, ceramicist and creative spirit revolutionized the history of art as we know it, introducing concepts from collage to Cubism.
In an effort to honor the life of the inimitable artistic force, we're taking a cue from Pablo himself when he said "For those who know how to read, I have painted my autobiography." And since he was always a fan of throwing art history for a loop, we could think of no better way to pay our respects than through a series of animated GIFs based off Picasso's iconic canvases.
Happy birthday, Picasso! The world is a brighter, more angular place thanks to you. Check out our animated GIFts below and leave Picasso a birthday message in the comments.
1. "Harlequin and his Companion"
2. "Guernica"

Justice is blind  but so are some umpiresMore
A cricket guide for judges
[SATIRE] Our great game has much more in common with the law and its practice than we might think.
By Alan Tyers | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014 12:05 PM IST
0
'You need to appeal to a higher court mate.'
British High Court judge Mrs Justice Beverley Lang stunned her courtroom this week with her lack of cricket knowledge. Hearing a case about a planning application involving a Hampshire cricket pitch, the judge was told that boundaries might land on the roof of a nearby property. "I don't play cricket - what does that mean? What are fours and sixes?" asked the judge, who is absolutely definitely unaware that she shares a name with England and Hampshire legend Robin Smith.
It seems baffling that such an establishment figure does not have even a rudimentary grasp of England's summer game. But cricket and the law actually have a lot in common - so here's a guide to get the judge started.
As with criminal law, cricket has the concept of a victim, a technical term relating to a bowler getting a batsman out or "claiming him as a victim." It has a variant meaning when used by the cricketer Kevin Pietersen , who believes that he is a victim at all times.
In law, we have the right to be tried by a jury of our peers. In cricket, everybody is judged by a one-man jury of Piers, who pronounces harsh sentences on anybody who isn't his mate Kevin Pietersen (see above).
His rulings almost always carry an aggravating factor and lack appeal.
Sometimes, English batsmen are given a trial by spin. They are invariably found guilty.
Once a trial by spin has been concluded, it is common for the English victim to introduce the concept of the suspect. This means that the bowler who has got all the English batsmen out becomes a suspect, and probably the target of legal action.
The case for the defence is usually made by the noted QC Sir Geoffrey Boycott, who will attempt to cast doubt on the abilities of the current prosecution with reference to the cases of Me v Mikey Holding, Me v Dennis Lillee and Me v bloody everybody on uncovered pitches. M'learned friend Boycott is especially severe on any action he adjudges to have been premeditated, and is also noted for his jurisprudence work related to the burden of proof, or the batsmen getting the benefit of the doubt. NB: This is a different concept to the corridor of uncertainty, which is a device used to unsettle a defendant.
A batsman can be said to have been adjudged lbw. This is generally a euphemism for "No way was that out." Justice is blind, but so are some umpires.
It is important in cricket, as in the law, to establish liability and then hide him in the field where the ball won't get to him too often. See the case of Crown v Panesar, M.
Much like the legal profession, cricket is very keen on preposterous wigs. See Judge Warnie, Judge Vaughany and Judge Goochie for further counsel on this.
In the law, a conversation can be said to be privileged. In cricket, this generally means that Giles Clarke is talking to a cricketer from a public school whom he considers to be the right sort of chap.
The most serious and important concept in law is that of rights. The most serious and important concept in cricket is TV rights and people not watching cricket on the internet.
Finally, like the law, cricket makes uses of sentences. An Australian cricketer is legally obliged to being every sentence with the words "Aw, look…" while his English counterpart must finish every one with "but we're taking the positives going forward".
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Irfan Pathan  lost among the shadowsTears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Tue 25 Nov, 2014 12:54 PM IST
CAUTION: You may find some of these images disturbing.
South Australia opener Phil Hughes was struck on the helmet by a bouncer from SNW pacer Sean Abbott. He collapsed and was rushed to a hospital in Sydney where he underwent an emergency surgery.

BEL  BEML  Pipavav rally 5-8% on Rs 80000 cr defence pushOct 27, 2014, 01.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BEL, BEML, Pipavav rally 5-8% on Rs 80000 cr defence push
The government also decided that six submarines will be made indigenously and over 8,000 Israeli anti-tank guided missiles and 12 upgraded Dornier surveillance aircraft will be purchased.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BEL, BEML, Pipavav rally 5-8% on Rs 80000 cr defence push
The government also decided that six submarines will be made indigenously and over 8,000 Israeli anti-tank guided missiles and 12 upgraded Dornier surveillance aircraft will be purchased.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of defence stocks are celebrating even after Diwali as the sector has bagged major government aid. Stocks like BEL ,  BEML and  Pipavav Defence rallied 5-8 percent intraday on Monday as the government approved projects worth a whopping Rs 80,000 crore. The government also decided that six submarines will be made indigenously and over 8,000 Israeli anti-tank guided missiles and 12 upgraded Dornier surveillance aircraft will be purchased.
The decisions were taken following a meeting of the Defence Acquisition Council (DAC), chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley, that lasted for over two hours with defence secretary, the chiefs of all three services, defence research & development organisation (DRDO) chief and other senior officials attending it. The bulk of the decisions went in favour of the Navy that was in dire need of up-gradation and capability enhancement.
The big ticket step was the decision to build six submarines in India at a cost of about Rs.50,000 crore rather than source it from outside. The other major decision was to purchase 8,356 anti tank guided missile of Israel worth Rs.3,200 crore rather than the US’s Javelin missile for the Indian Army. The Army will also purchase 321 launchers for the missile. Another 12 Dornier surveillance aircraft with enhanced sensors will also be bought from the Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) at a cost of Rs.1,850 crore.
The DAC also decided to buy 362 infantry fighting vehicle from the Ordinance Factory Board, Medak in West Bengal for Rs.662 crore. Giving details of the decision to make the six submarines in the country, official sources said a committee will now be formed by the defence ministry which will study both public and private shipyards over the next 6-8 weeks. Following this, the ministry will issue Request for Proposal (RFP) to specific port that will be identified on the basis of the study which will look into whether they have the capacity and manpower to build six submarines in the same port only besides other parametres.
The submarines will be Air Independent Propulsion (AIP) capable that will enable them to stay underwater for longer than a conventional submarine besides having enhanced stealth features. The Navy currently has 13 operational submarines and the target set in 1999 was to have 24 by 2030. The previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government had gone in for six Scorpene submarines and the first is likely to be delivered only in 2016. The decision to manufacture the submarines in India is in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Make in India” pitch.
At 12:45 hrs, Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering Company was locked at 5 percent upper circuit at Rs 43.05, up Rs 2.05 on the BSE. Bharat Electronics was quoting at Rs 2,141.20, up Rs 83.90, or 4.08 percent on the BSE. Walchandnagar Industries is also locked at 10 percent upper circuit at Rs 119.50.
(With input from PTI) 

HUL Q2 profit up 8% amid challenging operating environmentLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HUL Q2 profit up 8% amid challenging operating environment
Total income from operations grew by 10.8 percent to Rs 7,639 crore from Rs 6,892.6 crore during the same period with volume growth at 5 percent in the quarter gone by.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
FMCG major Hindustan Unilever (HUL) met street expectations with the second quarter net profit rising 8.1 percent year-on-year to Rs 988 crore supported by exceptional gain and higher revenue growth. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 913.8 crore.
Adjusted profit after tax climbed 6.5 percent to Rs 939 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 883 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal. In Q2FY14, profit included an exceptional credit of Rs 33 crore.
Total income from operations grew by 10.8 percent to Rs 7,639 crore from Rs 6,892.6 crore during the same period with volume growth at 5 percent in the quarter gone by (versus 6 percent in same quarter last year and 5 percent in previous quarter).
HUL said domestic consumer business (FMCG and water) jumped by 10.4 percent with a 10.7 percent growth in home and personal care and 9.4 percent in foods businesses, adding the operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories.
According to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18, profit was expected at Rs 990 crore on revenue of Rs 7,650 crore for the quarter.
The FMCG major earned an exceptional gain of Rs 48.7 crore during the quarter (versus Rs 33 crore Q1FY14), which included profit on sale of surplus properties Rs 49.25 crore and restructuring expenses Rs 57 lakh. Other income surged 31 percent to Rs 197.8 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 151 crore in same quarter last year.
Operating profit during the quarter rose by 14.5 percent on yearly basis to Rs 1,242 crore and margin expanded 50 basis points to 16.3 percent.
Advertising and promotion cost declined 3 percent to Rs 925 crore from Rs 954 crore while tax expenses shot up 46.2 percent year-on-year to Rs 417.64 crore in second quarter of current financial year.
Segments
Revenue from soaps & detergents (including brands like Vim, Lifebuoy, Surf, Lux etc) business grew by 11 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 3,755 crore with EBIT margin declining 40 basis points to 13.6 percent.
Personal products business reported a 9.9 percent growth at Rs 2,143 crore during the quarter with EBIT margin of 24.4 percent versus 22.8 percent. "Fair & Lovely and Pond's delivered volume led double digit growth but oral care had a subdued quarter largely due to a strong comparator arising from the re-launch of Pepsodent in the base quarter," HUL explained.
Beverages revenue increased 7.6 percent to Rs 899 crore (led by tea and coffee) with EBIT margin at 17.3 percent against 17 percent on year-on-year basis. Revenue from packaged foods segment jumped 13.4 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 451.31 crore with EBIT margin rising to 4.42 percent from 3.34 percent during the same period.
HUL said in packaged foods, Kissan registered strong growth on both Ketchups and Jams while ice creams delivered another strong quarter led by Magnum and through sharper in-market execution on Kwality Walls.
Meanwhile, the board of directors of the company today declared an interim dividend of Rs 6 per equity share for the financial year ending March 31, 2015. The dividend will be paid to the shareholders on or after November 14, 2014.
At 15:26 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 721.00, down Rs 36.90, or 4.87 percent amid large volumes on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Nitish Kumar slams BJP s  black mind  on black moneyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  sued for  SharabiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple Pay faces challenge as two drug stores reject itE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM takes leaf from Batra book: Mahabharat genetics  Lord GaneshasurgeryPrint
Narendra Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:53 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:16 am
Seeming to take a page out of Dina Nath Batra’s book , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has linked medical science to mythology, citing “plastic surgery” and “genetic science” to explain the creation of Lord Ganesh and Karna respectively.
Also Read: Man who got Wendy Doniger pulped is made ‘must reading’ in Gujarat schools
Speaking at a function in Mumbai on Saturday, he said, “Medical science ki duniya mein hum garv kar sakte hain ki hamara desh kisi samay mein kya tha. Mahabharat mein Karna ki katha, hum sab Karna ke vishay mein Mahabharat mein padhte hain. Lekin kabhi humne thoda sa aur sochna shuru karen to dhyaan mein aayega ki Mahabharat ka kehna hai ki Karna maa ki god se paida nahi hua tha. Iska matlab ye hua ki us samay genetic science maujood tha. Tabhi to Karna, maa ki god ke bina, uska janma hua hoga. ( We can feel proud of what our country achieved in medical science at one point of time. We all read about Karna in Mahabharat. If we think a little more, we realise that Mahabharat says Karna was not born from his mother’s womb. This means that genetic science was present at that time. That is why Karna could be born outside his mother’s womb).”
According to the text of the speech posted on the PMO website, he  said, “Hum Ganeshji ki pooja karte hain. Koi to plastic surgeon hoga us zamaane mein jisne manushya ke shareer par haathi ka sar rakhkar ke plastic surgery ka prarambh kiya hoga.  (We worship Lord Ganesh. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an elephant’s head on the body of a human being and began the practice of plastic surgery).”
Stressing on the need to improve healthcare facilities, Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times. “There must be many areas in which our ancestors made big contributions. Some of these are well recognised. If we talk about space science, our ancestors had, at some point, displayed great strengths in space science. What people like Aryabhatt had said centuries ago are being recognised by science today. What I mean to say is that we are the country which had these capabilities. We need to regain these,” he said.
In his book, Tejomay Bharat, which was made compulsory reading in Gujarat schools, Batra, convenor of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, has said, “.America wants to take the credit for invention of stem cell research, but the truth is that India’s Dr Balkrishna Ganpat Matapurkar has already got a patent for regenerating body parts. You would be surprised to know that this research is not new and that Dr Matapurkar was inspired by the Mahabharata. Kunti had a bright son like continued…

Dollar struggles as Fed meeting looms  market subduedDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Asian shares drift lower  Fed meeting awaited2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Newly re-elected Brazil leader faces house dividedNewly re-elected Brazil leader faces house divided
India  Vietnam to sign deal on oil exploration in South China SeaIndia  Vietnam to sign deal on oil exploration in South China Sea
US recommends voluntary isolation for health workersUS recommends voluntary isolation for health workers
Some US Retailers Shun Apple Pay  Eye Rival Payments SystemSome US Retailers Shun Apple Pay  Eye Rival Payments System
Slowdown in Europe gives jitters to many Indian cosShares of companies like Tata Steel, Bharat Forge dip on backdrop of slowdown in European markets
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.04AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Forge
(The Crompton Greaves stock…)
Shares of Indian companies with key markets in Europe such as Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Bharat Forge, Motherson Sumi and Crompton Greaves have crashed by as much as 19% since mid-September on concerns their earnings may get adversely affected by the slowdown in the region.
However, analysts say investors should buy some of these stocks. "We are positive on companies such as Tata Motors, Bharat Forge and Motherson Sumi," said Devang Mehta, senior vice-president and head of equity sales at Anand Rathi Financial Services. "We would like to advise investors to buy these companies on declines as they have been showing consistent earnings performance over the past few quarters and are expected to maintain so, going ahead."
Mehta said more clarity is needed on how companies such as Tata Steel and Crompton Greaves are reducing their debt. The Crompton Greaves stock has slumped about 19% since mid-September and has underperformed the BSE capital goods index,which was unchanged over this period. The company generates about 20% of its consolidated revenue from Europe. Tata Steel, with one of the highest exposures to the European region, has cracked 11% compared with an 8% drop in the BSE metal index.
The company's UK subsidiary, Corus, contributes 57% to the topline and 20% to operating profit. While Bharat Forge has plunged 14% and Motherson Sumi over 7%, the BSE auto index has remained unchanged. Bharat Forge gets 16-18% of its consolidated revenue from Europe. "Companies which have high earnings exposure to the European region have come under pressure of late as the dollar has appreciated significantly against the euro and many of these companies have dollar-denominated contracts," said Pankaj Pandey, head of research at ICICI Direct.
"However, we have 'buy' rating on Tata Motors and have a positive stance on Motherson Sumi as these companies are likely to benefit from domestic recovery, while we have neutral rating on Tata Steel."
Global investors are betting that the European Central Bank will soon announce a stimulus package to revive economic growth in the region, which can be a positive for Indian companies. "There is softness in the European economy, but there is talk of a stimulus package by the European Central Bank, which can dramatically change the situation and stocks can bounce back sharply," said Dipen Shah, head - private client group research at Kotak Securities.
"Investors should wait for some more time before taking a call on these stocks and one should also remember that the Indian economy is showing signs of a pick-up, which may contribute to the earnings of these companies," Shah added.
Analysts said investors should take company specific stances while making investment decisions because not all of Europe is slowing down. "One should not paint all the companies that have European exposure with the same brush as the slowdown in southern Europe is more pronounced compared with the northern region. The United Kingdom is still growing," said Ajay Bodke, head of investment strategy & advisory at Prabhudas Lilladher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki  Lupin  Ranbaxy in Focus TodayMaruti Suzuki  Lupin  Ranbaxy in Focus Today
Asian Shares Await Fed OutcomeAsian Shares Await Fed Outcome
Who are Pradip Burman  Radha Timblo and Pankaj LodhiyaHi Guest
Who are Pradip Burman, Radha Timblo and Pankaj Lodhiya?
Image: Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion. Photograph: Adnan Abidi/Reuters  Everything you need to know about the three names in the black money case revealed by the government to Supreme Court. Pradip Burman Pradip Burman belongs to one of India’s most illustrious business families, one which runs the noted Dabur brand of mostly Ayurveda-based FMCG products, including such iconic brands as ...

Pre-market: Five stocks to watch in trade todayPre-market: Five stocks to watch in trade today
MD- macro-strategy Trusted SourcesMD- macro-strategy
Trusted Sources
Arnab is responsible for Trusted Sources’s new offering,DM-EM Macro-Strategy, in which he and Jon Harrison work together to assess and capitalize on the axis between developed and emerging markets, around which the global economy and financial markets increasingly revolve and evolve. Taking a top-down, thematic perspective, they offer clients unique, actionable insight about the increasingly important two-way interaction across DM and EM, spanning politics, policy and performance —economic and financial.
ABOUT Arnab Das
Arnab is responsible for Trusted Sources’s new offering,DM-EM Macro-Strategy, in which he and Jon Harrison work together to assess and capitalize on the axis between developed and emerging markets, around which the global economy and financial markets increasingly revolve and evolve. Taking a top-down, thematic perspective, they offer clients unique, actionable insight about the increasingly important two-way interaction across DM and EM, spanning politics, policy and performance —ec...

One Way Chipotle Has Completely Revolutionized How We EatOne Way Chipotle Has Completely Revolutionized How We Eat
Posted:
reddit
Judging by our eating habits, we've become a nation of adult babies eating pre-cut food out of bowls.
Instead of sitting in highchairs toying with our cooked beef and rice, we shovel our lunches into our mouths while typing at computers in open-plan offices or robotically scrolling through our News Feeds.
Always an option at home and some restaurants, the bowl meal truly launched a decade ago when Chipotle first introduced its burrito bowl, a diners’ choice of rice, beans, meat, salsa and other fixings mixed up in a bowl. Chipotle now sells more bowls than burritos, according to Chris Arnold, a spokesman for the chain. Though Chipotle doesn't break out revenue by menu item, its success overall has been meteoric -- with revenue rising about 11 percent from $2.73 billion in 2012 to $3.04 billion so far this year.
Sales of so-called Mexican bowls at fast-casual restaurants went up 14 percent over the past two years, according to data from Technomic, a food research firm. The number of chains offering "Asian bowls" with ingredients like noodles, chicken, rice and vegetables grew 8 percent over the same period, according to Technomic. Chipotle’s Asian-themed spinoff, ShopHouse, exclusively sells bowls comprised of a base of rice, noodles or salad mixed with a protein like grilled chicken satay, vegetables and a choice of curry and tamarind sauces.
A Chipotle burrito bowl.
Besides just tasting good, the bowls play into some recent dining trends: the rise of gluten-free eating and the popularity of protein over carbs as people turn away from bread-heavy sandwiches. We're also increasingly picky, and a setup with a base of grain or lettuce and a choice of toppings allows us to dictate our meals to our exact preferences.
Perhaps more importantly, bowls are also perfect for workers looking for meals they can eat easily at their desks.
“No one is sitting down and eating a meal you have to cut up into little pieces,” said Kira Fisher, who runs the blog Sad Desk Lunch , which succinctly sums up the bowl trend. “It takes a lot of space to eat like a proper person.”
Some industry observers dismiss the bowl meal as trend. But it hints at more troubling concerns, said Marlene Schwartz, the director at Yale’s Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity.
Part of the recommended treatment for obesity and eating disorders is to “sit at a table without the television on and actually eat your food with a knife and fork,” Schwartz said. “The fact that that’s part of the treatment means that we’ve really moved away from it” as a society, she added.
Forking a mixture of rice, vegetables and meat into your mouth while looking at email or making phone calls isn’t an ideal way to eat, according to Schwartz. “People do tend to eat more and not realize how much they’re eating” if they’re distracted by another task, she said.
It’s true that in some cultures, people regularly eat stews, noodles and sushi without a knife and fork, and those meals are often unrushed family or even community events. But the elimination of the knife and the move towards the bowl at fast food and fast-casual restaurants is largely a Western invention of convenience.
Traditional fast food restaurants are on trend, too. The number of fast food restaurants offering a "bowl meal" grew by 5.6 percent between 2010 and 2014, according to research from Dataessential, a Chicago-based firm that tracks food industry trends.
Taco Bell launched a Cantina Power Menu earlier this year, which includes a selection of steak, chicken and veggie bowls featuring lettuce, guacamole, pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream and rice. KFC has offered its “famous bowl” line -- a mix of mashed potatoes, bite-sized crispy chicken pieces, gravy and cheese -- since 2006.
Many of the submissions coming into Fisher’s blog celebrate the old-school bowl meal: leftovers of a meat and rice stew or lasagna that were better the night before. “There’s always been casseroles and one-dish meals,” said Mary Chapman, senior director of product innovation at Technomic. “How it’s positioned is new.”
A sampling of the classic one-dish bowl lunch:
Part of the appeal of the bowls offered in fast-casual and fast food restaurants is that they can stand in for many of the standard lunch items, Chapman said. They’re “a way to have a big giant sandwich without having to hold it in your hand” or “a healthful alternative without having to be a salad,” she said.
But the rise in restaurants offering a bunch of ingredients mixed up in a bowl is “pure trend” that’s liable to go out of fashion, said David Just, a behavioral economist at Cornell University who has studied why people eat what they do.
“It’s trying to play to a modern idea of what’s beautiful and attractive,” Just said, noting that bowls also allow restaurants to rein in portion sizes because it takes less food to make a bowl look full.
And customers seemed convinced. A group of 16-year-old boys having their first-ever off-campus lunch at a Manhattan Chipotle one recent afternoon bragged about their ability to game the system by ordering bowls. “They give you more if you get the bowl,” one said. “I got it literally every day this summer,” another noted. An 18-year-old NYU student having a quick lunch by himself cited similar reasons for choosing a bowl instead of a burrito. “It’s more calories, more bang for your buck,” he said.
(That may be more perception than reality. According to Chipotle’s calorie calculator, burrito bowls typically have about 300 fewer calories than burritos.)
Out of 13 people who went through the line in about a 15-minute period during the lunch rush at the restaurant, just four ordered burritos. The other nine opted for bowls.
Even Mitt Romney gets a burrito bowl at Chipotle.
Eating without a plate, knife and fork has become so ubiquitous, we may have actually reached peak bowl. While the number of bowls on the menus of fast food and fast-casual chains grew between 2010 and 2014, it declined in fine dining restaurants, according to research from Datassential, a Chicago-based firm that studies food industry trends.
Once a trend starts to fall off in more expensive eateries, that typically means it’s saturated the market as much as it’s going to, according to Christin Groh, a senior manager on the MenuTrends team at Datassential. “It may end up tapering off,” Groh said. “In recent years, penetration has really remained flat.”
Still that doesn’t mean bowls are disappearing from restaurants like Chipotle any time soon. As Cornell's Just said, diners "are looking for things that are easy to eat and go without much thought.”
More:

Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8000 levelsDow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8000 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading points 68 higher at 8,018.50 indicating a gap-up opening on the domestic market.
Nifty added 48 points to end at 7927, whereas the Sensex ended higher by 0.55% at 26575. Nifty ended the day marginally below the resistance level of 7930 on Tuesday.
Level of 7930 continues to remain as a key resistance to watch out for in the immediate term. If 7,930 is surpassed, the index may see some further upside; however, higher up the next resistance is placed at 7980 - 8000 range, say analysts.
On the lower side immediate support is now placed at 7860 followed by 7800. It is very important that the index takes support in the range of 7860 to 7800 in case of a decline, they say.
"If the index fails to take support at that level, we may see resumption of the recent down trend that has come in force after it violated a key support of 7840 in the past week," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"In case we see some constructive activity which surpasses 7930 then the possible upside that we may witness till 7980 to 8000 range may be short lived," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended higher with the S&P 500 notching a fourth straight session of gains boosted by strong corporate results, including Apple's.
"The S&P 500 and Dow Jones were up more than 1 percent while the Nasdaq rose more than 2 percent, thanks to better-than-expected results from several major tech companies," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 215.14 points, or 1.31 per cent, to 16,614.81, the S&P 500 gained 37.27 points, or 1.96 per cent, to 1,941.28 and the Nasdaq Composite added 103.40 points, or 2.4 per cent, to 4,419.48.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.50 per cent higher at 15,025 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.57 per cent higher at 23,218.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.57 per cent higher at 1,926 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.08 per cent lower at 2,338.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex soars up 212 points at a months highUpdated: October 22, 2014 17:21 IST
Sensex soars up 212 points at a month’s high
PTI
stocks
Samvat year 2070 ended with a bang as Sensex on Wednesday soared 212 points to finish at one-month high and Nifty jumped 68 points to close just shy of 8,000 mark on optimism festive sales will boost earnings and hopes that Modi government will unleash more economic reforms.
The Hindu Samvat year 2070 saw Sensex flaring up by 5,547.87 points or 26.12 per cent, its biggest gain in last five Samvat years.
In Samvat year 2065, it had gained 8,813.26 points or 103.57 per cent. Investors in BSE listed stocks gained nearly Rs 25 lakh crore in Samvat year 2070.
In a firm, but range bound trade on Wednesday, buying was seen across the board as all 12 BSE sectoral indices closed with gains between 0.06 per cent and 2.97 per cent.
Auto, capital goods and pharma counters took the lead in the surge. Second-line stocks also attracted good buying, indicating renewed support from retail investors.
“The optimism on the street was mainly due to sustained recovery in the global markets and positive momentum from the reform measures announced by the government recently,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex resumed strong with a wide upside gap of over 200 points in line with firm Asian cues. It later moved in a narrow range of over 100 points before ending at one-month high of 26,787.23, logging a rise of 211.58 points or 0.80 per cent.
Previously, it had closed at 27,206.74 on September 22, 2014. In straight four sessions, Sensex has gained 787.89 points or 3.03 per cent.
The broad-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also rallied by 68.15 points, or 0.86 per cent, to end at almost one-month high of 7,995.90. It touched an intra-day high of 8,005.00.
“We understand that the consumer buying has been good in the run-up to the festive season leading to buying of select stocks. Capital goods stocks also performed well as they responded to the government actions related to coal block auctions,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President-Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 32.40 crore on Tuesday.

Rupee ends at over one-week high of 61.27 vs US dollarforeign exchange market
Extending gains for the fourth straight day, Indian rupee on Wednesday closed four paise up at over one-week high of 61.27 against the Greenback, amid fag-end dollar demand that erased some gains for the local currency.
Fresh capital inflows and a rally in stocks helped the rupee rise. The dollar index was last trading almost stable against its major global rivals in overseas markets.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at the day’s high level of 61.15 from previous close of 61.31.
Later, rupee met with strong resistance and fell back to a low of 61.30 before concluding at 61.27, a rise of four paise or 0.07 per cent. In straight four sessions, rupee has gained 58 paise or 0.91 per cent.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday rallied by 212 points or 0.80 per cent to end at one-month high, extending gains to the fourth session in a row.
FIIs bought shares worth $ 18.85 million on Tuesday, as per SEBI data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, “Rupee continues to trade strong tracking the gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80.”

Krugman: We Should  Soak The Richreddit
Paul Krugman is on board with some other top economists who say that the U.S. should tax top earners up to 90 percent.
"What you really should want to do is to soak the rich as much as possible," Krugman said in an appearance on HuffPost Live Wednesday afternoon. "So the top tax rates should be whatever it is that collects the most revenue, and now the question is, how high is that?"
The Nobel Prize-winning economist was asked about a new working paper by economists Fabian Kindermann and Dirk Krueger, which found that a top marginal income tax rate of 85 to 90 percent would improve all Americans' wellbeing, reduce inequality and bring in more revenue for the government.
Krugman conceded that "soaking" the rich -- using a nickname for the Revenue Act of 1935 , which established a post-Depression wealth tax on top earners of up to 75 percent -- is "not going to happen" due to today's political climate.
Today, the top rate of 39.6 percent is paid on income above $406,750 for individuals and $457,600 for couples.
"Any increase in top tax rates is almost certainly a move in the right direction starting from here," Krugman said.
More:

Will markets continue their bull run post Diwaliwill markets continue their bull run post diwali
Previous Poll | Your Diwali shopping this year was-previous poll | your diwali shopping this year was-
NSEL scam crisis: Govt mulls Board changes for merged entityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Warning call: Here s why your mobile bills could riseTelcos warn of tariff hike after auction
Recommend
Link
1 month 12 days ago, ET NOW
Telecom companies say they may be forced to hike tariff rates after the upcoming spectrum auction as it is likely to push up their debt burden to Rs 3,00,000 crore from Rs 2,50,000 crore at present. Firms say they will have to pass on the increased cost of the debt burden on the end users.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Satyam case adjourned toOct 30Satyam case adjourned to Oct 30
Our Bureau
B Ramalinga Raju , former Chairman of Satyam Computers arriving at Metropolitan Criminal Court in Hyderabad on Monday . The judgment has once again been postponed. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Oct 27:  
The special court for Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday adjourned the multi-thousand crore Satyam Computer scam case to October 30, 2014.
The main accused and founder-chairman of Satyam, B Ramalinga Raju, and others accused who are on the bail, appeared before the judge.
The special court is expected to announce the date of final verdict in the case on October 30. Hearing in the five-and-a-half-year-old case was completed in June this year during which 216 witnesses were examined.
Raju had confessed in January 2009 fudging of books to inflate profit over the years. He was later arrested by the Andhra Pradesh Police after which the CBI had taken over the investigation.
He, along with his brother and company team, was charged with cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery, breach of trust and violation of various I-T laws, among others.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Editor s Pick: The Best Cricket PicsLATEST PHOTOS
Cricket Photos Of The Week 26.10.14
Mick Jagger plays around with the World Cup, Younis' masterstroke, Pakistan's crushing blow, Sreesanth in a new league and more.
Prev Next
Sarfraz Ahmed of Pakistan celebrates after reaching his century during Day Two of the First Test between Pakistan and Australia at Dubai International Stadium at Dubai International Stadium on October 23, 2014 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.  (Photo by Warren Little/Getty Images)
Sarfraz Ahmed of Pakistan celebrates after reaching his century during Day Two of the First Test between Pakistan and Australia at Dubai International Stadium at Dubai International Stadium on October 23, 2014 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.  (Photo by Warren Little/Getty Images)

HUL net profit rises 8% to Rs 988 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HUL net profit rises 8% to Rs 988 cr
Priyanka Pani
Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL (file photo)
Mumbai, Oct 27:  
Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) has reported an 8 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 988 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs 913 crore in the year ago period. It was impacted by the increase in the effective tax rate.
The net sales of the consumer goods major stood at Rs 7,465 crore in the same quarter, up by 9.6 per cent, as compared to Rs 6,747 crore last fiscal.
During the quarter, the domestic consumer business grew at 10 per cent ahead of market, with 5 per cent underlying volume growth.
The result was a tad below the street expectation which had forecast a 10-11 per cent sales growth and 9 per cent profit growth on the back of improved consumer sentiment.
Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL, said: “In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations have helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins. The consistency of our performance is a reflection of the discipline and rigour with which we are executing our strategy. We will continue to manage our business dynamically for sustained competitive and profitable growth.”
Segment-wise breakup
Soaps and detergents posted a double digit growth. In Laundry, the performance was led by the premium segment as Surf sustained its strong momentum and Rin growth further accelerated. Wheel growth continued to step-up since its re-launch at the end of last year.
Household Care growth was driven by Vim, with the liquids portfolio doing very well.
In Skin Care, Fair and Lovely and Pond’s delivered volume led double digit growth. Fair and Lovely continued to build momentum post its re-launch in SQ’13 while Pond’s growth was led by premium skin lightening and talc. The facial cleansing portfolio sustained high growth.
Hair Care registered another quarter of volume led double digit growth, driven by the robust performance of Dove and Clinic Plus. TRESemmé added a new Spa Rejuvenation variant and continued to make very good progress.
Oral Care had a subdued quarter largely due to a strong comparator arising from the re-launch of Pepsodent in the base quarter. Colour cosmetics delivered its tenth successive quarter of innovation led double digit growth with Lakme continuing to strengthen its position in premium make up through exciting and contemporary innovations.
The operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories. Brand investments were sustained at competitive levels across segments, albeit lower than an exceptionally high base quarter. The impact of input cost inflation continued to be felt this quarter through higher consumption costs although commodities softened towards the end of the quarter, the company said in a statement here.
The board of directors has declared an interim dividend of Rs 6.0 per equity share of face value Re. 1 each, for the year ended March 31, 2015.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

UCO Bank identifies Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulterUCO Bank identifies Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulter
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 16:01 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has identified Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) as a wilful defaulter and will be sending a notice to the defunct carrier.
"We have identified KFA as a wilful defaulter. We are in the process of sending a notice to the company in this regard," a source in the bank told PTI on Monday.
United Bank of India has already declared KFA a 'wilful defaulter' for defaulting a loan of Rs 350 crore. Other banks like State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank are also mulling this route.
Beside KFA, UCO Bank will also send a notice to the company which had furnished a corporate guarantee for availing a loan of around Rs 450 crore, the source said.
According to RBI guidelines, a wilful defaulter tag would be given if it is found that a loan taken is diverted for some other use rather than for which it was availed, as well as the default is made in spite of having the ability to repay it.

Brazilian President Re-ElectedBrazilian President Dilma Rousseff Re-Elected
Posted:
reddit
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has been re-elected to a second term to lead the world's fifth-largest nation.
Official results released Sunday by Brazil's top electoral court show that the left-leaning Rousseff beat opposition contender Aecio Neves.
With 98 percent of the vote counted, Rousseff had won 51.5 percent of the ballots. There are not enough outstanding votes left to be counted to allow her rival to catch up with her.
Rousseff's victory extends her Workers' Party rule, which has held the presidency since 2003.
During that time, they've enacted expansive social programs that have helped pull millions of Brazilians out of poverty and into the middle class
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below.
Official results show that Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been re-elected.
More:

Centre looks to invite bids for coal block auctions by December 15Centre looks to invite bids for coal block auctions by December 15
Pratim Ranjan Bose
Tweet
Kolkata, October 27:  
Union Coal Secretary SK Srivastava on Monday said the Government is committed to completing the auction of coal blocks “very soon”. He was talking to media persons in Kolkata.
Srivastava, who is scheduled to retire this month, refused to give any timeline for completion of the auction. However, sources told BusinessLine that the Government aims to invite bids by December 15. According to the schedule, auction methodologies should be completed by November 15. The nominated authority, to conduct the auction, may be appointed by November 30.
In a parallel move, the Government will complete the detailed valuation of assets, to fix floor prices for submission of bids. The auction is expected to be completed well within the Court determined window of March 31, 2015.
According to the Srivastava, the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014, has amended the requisite portions of the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, 1973 (CNM) to help ensure commercial mining of coal by State Government-run outfits.
In its order (in August and September), the Supreme Court cancelled blocks allotted to such outfits citing contradiction with the CNM Act.
“Now there is no difference between the Central government and State government outfits,” Srivastava said.
CIL to be a scapegoat?
Interestingly, the Ordinance does not offer any lifeline (like first right of refusal) to the captive mine operators who have invested heavily in suitable plant and machinery.
Srivastava said such options were avoided to ensure that the Government gets maximum value for resources while the allottees of such blocks have the option to get the mines back by outbidding others in the auction.
When asked if the Government will force Coal India to commit more supplies to captive users who do not get back the mines, Srivastava, without directly referring to linkages, said: “the problem (issuing more linkages than desired) cropped up due to various reasons both internal and external.”
He said the present Government is aiming at resolving issues.
Price pooling revived?
On the issue of how supply gap would be resolved, Srivastava did not have a ready answer. He also sidestepped questions on whether the Narendra Modi Government’s planned to revive the contentious issue of pooling the price of imported coal with domestic production of CIL.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

We are all marching to a different tuneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make in India: The mobile app opportunityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bank shares slide after ECB stress testsBank shares lose early gains after ECB stress tests
Martin Arnold and Sam Fleming in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d95d8d7e-5de7-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bharti Infratel September Quarter Net Up 68% at Rs 465 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Infratel September Quarter Net Up 68 Per Cent at Rs 465 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 27, 2014 23:15 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Tower firm Bharti Infratel on Monday reported a 68 per cent jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 465 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, on the back of increased number of tenants on towers.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 277 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
Revenue of the company rose 9 per cent to Rs 2,930 crore for the second quarter of fiscal year 2014-15 as compared to Rs 2,684 crore a year ago, the company said in a statement.
"The telecom industry is entering into a phase of growth led by robust data uptake."
"The auctions in February 2014 gave lot of confidence and stability to the operators and a testimony to the fact is addition of close to 4,000 tenancies in this quarter for Bharti Infratel, an increase of over 100 per cent as compared to same period last year," Bharti Infratel chairman Akhil Gupta said.
He also said bulk of the incremental tenancies are on account of rollout of data networks.
"We believe that the upcoming spectrum auctions in February 2015 will further accelerate this trend," Mr Gupta said.
The company said its consolidated Ebitda improved to Rs 1,220 crore, up 13 per cent year-on-year, representing an operating margin of 41.6 per cent and consolidated EBIT at Rs 673 crore - a 25 per cent y-o-y growth.
Total tower base stood at 84,303 with an average sharing factor of 2.05 whereas 3950 co-location additions took place during the reported quarter.
Net cash of the firm stood at Rs 3,322.2 crore at the end of September 2014.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 21:59 (IST)

Centre names 3 black money account holders in affidavit to apex courtCentre names 3 black money account holders in affidavit to apex court
J Venkatesan
Congress, AAP ask Centre to reveal all the names
New Delhi, October 27:  
The names of three Indians — Dabur’s Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya and Goa-based mining baron Radha Satish Timblo of Timblo Private Ltd — were disclosed to the Supreme Court on Monday by the Centre for stashing illegal money abroad.
Besides naming Timblo Private Ltd, the company’s Directors Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo and Mallika R Timblo were also named in the affidavit ahead of the hearing on Tuesday in the black money case.
Questions raised
As the names came out, questions were being raised in political circles about the selective disclosure of identities. The Centre informed the Court that while these names were received from French tax authorities, other disclosures were based on information received by local tax authorities — names against whom prosecution had been launched under the provisions of the Income Tax Act.
“The Government is committed to disclose names of persons holding illegal money abroad. However, every account held by an Indian in a foreign country may not be illegal and the fundamental right of citizens to privacy under Article 21 of the Constitution cannot be ignored,” the Centre said.
It said only the names of those persons against whom prosecution had been launched could be disclosed.
Opposition reaction
Congress Spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi said the Government was sensationalising a serious issue. “After so much talk, just three names. Where are the lakhs and crores of money promised by the BJP during the campaign? Where are the 55,000 names of offenders promised by Baba Ramdev?” he asked.
“This is not an occasion for press sensationalism by the Government. Do not titillate and sensationalise on such an issue,” said Singhvi.
The Aam Aadmi Party asked the BJP Government to immediately disclose the names of all such account holders. “Why did the central government disclose only these three names? Does the rest of the list contain names of those who are close to the BJP?” asked AAP leaders Arvind Kejriwal and Prashanth Bhushan.
Maintaining confidentiality
On May 1, the apex court in its order had said: “Since the investigation is completed in the cases filed against those who had stashed money abroad, we direct the Union of India to furnish the documents and information which is kept in sealed covers to the petitioner Ram Jethmalani.”
The Government said that under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement, confidentiality had to be maintained and names of persons revealed by the German authorities could not be made public and should be used only for tax purposes. The court needed to consider whether international standards had been violated in its directing the disclosure of names. Otherwise India’s rating would be lowered, it said.
The Centre made it clear that the names of all the persons who had stashed illegal money abroad as also all the information/documents received from foreign countries relating to offshore tax evasion and avoidance would be disclosed after following procedures.
Explaining the efforts taken by the Government, the affidavit said a high-level delegation met its counterparts in Bern, Switzerland, on October 15 and Switzerland had indicated its willingness to provide information where investigations had been carried out by the Income-Tax Department independently from what the Swiss government considered stolen data.
“India is on the verge of entering into bilateral and multilateral agreements for automatic exchange of information that would greatly help in our fight against black money stashed in financial accounts and assets maintained overseas by Indian taxpayers,” the affidavit added.
It sought modification of the May 1 order so that only those names against whom investigation had been completed and prosecution launched should be disclosed.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Winter session of Parliament to begin from Nov 24Winter session of Parliament to begin from Nov 24
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 27:  
The Winter session of Parliament will start from November 24 and conclude on December 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
The Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh today recommended the dates to the President.
The month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for Private Members’ business.
About 67 bills — 59 in Rajya Sabha and eight in Lok Sabha — are pending and the government will push for passage of “at least 30 to 35” legislations, a senior minister said.
This will be the second major session since the Narendra Modi Government took over in May.
The long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in Lok Sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new House.
“We expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session,” said an official at Parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th Lok Sabha polls on May 16.
Average number of sittings in the past five winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, a source said.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister Anant Kumar and Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu are members of the committee.
HRD Minister Smriti Irani and Ministers of State for Parliamentary Affairs Prakash Javadekar and Santosh Gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Layne Christensen Paying $5.1M in Bribes AccordThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Valeant set to sweeten bid for AllerganValeant willing to raise offer for Botox maker Allergan
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17fee7a8-5dd9-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stress tests fail to tackle deflation spectreOctober 27, 2014 7:23 pm
Bank stress tests fail to tackle deflation spectre
Martin Arnold and Sam Fleming in London and Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70e6a3ee-5dff-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petrobras and Sarepta Are Big Market MoversThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Govt scraps selection of six public sector bank CMDs  begins probeModi govt scraps UPA's selection of six public sector bank CMDs
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 01:37 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:01 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The government on Monday scrapped the selection of six public sector bank heads recommended by the previous UPA government after a high-level panel found irregularities in the process that was followed.
HT had first reported on August 26 that the government has sent out informal diktats to state-owned companies' managements to replace independent directors whose appointments could be "politically motivated."
The UPA regime had shortlisted chairman and MDs for Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, United Bank and Vijaya Bank. The selections were sent to the finance ministry for ratification by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet.
The government on Monday said it has scrapped the entire selection process. These vacancies, along with the one at Syndicate Bank, will now be filled through a fresh selection process that will involve the RBI governor or his nominee.
The CBI arrested former Syndicate Bank CMD SK Jain after he allegedly demanded Rs. 50 lakh from a company in exchange for providing extensions on loans worth Rs. 100 crore though the company had defaulted on payments. Several loans that were placed with Syndicate Bank are under investigation.
The CBI had highlighted irregularities in the appointments of PSB CMDs, after which finance minister Arun Jaitley had asked the RBI to take a closer look at the selection process.
The ministry had set up a committee comprising expenditure secretary, RBI governor and secretary, school education to examine the selections.
"After receipt of the report of the committee, the government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of public sector banks (PSBs)," the statement said. "The government (had) constituted a committee consisting of secretary (expenditure), secretary (school education) and governor, RBI to examine the selection process adopted for the selections to the posts of CMDs/EDs for 2014-15."
"...Eight posts of CMDs and 14 posts of EDs would require to be filled-up de novo," it added. It has decided to "finalise a new process for selection of CMDs/EDs for all future vacancies." The statement did not spell out the process to be followed.
(With agency inputs)

GMOs Expose Dangerous Science Disconnect in Agriculturereddit
A contentious issue in the upcoming Colorado and Oregon GMO labeling referendums is the perceived safety of consuming genetically modified foods.
Question a representative of the National Corn Growers Association or the American Farm Bureau Federation about the safety of eating GMOs and you'll rightly be scolded about the scientific evidence that consuming those crops is as safe as any other.
These representatives of the American farm lobby wield enormous political clout with conservative and rural lawmakers. They also influence farmers' decisions. But, ironically, they are AWOL when it comes to publicly communicating the consensus on the science behind the single greatest threat to agriculture, which is human-induced climate change.
What's the result of this willful ignorance?
A U.S Department of Agriculture survey released this year revealed that a scant 7.8 percent of corn belt farmers believe that human activity causes climate change. Compare that to the fact that 93 percent of 2014's planted corn was genetically modified.
A huge gulf exists in farmer attitudes toward science. Growers clearly accept the scientific evidence that modified food is safe while rejecting the scientific evidence that climate change is real and caused by human activity. And this chasm is driven by simple economics. One finding makes farmers money, but the other doesn't -- yet.
Climate change is swiftly re-writing the rules for all of U.S agriculture. The havoc wrought by a warming atmosphere will have profound effects on our food and farm system. We need to enlist the entire U.S. agriculture sector if we hope to reduce emissions to tolerable levels and thrive in a changing climate.
That means the farm lobby and food activists need to both embrace science outside their ideological biases.
I'm no scientist, nor an active farmer. I am a prodigious consumer of both organic and genetically altered food and beverages, and I know it's not the GMO corn used to distill my extra glass of bourbon that will determine my long-term health. I've been a staunch defender of much of the sustainable food movement's central tenets, such as organics and local food. Our goal should be to use fewer chemicals and do as little harm to the environment as possible when growing what we eat.
I'm also lucky enough to own part of my family's fourth-generation South Dakota farm. GMO corn and soybeans dominate this remote part of the state because they make money. There is no local market. The ultimate goal of most farms -- including ours -- is to pass a viable operation on to the next generation.
Despite their prevalence, there is ample reason to question the deployment of GMO technology. They play a major role in nurturing a biodiversity-crushing monoculture, and one farmer's planting actions contaminating another's should be an issue of paramount importance to agriculture.
Yet in order to survive abrupt changes to our climate, American agriculture must transform itself into a fine-tuned, diverse and resilient web of organic and conventional farms that produce at a rate that continues to astonish the world.
It can be done. Companies are looking at ways to give farmers financial incentives to use less climate-damaging synthetic fertilizer. Some farmers are enrolling in carbon markets. And the recent federal farm bill provides a roadmap on how to reform policy and subsidies so they benefit farmers who do the right thing by water, habitat, soil and climate.
What's needed now, more than ever, is for good-food advocates and conventional agriculture to unify over the overarching issue of climate change. That won't happen as long we keep having this silly food fight over GMO safety.
Follow Donald Carr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/donpcarr
More:

Madison Square mulls breakup© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40427f5e-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 Asian Shares Drift Lower  Fed Meeting AwaitedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares, Dollar Tread Cautiously Ahead of Fed Meeting
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 09:37 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Tokyo: Asian shares were modestly higher while the dollar held steady on Tuesday, as investors awaited the outcome of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting that begins later in the session for clues to the direction of US interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan shrugged off early losses and a lacklustre performance on Wall Street to rise about 0.3 per cent.
But Japan's Nikkei stock average extended losses, shedding 0.8 per cent on concerns over corporate earnings after disappointing results from Canon Inc, despite upbeat economic data released before the market open.
Japanese retail sales in September rose 2.3 per cent from a year earlier, government data showed, suggesting consumer spending is gradually picking up.
"Positive retail data is helping some retail stocks, but not strong enough to affect the whole market as investors are focused on the big overseas event now," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
The Fed is expected to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme and will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
"With the end of the asset purchase programme a foregone conclusion, speculation is once again mounting about the movement of interest rates," said Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG.
Data on Monday showed US services sector activity slowed in October to a six-month low, while manufacturing output in Texas decreased, providing more evidence that the Fed has reason to wait before raising US interest rates.
The US dollar steadied after slipping overnight on expectations of more dovish comments from the Fed.
The dollar index, which tracks the US unit against six major rivals, was steady at 85.502.
The dollar was flat on the day against its Japanese counterpart at 107.81 yen, but remained below Monday's nearly three-week high of 108.38.
The greenback inched up about 0.1 per cent against the euro to $1.2711.
Germany's closely watched Ifo report of business sentiment on Monday showed the index hit its lowest level in almost two years in October, indicating that Europe's largest economy faces challenges.
US crude for December was down about 0.5 per cent at $80.59 per barrel after dropping as low as $79.44 on Monday, its lowest level since June 2012, after Goldman Sachs cut its price forecasts. Concerns about weak global demand and booming supply continued to loom over the market.
Spot gold recouped earlier losses to rise 0.2 per cent to $1,228.60, pulling away from two-week lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BJP rivals attack govt on blackmoney issueE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FTIL & Satyam cases different  say expertsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM takes leaf from Batra book: Mahabharat genetics  Lord Ganesha surgeryPrint
Narendra Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:53 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:16 am
Seeming to take a page out of Dina Nath Batra’s book , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has linked medical science to mythology, citing “plastic surgery” and “genetic science” to explain the creation of Lord Ganesh and Karna respectively.
Also Read: Man who got Wendy Doniger pulped is made ‘must reading’ in Gujarat schools
Speaking at a function in Mumbai on Saturday, he said, “Medical science ki duniya mein hum garv kar sakte hain ki hamara desh kisi samay mein kya tha. Mahabharat mein Karna ki katha, hum sab Karna ke vishay mein Mahabharat mein padhte hain. Lekin kabhi humne thoda sa aur sochna shuru karen to dhyaan mein aayega ki Mahabharat ka kehna hai ki Karna maa ki god se paida nahi hua tha. Iska matlab ye hua ki us samay genetic science maujood tha. Tabhi to Karna, maa ki god ke bina, uska janma hua hoga. ( We can feel proud of what our country achieved in medical science at one point of time. We all read about Karna in Mahabharat. If we think a little more, we realise that Mahabharat says Karna was not born from his mother’s womb. This means that genetic science was present at that time. That is why Karna could be born outside his mother’s womb).”
According to the text of the speech posted on the PMO website, he  said, “Hum Ganeshji ki pooja karte hain. Koi to plastic surgeon hoga us zamaane mein jisne manushya ke shareer par haathi ka sar rakhkar ke plastic surgery ka prarambh kiya hoga.  (We worship Lord Ganesh. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an elephant’s head on the body of a human being and began the practice of plastic surgery).”
Stressing on the need to improve healthcare facilities, Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times. “There must be many areas in which our ancestors made big contributions. Some of these are well recognised. If we talk about space science, our ancestors had, at some point, displayed great strengths in space science. What people like Aryabhatt had said centuries ago are being recognised by science today. What I mean to say is that we are the country which had these capabilities. We need to regain these,” he said.
In his book, Tejomay Bharat, which was made compulsory reading in Gujarat schools, Batra, convenor of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, has said, “.America wants to take the credit for invention of stem cell research, but the truth is that India’s Dr Balkrishna Ganpat Matapurkar has already got a patent for regenerating body parts. You would be surprised to know that this research is not new and that Dr Matapurkar was inspired by the Mahabharata. Kunti had a bright son like continued…

Indian rupee opens flat at 61.33 per dollarOct 28, 2014, 09.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens flat at 61.33 per dollar
The Indian rupee opened flat at 61.33 per dollar versus 61.31 Monday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens flat at 61.33 per dollar
The Indian rupee opened flat at 61.33 per dollar versus 61.31 Monday.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened flat at 61.33 per dollar versus 61.31 Monday.
The US dollar nurses modest losses, on expectations of more dovish comments from the Federal Reserve.
Also Read - Expect RBI to turn dovish in Dec, cut rates in Feb: BofA-ML
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "We do not expect rupee to dip below Rs 61.20/dollar due to demand from nationalised banks at that level."
"The range for the day could be Rs 61.20-61.45/dollar. We expect exporters to sell above Rs 61.40/dollar," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Underweight on consumers  2-wheelers; prefer HUL  Hero: UBSLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Underweight on consumers, 2-wheelers; prefer HUL, Hero: UBS
"Our top-down view is that the consumer and auto sectors' risk-reward profiles are relatively unattractive. We are underweight on consumers and 2-wheelers and our least preferred stocks include United Spirits, HUL and Hero Motocorp," says Gautam Chhaochharia, UBS.
Post your opinion here
 
Gautam Chhaochharia, UBS says consumer staples/discretionary and autos have done well in anticipation of pent-up demand led consumption recovery, especially in the context of the October festive season. However, we expect disappointment in the near term, he adds.
“Our top-down view is that the consumer and auto sectors' risk-reward profiles are relatively unattractive. We are underweight on consumers and 2-wheelers and our least preferred stocks include United Spirits ,  HUL and Hero Motocorp . Some stocks may still meet expectations or even surprise positively. We prefer Maruti Suzuki ,  Titan and Asian Paints ,” says Chhaochharia.

Indian ADRs lower; MTNL  Tatat Motors dragIndian ADRs lower; MTNL  Tatat Motors drag
Modi govt scraps UPA s selection of 6 public sector bank CMDsModi govt scraps UPA s selection of 6 public sector bank CMDs
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares  dollar tread cautiously ahead of Fed meetingGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares  dollar tread cautiously ahead of Fed meeting
Sell DLF Ltd with a stop loss of 114: Ashwani GujralSell DLF Ltd with a stop loss of 114: Ashwani Gujral
Oil extends losses over weak price outlookOil extends losses over weak price outlook
Bills that are to come up this Parliament sessionBills that are to come up this Parliament session
Coal India in focus after CCI ordersCoal India in focus after CCI orders
Stocks in news: JSW Steel  Lupin  State Bank of MysoreStocks in news: JSW Steel  Lupin  State Bank of Mysore
Alleged black money a/c holder donated to BJP  Cong: ReportAlleged black money a/c holder donated to BJP  Cong: Report
BJP must come clean on black money: TrinamoolE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Victoria Beckham named most successful entrepreneurE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ten stocks in focus in Tuesday morning tradeTen stocks in focus in Tuesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 08.11AM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Tuesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
"The pullback rally was not impressive and the reason for that is the fact that if this had been a genuine pullback, we would have made highs today itself," said Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com.
"But at the close, the market retreated from 8160 and I think that possibly we need one more excursion towards 7900-7950 before we can really take that level out with force," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd: The Board declared a First Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-15 of Rs. 8 per share of Re 1 each (face value).
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: The Delhi High Court Monday dismissed an appeal by the Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority (HSEIAA) against an order restraining it from "prosecuting" carmaker Maruti Suzuki for not having prior environment clearance (EC) for its unit in Rohtak.
PNB: Punjab National Bank (PNB) has said its plans to split its stock in ratio of 1:5 which would mean that the face value of its shares would be Rs 2 as against Rs 10 now making it more affordable to retail investors.
RIL Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a deal with Indus Towers to share the latter's 113,490 towers as the Mukesh Ambani-led telecom company prepares to roll out high speed internet services on LTE next year.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: GMR Infrastructure Ltd has sought market regulator Sebi's clearance to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through a rights issue.
L&T, ITC and Axis Bank: Buoyed by the success of its exchange-traded fund comprising stocks of state-owned companies, the government is now looking to launch another such exercise to take advantage of the ownership of blue chips such as ITC and Larsen & Toubro through the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI), besides some other key public sector stocks.
CIL: Coal India may raise prices of lower-grade coal, used to generate power, by a little over 10%, a move that will help offset the fall in miner's revenues from selling smaller volumes through e-auctions, said media reports.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures: The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) is likely to issue a show cause notice to JP Associates' 100% subsidiary Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) for violating techno-economic clearance (TEC) conditions in the Karcham Wangtoo project, said media reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Winter Session of Parliament to commence Nov 24Winter Session of Parliament to commence Nov 24, 67 bills up for discussion
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 14:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Winter session of Parliament will start from November 24 and conclude on December 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
The Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday recommended the dates to the President.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister Anant Kumar and Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu are members of the Committee.
HRD Minister Smriti Irani and Ministers of state for Parliamentary Affairs Prakash Javadekar and Santosh Gangwar are special invitees to the Committee.
The month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for Private Members' business.
" A total of 67 bills - 59 in Rajya Sabha and eight in Lok Sabha - are pending and the government will push for passage of at least 30 to 35 legislations," a senior minister said.
This will be the second major session since the Narendra Modi Government took over in May.
"The long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in Lok Sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new House. We expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session," said an official at Parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th Lok Sabha polls on May 16.
Average number of sittings in the past five Winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, source said.

Hindustan Unilever Q2 net profit rises 8.13%Hindustan Unilever reports 8.13% rise in Q2 profit, at Rs 988.16 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 15:56 IST
FMCG giant Hindustan Unilever (HUL) on Monday reported a 8.13 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 988.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The company has reported net profit of Rs 913.8 crore in the corresponding period of 2013-14, the company said in a BSE filing.
HUL's net sales during the quarter stood at Rs 7,465.54 crore, up 10.64 per cent compared to Rs 6,747.2 crore during the same period last year.
Overall expenses in Q2 stood at Rs 6,473.68 crore, as against Rs 5,871.25 crore in the year-ago period.
The HUL scrip was trading at Rs 736 apiece in the afternoon trade, down 2.89 per cent on the BSE.

Rupee snaps four-session rally  ends 3 paise downRupee snaps four-session rally, ends 3 paise down
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 18:41 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Indian rupee on Monday snapped a four-session rally and softened by three paise to end at 61.30 against the Greenback on dollar demand from oil importers amid weakness in local equities.
A better dollar overseas ahead of two-day monetary policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve starting on Tuesday and slowing capital inflows also weighed negatively on the market.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency resumed strong at 61.19 a dollar from last Wednesday's close of 61.27 and immediately touched a high of 61.18 following initial rally in local stocks.
Later, it met with strong resistance in line with fall in domestic equities amid fresh month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to day's low of 61.36 before settling at 61.30, a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
In the previous four trading sessions, the rupee had risen by 56 paise or 0.91 per cent. The Forex market was closed on October 23 and 24 on account of holidays.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, which was up by nearly 144 points in early stages, fell back and closed down by 98.15 points or 0.37 per cent. FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth Rs 12.38 crore last on Thursday as per provisional data.
The dollar index was up by a marginal 0.03 per cent against its six major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: "Monday Rupee opened on a strong note taking cues from local equities. As the day progressed, rupee lost his way and closed in red due to month end dollar buying pressure from oil marketing companies. The trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80."
"We believe that the Rupee could remain weak as importers could continue to purchase Dollars for the month-end payments for defense and oil imports," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections break Aamir Khan s  Dhoom 3  recordShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections push 'Dhoom 3' into No 2 spot
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
 

Small car segment will never be the same again: Santro  Spark to hit end of the roadProduction of Hyundai Santro and Chevrolet Spark to hit end of the road
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 28 Oct, 2014, 07.30AM IST
Tweet
The final lot of Hyundai Santro units will roll out in the last week of November, GM is expected to end production of Chevrolet Spark in December.
MUMBAI: Hyundai Motor will soon stop producing the Santro, the South Korean automaker's launch model in India that has become a synonym for the company and earned the country the label of a small-car manufacturing hub. Another hatchback that was once popular in the local market, the Chevrolet Spark , is also nearing the end of its life cycle. The final batch of Santros will roll out of the assembly line in the last week of November, while GM is expected to end production of the Spark in December, said people with knowledge of their plans.
The Santro and, to a lesser extent, the Spark in its previous avatar as the Daewoo Matiz were the first to challenge the hegemony of Maruti Suzuki (then Maruti Udyog) cars in the Indian market. With their manufacturers now planning to pull the plug on these models, the entire first generation of entry-level cars will be gone. Maruti stopped producing the M800, its first model, and the Zen that competed directly with the Santro and Matiz some time ago. Since its launch in October 1998, Hyundai has sold more than 1.36 million Santros in India and exported another 5,35,000.
GM has sold over 1,65,000 units of the Spark in seven years since taking over the car portfolio of Daewoo. "We affirm Santro is in production and is a part of our portfolio of 10 brands and is available at all dealerships for sale and has strong fan following," a Hyundai Motor India spokesman said when asked whether it is going to stop production of the model in November. GM India vice-president P Balendran said the company hasn't made a decision yet.
Sources said the companies now believe that the models have reached the end of their life cycle. Hyundai is looking to also free up capacity to manufacture more units of its newer models, said people with knowledge of the company's plans. Despite its portfolio getting expanded, the Santro is one of the strong brands in Hyundai Motor India's portfolio still, selling an average 2,900 units a month.
"The versatility of the Indian market is unmatched, where newly launched vehicles trail off volumes rapidly and a decade-old vehicle churns out strong numbers," said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive. "The life cycles of all these vehicles are longer than expected due to strong demand forces. If the vehicle proves its worth in the eyes of the consumer, the consumer demand forces the manufacturer to continue with the vehicle."
While the likes of Ford Motor, Honda Motor and General Motors entered India more or less at the same time, it was Hyundai which posed any real threat to Maruti. At a time when the Santro was launched, the market had also seen high-profile launches of the Daewoo Matiz and Tata Indica. The demand for the Santro was so high that Hyundai started making cash profits within seven months of launch, said BVR Subbu, one of the key architects in establishing the brand in India.
"It has never happened before (an automaker breaking into profit in seven months) and it will never happen ever again," said Subbu, who left the company in 2006 as its India president and is now an industry consultant. "The management would have been happy with 1,00,000 volumes in five years, whereas Hyundai sold over a million vehicles in seven years."
If the Maruti 800 started the automobile revolution in India in the 1980s, industry experts say the Hyundai Santro had taken it to another level. Hyundai adopted the strategy of sourcing one part from one vendor, instead of relying on multiple suppliers for a single component. That allowed the company to extract firm commitments from vendors on volumes — there was a clause of compensation in case they failed to meet the commitment. At the time of the Santro launch, each of Hyundai dealerships was equipped with a quality paintshop, which was a rarity among competition at the time, to ensure better services to customers.
Santro was the first car to make its global launch in India. Hyundai exported it to the markets of South Korea, Europe and the US from India. The launch of the Santro in India had come at a critical juncture for Hyundai. South Korea was going through one of the deepest economic crises, and the company's endeavour to make an entry into Canadian market did not go as desired. In India, banks were not willing to lend to the company and advertising agencies were not forthcoming.
KV Kamath, then head of ICICI, visited the company's factory before making adecision on lending funds, Subbu said. Hyundai got the loan, but at 7.5 percentage points higher than the market rate. Tata Motors around the same time secured funding at just half a percentage point over the market rate.

Duplex sea-facing flat in Mumbai sold for Rs...You are here: Home > Collections
HSBC buys duplex for Rs 60 crore in South Mumbai locality
Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
CEO
(HSBC has bought a luxury…)
MUMBAI: HSBC has bought a luxury duplex apartment overlooking the Arabian Sea in south Mumbai's Mahalaxmi locality for around Rs 60 crore, said two persons familiar with the development, making it one of the most expensive such purchases in the country. While the hottest property market in the country does have apartments valued at Rs 100 crore under construction, this is the highest reported transaction for a flat so far in terms of absolute numbers.
"The deal is concluded and the registration was done recently. Total consideration for the apartment also includes stamp duty and registration charges," said one of the persons mentioned above. The 8,000 sq ft apartment located in the Raheja Viverea development overlooks the Mahalaxmi racecourse and golf course has been bought by the bank to house its India chief executive officer, currently Stuart Milne.
On the basis of built-up area, the deal is valued at Rs 75,000 per sq ft. Going by carpet area—5,000 sq ft—it's almost Rs 1.10 lakh per sq ft. The deal is in the list of costliest transactions on a per sq ft basis on both these measures. The apartment is located on the 40th and 41st floors—the top two—of one of the three wings of the complex, which was completed in 2012. HSBC bought the apartment directly from developer K Raheja Corp.
HSBC India declined to comment as did the transaction advisor CBRE. Although the realty market has been sluggish for nearly two years, high-value deals have continued to defy the trend in the last few quarters. In one such trans action, private equity firm Xander's founder and chairman Siddharth Yog bought a sea-facing apartment at the famous Samudra Mahal building in Worli for Rs 40.5 crore.
Last year, another sea-facing duplex apartment in a building on Mount Pleasant Road in south Mumbai's Malabar Hill locality was sold for Rs 57 crore, or around Rs 1.35 lakh a sq ft, making it the most expensive residential property transaction on a per sq ft basis.
Several high-profile figures from the corporate world are among those who have homes in Raheja Viverea, which is spread across eight acres. They include HDFC vice-chairman and CEO Keki Mistry and private equity firm KKR's CEO Sanjay Nayar. The missions of Germany, Australia and Canada also own apartments in the complex. Johnson & Johnson and Mondelez India Foods Ltd (formerly Cadbury India) have also bought apartments there for their respective CEOs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Malaysia s Anwar makes final appeal in sodomy casePUTRAJAYA, Malaysia, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 08:32 IST
Malaysia's Anwar makes final appeal in sodomy case
AP
Malaysia's opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim is surrounded by supporters and members of the media as he arrives at the Palace of Justice for his final appeal against a conviction for sodomy in Putrajaya on Tuesday. Photo: Reuters
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
Malaysia’s top court on Tuesday began hearing a final appeal filed by opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim against a sodomy conviction widely regarded as politically motivated.
Anwar was sentenced to five years in prison in March on charges of sodomizing a male aide in 2008 after the appeals court overturned an earlier acquittal.
Critics say the case is part of a campaign by Malaysia’s coalition government to silence its most potent threat.
“This trial is so unjust, said Anwar’s wife, Wan Azizah Wan Ismail outside the courtroom. “We hope and pray that justice will be served, not just for Anwar but for all Malaysians.”
Sodomy, even consensual, is a crime in Muslim-majority Malaysia and is punishable by up to 20 years in prison.
Anwar would also be banned from running for office for five years from the day he is released from jail.
A verdict is expected Wednesday.
Prime Minister Najib Razak’s political party has ruled Malaysia since independence in 1957 but faces declining support.
Anwar led a three-party alliance to unprecedented gains in 2008 elections and made further inroads in 2013 polls. Najib’s National Front coalition won with a slimmer majority and lost the popular vote to the opposition.
Anwar was previously imprisoned for six years after being ousted as deputy prime minister in 1998 on earlier charges of sodomizing his former family driver and abusing his power. He was freed in 2004 after Malaysia’s top court quashed that sodomy conviction.
“Malaysia’s sodomy law seems to exist chiefly to persecute Anwar Ibrahim,” said Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch. “This drawn-out political theatre has long been exposed as an attempt by the government to take Malaysia’s most senior opposition leader out of political contention.”
The U.S. government has expressed concerns about the legal moves against Anwar.

Maharashtra CM to be named today  Sena woos BJP to be part of new governmentMaharashtra CM to be named today; Sena woos BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 01:51 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:10 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
With the Bharatiya Janata Party all set to elect its chief ministerial candidate on Tuesday, a cornered Shiv Sena is making last-ditch efforts to patch up with it and join the ministry that will take office on October 31. Within the BJP itself, it was clear Devendra Fadnavis was set to be CM though murmurs of dissent continued.
Devendra Fadnavis
The BJP, which is busy finalizing its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena’s demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
Two senior Sena leaders, Subhash Desai and Anil Desai, in New Delhi on Monday met Union petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan who has been authorized by BJP president Amit Shah to talk to the estranged ally. Late in the evening, senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde met Shah to apprise him of the State BJP’s views on getting the Sena aboard.
 
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear in the morning when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
 
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government. The Nationalist Congress Party weakened the Sena’s case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote. Pawar on Monday told HT that his party was yet to take decision on abstaining from voting but he did not see any hurdles to the BJP forming the government.
 
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it. The Sena, with 63 MLAs, has said it would support the BJP that won 122 seats in the 288-member assembly. One BJP MLA, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP’s tally is around 135.
 
The Sena leaders have pinned their hopes on the BJP’s national leadership; they see the state BJP leaders as roadblocks to a post-poll alliance. Tawde denied this was true and said the Sena needed to drop its conditions first. The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths, but later scaled down its demand to 10. It also wants key portfolios including home or finance. The BJP is not willing to give the Sena more than five berths and no key portfolios.
 
The BJP is prepared to run a minority government. It will elect its CM candidate, most probably state  president Devendra Fadnavis, who has the backing of the party bosses, on Tuesday, despite protests by senior leader Eknath Khadse. The leader from north Maharashtra told media persons on Monday that he was still in the race and no name was approved in advance by the party bosses. Earlier, union minister Nitin Gadkari’s camp had demanded that he be made the CM. But Gadkari has withdrawn from the race and backed Fadnavis.    
 
On Tuesday, central observers union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy will attend a meeting of the party’s newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to October 31 so that prime minister Narendra Modi can attend. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Black money list out; govt discloses 8 names to Supreme CourtCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
Dabur said that Pradip Burman’s account was opened when he was a non-resident Indian, Lodhya denied having a foreign bank account, and Radha Timblo said she needed to study the affidavit before reacting.
“The intention of the present government is clear and unambiguous. The government is keen to unearth black money held abroad and for that purpose it will use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigative agencies to obtain information that can assist in such unearthing,” the Centre said in the affidavit.
Read: BJP calls black money affidavit historic, Cong claims blackmail
 
The Congress asked the Modi administration to refrain from “political titillation and playing games”, calling for disclosure of names of all those who had illicit money abroad.
“They are the government. They control ministries and departments. They should act....Do not play games,” said party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi.
Monday’s affidavit was filed by the income tax (I-T) department in response to a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking that the government take action to bring back India’s black money, estimated by some at nearly $500 billion.
Read:  Govt trying to protect politicians, businessmen, says Ram Jethmalani
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu will hear the black money case on Tuesday. The government is seeking that the court modify an earlier order insisting that all names be revealed; its view is that names should be disclosed only after prosecution is launched against the tax evaders.
The affidavit said that the prosecution against Burman began after the government received information against him from French authorities. It was silent on the sources of information on the others.
The government also informed the court that Switzerland had assured its cooperation, including reaching a treaty on automatic exchange of information with India. It said Swiss authorities had agreed to assist India in obtaining confirmation of genuineness of bank documents.
HT had on last Wednesday reported the Centre was likely to tell the apex court names of people against whom strong evidence exists of stashing away black money in Swiss banks.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is moving fast to repatriate hundreds of billions of dollars in slush funds or black money stashed abroad, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team , headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
According to PTI, the Union government told the apex court that Switzerland had indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases probed by the income tax department.
Information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established, the government said.
Even though the government pointed out that it had no intention to withhold names of people who have stashed black money, it also said such names could not be disclosed unless there was prima facie evidence of wrongdoing.
The Centre also noted that every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal.
Earlier, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government had told the Supreme Court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
The previous UPA government had submitted the names of 18 persons who had illegally stashed away money in Liechtenstein to the Supreme Court.
It had come under flak after it opposed the Supreme Court’s direction to set-up a special investigation team (SIT) and its review petition against the court’s verdict was dismissed. The SIT was finally set up by the Modi government within days of its taking over at the Centre.
(With inputs from agencies)

Drunks triggered riots in Delhi s Trilokpuri: copsComments
The violent clashes in east Delhi’s Trilokpuri last week were not communal in nature but were accidentally triggered by five drunken teenagers and sustained by a series of unfortunate events, police said on Monday.
RAF jawans pass by a stock of bricks which were supposed to be used for pelting by the miscreants during the communal riots at Trilok Puri. (Mohd Zakir/ Hindustan Times)
Five FIRs – one for every single day of the clashes that began on Thursday – have been registered as 73 people including 56 policemen were wounded.
The police reports, three of which have been accessed by HT, were based on the “most-quoted version” of testimonies from witnesses, community leaders and elders, police said, reconstructing the chain of events that kicked off on Diwali night.
The five teenagers, three Muslims and two Hindus, were drinking in a car parked near a Mata ki Chowki – a Hindu religious event –close to what used to be a garbage dump at around 8pm on Thursday, the reports said.
“The boys were drinking almost in full public view. So, a few passers-by reprimanded them for consuming alcohol near a place of worship and asked them to leave,” said Sanjay Beniwal, joint commissioner of police (eastern range). “While driving away, one of the boys hurled an empty liquor bottle near the gate of the pandal in retaliation.”
While police say the bottle probably landed near the gate purely by accident, given the fact that the boys were in a moving vehicle at the time, those gathered at the event thought it was deliberate.
Read: The curious case of Trilokpuri violence
A group of Hindu residents then marched up to a local mosque and pelted it with stones which led to minor scuffles and the resulting tension. A contingent of “outside goons” was summoned the next evening following a meeting at the residence of a local politician, who has not been named in any FIR, police said.
These goons, according to a police report, took to rioting on Friday evening – damaging government property and parked vehicles – while Muslim residents ducked inside their homes.
But, a short circuit led to a Muslim trader’s garments shop being gutted on Saturday morning, resulting in members of the community taking to the streets, brandishing country-made weapons and pelting Hindu properties in the area with stones, police said.
The Delhi police chief also appealed to people to not pay attention to rumours and warned against spread of misinformation.

Delhi: AAP to finalise strategy after SC hearingComments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is bracing for elections to three Delhi assembly seats slated to be held on November 25. The seats fell vacant after three BJP MLAs were elected to the Lok Sabha earlier this year.
Sources say that the party may or may not field candidates who had fought the 2013 assembly elections in the poll-bound constituencies- Krishna Nagar, Mehrauli and Tughlakabad.
The leaders who were elected to the Lok Sabha are Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Parvesh Sahib Singh.
Durgesh Pathak, an AAP strategist, said, “Officially, we will unveil our strategy once we know what happens in the Supreme Court tomorrow. We have held two reviews of the three seats. There were issues in 12-15 polling booths and we have addressed them. The whole Delhi unit and all volunteers will work towards ensuring party’s victory.”
The Supreme Court has asked the Centre to come clean whether Delhi gets an alternative government or goes in for fresh elections. The state is in its eighth month of President’s Rule after the AAP government resigned in February this year. The court will hear the matter on Tuesday.
In case of fresh polls, the Election Commission will withdraw its Saturday notification for by-polls. 
Whatever may be the result of the by-polls next month, it will not break the current deadlock in the Delhi assembly. Even if a single party wins all three seats it is unlikely that it will have enough seats (36) to be able to form a government.
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs. AAP has 27 members and the Congress, eight.
“These three seats have remained neglected after BJP’s MLAs were elected to Parliament. We’re confident of a good show,” said an AAP leader.
Between the 2013 assembly elections and the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, AAP’s performance has improved as far as votes in two assembly seats are concerned.
“Though Assembly and Lok Sabha polls are fought on different issues, the 2014 performance shows AAP is ahead of BJP in Tughlakabad and Mehrauli,” said Pathak. 
AAP has reasons to be hopeful. BSP’s Sahi Ram who lost to BJP’s Ramesh Bidhuri only by about 6,000 votes Tughlakabad has since joined AAP. In Mehrauli, AAP candidate Narender Singh Sejwal lost to BJP’s Pravesh Verma only by 4,564 votes.
Krishna Nagar, earlier won by now union health minister Harsh Vardhan, may prove to be the toughest seat for AAP. The party came third and even the Lok Sabha performance shows it is lagging way behind BJP.

Wipro to deploy 10k team for open source initiativesYou are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
Wipro to deploy 10,000 strong team for open source initiatives
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 03.48AM IST
Tags:
Citigroup
(Wipro is investing  to…)
BANGALORE: Wipro is investing big money in setting up a separate business practice for open source and plans to have at least a 10,000 strong team, driven largely by changes in technological space and some of its largest clients, including Citigroup , running largely on non-proprietary software .
Significantly, the country's third-largest software exporter estimates that by embracing this now-universal practice of open source, Wipro will be able to implement projects faster and bring down its own operating costs by up to 20% over the coming two years.
"We cannot say we will be done in 12 or 24 months," said Andrew Aitken, founder of the industry's first strategic consultancy think-tank on Open Source and hired by Wipro last month to help the company embrace Open Source on a broad enterprise level.
In an interview to ET, Aitken said that costs savings are difficult to peg a number but up to "20% cost savings are achievable over 18 or 26 months". Last week, while announcing Wipro's second quarter results, CEO TK Kurien said that the company is making significant investments in building advisory capability and creation of IP to gain industry leadership in this space.
Wipro's open source practice has been made under its Business Application Services division, under which the company intends to build open source platforms that enable online services on a large scale.
The company will shift its focus to applications, infrastructure, including operating systems, databases, cloud technologies and software defined infrastructure. Significantly, in the Product Engineering space, Wipro believes licensable IP blocks will help shrink product development timelines.
"This targeted attention is paying off as we scored 8 major wins in this quarter," said Kurien, declining to share the investments the company intends to make.
Globally, companies cutting across sectors are increasingly adopting open source technology to address their information technology requirements and thereby eliminating high licensing costs and vendor lock-ins. Open source technologies improve IT application adaptability, helping cut costs, forcing the homegrown IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, to strengthen their offerings in open source.
For this reason, some experts believe, Wipro's push into open source is also an attempt by the country's third-largest company to catch up with its rivals, including TCS, which already has an Open Source practice, and Infosys that has a partnership with Red Hat, one of world's leading open source provider. However, they remain sceptical if this push will yield the desired results.
"Unless there is some specific IP being created by Wipro, I struggle to see where the differentiation is meant to come from or what the new approach is meant to be," said Tom Reuner, an analyst at a Londonbased IT research firm Ovum. "Players like IBM have been at the forefront of this for years and I haven't picked up anything materially new for a while."
Aitken said that two triggers for growing adoption of open source platform, in addition to cost saving, is the legacy migration from traditional proprietary vendors to open source and rising deployment of cloud models, analytics and the rapidly coming up Internet of Things (IoT).
By the year 2020, 50 billion intelligent devices will connect to and exchange information over the Internet, fuelling the need of a common adoption of open source technologies, estimates BlackDuck, a Massachusetts-based consultancy championing the adoption of open source.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Express 5: Govt discloses 8 names in SC; Sheila Dikshits take on NarendraModiPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:36 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:45 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Black money case
The government on Monday disclosed in the Supreme Court eight more names against whom it has initiated prosecution under the Income Tax Act for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
2. Trilokpuri riots
A lane in Trilokpuri littered with bricks and broken glass, in New Delhi on Monday. (PRAVEEN KHANNA)
A former BJP MLA, Sunil Vaid, has been asked to clarify his role in connection with the riots which broke out in Trilokpuri, East Delhi, last week. Police sources said their investigations revealed that Vaid held a “closed door conference” with his supporters at his office on Friday morning, just before the violence escalated.
3. Sheila Dikshit on Modi
Sheila Dikshit
It is not a description that many in her own party may agree with. But Congress veteran, former Kerala Governor and ex-CM of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit, has revealed that when she met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in July, she “saw a confident man, with a vision” and “a new language”.
4. OPINION
PM Narendra Modi’s meeting with journalists is being termed Diwali Milan. (Source: PTI photo)
It is quite evident that the Indian electorate wants to give Prime Minister Narendra Modi a chance to fulfil the promises he has made and immense expectations he has created.
5. SPORTS
Varun Aaron sigjned for Durham county and will be available (Source:
For generations, Indian batsmen, battered and bruised by heavy shelling from the opposing pace barrage, have stood in the slips and fantasised about some day having a tearaway fast bowler on their side to give it back. One who could fight fire with fire on their behalf. One like Varun Aaron.

Sensex opens in green; banks  cap goods  pharma upYou are here: Home > Collections > Kospi
Sensex opens in green; banks, cap goods, pharma up
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 09.30AM IST
(The Nifty was at 8,009.05,…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex opened on a positive note led by gains in banks, capital goods and pharmaceuticals even as the Asian markets remained mixed ahead of the US Federal Reserve meet.
"The outlook is a flat start. It could remain positive initially but some selling could set in later in the day. Whether it manages to bounce back and close above the 8000 mark, remains to be seen. The coming days will have global investors eyeing the Fed's announcement," said IIFL report.
At 09:16 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,820.82, up 67.92 points or 0.25 per cent. It touched a high of 26,833.90 and a low of 26,785.89 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,009.05, up 17.35 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched a high of 8,013.70 and a low of 7,999.65 in trade today.
"The Nifty has now met with our target of 8,050 and hence, it's advisable to lighten up the position until the next technical development happens. Going forward, we expect the Nifty to consolidate in a range of 8,050 to 7,900. Meanwhile, it's advisable to continue with a stock specific approach," said Angel Broking note
The S&P BSE Midcap Index gained 0.16 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index was 0.27 per cent higher.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Bankex was up 0.56 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index was 0.57 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Healthcare Index rose 0.40 per cent.
The S&P BSE Realty Index was 0.22 per cent lower, the S&P BSE Power Index slipped 0.05 per cent and the S&P BSE FMCY Index declined 0.03 per cent.
GAIL (up 1.65 per cent), Wipro (up 1.37 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 1.37 per cent), L&T (up 1.08 per cent) and Sun Pharma (up 0.95 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
Coal India (1.05 per cent), Reliance (0.87 per cent), BHEL (0.71 per cent), HUL (0.61 per cent) and Bajaj Auto (0.46 per cent) were among the top Sensex losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 686 gainers against 263 losers.
The Asian markets were mixed as traders chose to keep their positions light ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve's two-day meeting.
The Nikkei 225 index was 0.78 per cent lower, Kospi index was down 0.31 and Strait Times declined 0.47 per cent. The Shanghai Composite was 1.09 per cent higher and the Hang Seng gained 0.50 per cent.
Meanwhile, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.07 per cent, the S&P 500 slipped 0.15 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite declined 0.05 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goldman Cuts Brent Forecast by $15 for 2015You are here: Home Commodities
Goldman Slashes 2015 Oil Price Forecast
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 12:43 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Tokyo: Goldman Sachs has slashed its 2015 oil price forecasts, making it the most bearish among major financial institutions, following a near 25 per cent fall in crude prices over the past five months.
The US investment bank said rising output will outstrip demand - with its forecast weighing further on benchmark Brent crude prices - as forecasters generally pare back estimates for oil due to global growth, a strengthening dollar and ample supplies.
Goldman analysts said in a report released late on Sunday that it expects US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI)crude to fall to $75 a barrel and Brent to $85 a barrel in the first quarter of 2015, both down $15 a barrel from its previous forecast.
WTI could fall as low as $70 in the second quarter and Brent as low as $80, when oversupply would be the most pronounced, before returning to first-quarter levels, Goldman said.
Goldman's projections contrast with those of Standard Chartered Bank's oil analyst Paul Horsnell, known for having called the market's long rally a decade ago, who is sticking with a more bullish bias.
Last week, Horsnell and his team cut their first quarter Brent forecast to $98, but pared back their forecast for calendar 2015 by just $5 to $105 a barrel.
Brent crude futures dipped 0.2 per cent on Monday to below $86 a barrel, extending their decline despite a continued easing of worries over the global economic recovery, said Tomomichi Akuta, senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Research & Consulting.
"I personally think prices have room for declines though not as steep as Goldman," Akuta said.
NYMEX crude for December delivery was up 4 cents at $81.05 a barrel by 0104 GMT, after settling down $1.08 on Friday following a spike up on Thursday.
Rising output
Goldman said production outside OPEC countries was expected to accelerate, led by Brazil and drilling in the Gulf of Mexico with the end of extensive deep-water maintenance following the 2010 Macondo disaster.
Non OPEC-production outside the US Lower 48 states is forecast to increase by 412,000 bpd this year, 573,000 bpd in 2015 and 505,000 bpd in 2016.
Output from Brazil's Santos basin is forecast to start to pick up, increasing Brazilian output by 206,000 barrel per day (bpd) in 2014 and 325,000 bpd next year. Gulf of Mexico production is expected to increase by 155,000 bpd in 2015.
Among OPEC countries, Iraqi production is seen increasing by 200,000 bpd and Libya's output stabilising at about 700,000 bpd, compared with recent production of about 900,000 bpd.
Iranian production and exports are unlikely to see further growth because Goldman analysts do not expect a resolution to the country's nuclear dispute with the West by the November 24 deadline, meaning sanctions on Tehran will not be lifted.
On the demand side, growth has only averaged 630,000 barrels per day year-on-year so far, less than half Goldman's initial forecast for 2014, the report said.
Global economic growth is forecast by Goldman analysts to increase to 3.5 per cent next year but there is a "risk that the historical relationship between global GDP growth and oil demand has weakened," the report said.
Shale impact
In the United States, rising shale production is having ever more far reaching consequences for global energy flows and eroding OPEC's pricing power, Goldman said.
"US shale is the marginal swing barrel in the new order," Goldman said, adding that a slowdown in production will happen when WTI falls to $75 per barrel.
"US shale oil production has continued to surprise to the upside with US domestic oil prices incentivizing strong investment," the report said.
Once prices fall and US production slows, Goldman expects cutbacks among OPEC producers including Saudi Arabia, which has been content to let prices fall in the hope of forcing US shale producers out of the market.
"Any near-term OPEC production cut will be modest until there is sufficient evidence of a slow-down in US shale oil production growth," the report said
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

NSEL Crisis: Government Mulls Board Changes for Merged Entity  Says ReportInvestor Awareness Programmes Need to Focus on Quality: UK Sinha
New Delhi: After ordering merger of crisis-hit NSEL with parent firm Financial Technologies to help affected investors get their dues, the government is starting a process to assess compensation amounts and is also considering a proposal to make changes to the Board of the merged entity.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry last week unveiled a proposal to merge NSEL -- which has been embroiled in an over Rs 5,600 crore payment crisis -- with Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd.
Sources said the ministry would now start a process of assessing the compensation amount to be given to affected investors and a chartered accountant entity might be appointed in this regard.
Besides, the possibility of completely or partially replacing the FTIL board would also be looked into, sources said, adding that these proposals are being considered after taking into account suggestions made by the commodity sector regulator FMC (Forward Markets Commission) and other government departments.
This is the first time that the ministry has invoked a clause in the Companies Act for a forced merger in the private sector due to "public interest", while a takeover of FTIL board, if it happens, would be the first such development since the Satyam case in 2009.
In Satyam case, the scandal-hit IT firm was later sold to Tech Mahindra through a government-monitored auction.
Post-merger, FTIL would take over all the liabilities of National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), including payments due to be paid to investors and others to help in repayment process.
Soon after the government's amalgamation order on October 21, FTIL had said in a brief statement that it "is taking appropriate steps in the matter in consultation with the legal Counsel of the company".
No immediate comments could be obtained from FTIL on the proposal for making changes to its Board following merger of NSEL, which itself would fructify after taking into account submissions and objections, if any, made by the shareholders and creditors of the two companies.
FTIL shares were trading nearly flat at Rs 195.75 in morning trade after paring their opening trade gains.
The ministry's decision comes more than a year after the payment scam at NSEL came into light in July 2013. The move has been initiated taking into consideration "essential public interest" as the exchange is "not left with any viable, sustainable business while FTIL has necessary resources to facilitate speedy recovery of dues".
So far, the crisis-hit spot exchange has managed to recover only little over Rs 360 crore dues from defaulters, a part of which has been disbursed and the rest is in an escrow account. Funds worth about Rs 5,300 crore are yet to be recovered for subsequent payment to affected investors.
In its draft order for the merger, the ministry said it is of the considered opinion that the leveraged combined assets, capital and reserves for efficient administration and satisfactory settlement of rights and liabilities of stakeholders and creditors of NSEL would be in "essential public interest".
"Subject to provisions of law relating to limitation, any suit, prosecution, appeal or other legal proceedings which may be required to be filed against the dissolved company (NSEL) will be filed against the transferee company (FTIL)," the draft order said.
With regard to NSEL case, a charge-sheet has been filed by the Economic Offences Wing of the Mumbai Police against Jignesh Shah - the founder and managing director of FTIL.
Further, FTIL and related entities have come under the scanner of multiple agencies following the NSEL fiasco.
Mr Shah also had to spend time in jail before he was granted bail, even as he and FTIL Group have denied any wrongdoing on their part in the NSEL case and have put the blame on former top executives of the spot exchange, including its then CEO Anjani Sinha.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Are you in your forties Here s how to plan your investmentsTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

ONGC on the Hunt for Overseas Producing AssetsYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC on the Hunt for Overseas Producing Assets
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 13:04 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Oil and Natural Gas Corp wants to take advantage of falling oil prices to more than double its overseas output to the equivalent of 400,000 barrels per day of oil by 2018, Chairman D.K. Sarraf told Reuters on Monday.
"For meeting the short-term 2018 target we would like to aggressively go for producing assets because you can't acquire an exploration block and then make it produce in such a short time," Mr Sarraf said in a telephone interview.
Global oil prices hit a four-year low at below $83 a barrel earlier this month, hitting valuations of oil explorers.
India is the world's fourth-biggest oil consumer, importing four-fifths of its needs as its own output shrinks.
The government, which is preparing to float a $3 billion stake in ONGC, wants state firms to secure energy assets abroad to reduce the exposure of Asia's third-largest economy to supply risks.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Honda recalls over 2 300 cars to replace airbag inflatorUpdated: October 27, 2014 18:41 IST
Honda recalls over 2,300 cars to replace airbag inflator
N. Ravi Kumar
A file photo of Honda Brio.
TOPICS
cars
Honda Cars will carry out preventive replacement of driver side airbag inflator of 1,040 units of Brio, 1,235 units of Amaze and 63 units of CR-V manufactured between September 2011 and July 2014.
This is part of Honda’s global recall regarding a possible incorrect assembly of the baffle plate in the inflator,” according to a press release from Honda Cars India Ltd (HCIL).
The part replacement is part of a global exercise by Honda Motor Company to “ensure stringent quality standards for its products,” the release said.
The replacement will be carried out free of cost at HCIL dealerships across India. The owners will be contacted individually. Customers can check whether their car is covered under the campaign by submitting their 17 character alpha-numeric Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on a special microsite created on www.hondacarindia.com.
On the reasons for the replacement, the company said in case of certain vehicles, due to incorrect assembly of baffle plate, the pressure within the inflator may rise excessively when the driver side airbag deploys in an accident or other situation, causing damage to the container.
There has been no reporting of any incident related to this part in India, the release said.

Bilawal booed off  Kashmir Million March  stage in LondonBilawal Bhutto booed off 'Kashmir Million March' stage in London
By ANI | ANI –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
Karachi, Oct 27 (ANI): Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was forced to leave the stage at the "Million March" in London when protesters reportedly started throwing water bottles, tomatoes and eggs at the leader.
The Million March was organized on Sunday to demand a just and peaceful solution to the Kashmir issue and witnessed thousands of protesters rallying across central London in protest against India's human rights violations in Kashmir, reported The Express Tribune.
However, protesters objected to Bhutto's presence and also chanted 'Go Bilawal Go' and 'Go Nawaz Go' as he attempted to take the stage.
The report said that Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan's nephew, Hassan Niazi, was also involved in the controversy and was detained by the UK police after the incident, according to a tweet posted from his official account.
Following the incident, the PPP Chairman's sister, Aseefa Bhutto Zardari, tweeted that her brother is safe and alleged that Indian agents tried to stop him from speaking but they did not succeed. (ANI)
Recommend

Black money list: Ram Jethmalani slams Narendra Modi govt  says stand worse than Manmohan Singh s UPAE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Srisailam power generation: A tricky inter-state issueSrisailam power generation: A tricky inter-state issue
V.Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 24:  
The power generation at major hydel reservoirs of Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar on the Krishna river has taken political twist between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, with accusations of depriving their rightful share of water and power.
With Telengana Government taking a firm stand on generating power in spite of objections by AP, the latter has knocked at the Krishna River Water Management Board to intervene and resolve the issue.
According to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, the generation of power at the Srisailam would drain out water from the reservoir as it is necessary to maintain water level at a minimum draw down level to supply drinking water to the Rayalaseema region by Andhra Pradesh.
Telangana Irrigation Minister has stated that AP has used up more than 60 tmc of water from Srisailm and is now seeking to deny their rightful use of water including power generation.
But for Telangana, lack of power generation from Srisailam is seen to impact the farm sector operation, now at advanced Kharif season. The power supply is used to energise pumpsets.
The growing strain between the two states on the power generation leading to loss of water, with far reaching impact on drinking water and also on supply of power, has lead to protests by leaders from both the States. While members have been agitating in AP over power generation, leaders in Telangana have voiced concern accusing AP of denying them their rightful share.
The trouble started after the Hudhud cyclone resulted in lower power generation and supply to Telangana, already faced with severe demand-supply mismatch, where industries are subjected to two-day power holiday per week and domestic consumers face huge power cuts.
At the Srisailam dam, hydel power units located on either side of the bank of 770 mw and 900 mw are shared by the two States. With the water level gradually coming down to 858 feet due to power generation, as against full reservoir level of 885 ft, AP raised alarm bells, leading to stoppage of power generation located in their units.
This was opposed by Telangana as it felt that AP was doing this deliberately and has also asked them to stop generation. In fact, AP has called upon Telangana to stop generation from their units too.
As per the arrangements and earlier Government orders, priority would be accorded to drinking water, followed by irrigation and then power generation. Earlier this year, it was agreed by both the States to adhere to earlier orders in terms of water release and power generation.
With Telangana firm on power generation from the Srisailam Left Bank Canal, a regional issue before AP’s division has now become a tricky Inter-State political issue needing the Board’s intervention.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Equity Funds Continue Buoyant Run in September Quarter: CrisilIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Mumbai: Equity funds have continued their buoyant run in the quarter ended September 2014, riding on small and mid-cap stocks, data from Crisil showed.
Small and midcap funds were in the best performing category, with the Crisil-AMFI Small & Midcap Fund Performance Index delivering highest returns in all time frames ended September 30, 2014, a Crisil release said in Mumbai on Monday.
The category delivered absolute returns of 7.74 per cent for the quarter, compared to the Crisil-AMFI Equity Fund Performance Index's 4.39 per cent and the CNX Nifty's 4.64 per cent.
As on September 30 too, the category gave an impressive 50.07 per cent as the CNX Midcap Index and the CNX Small Cap Index delivered 41.47 per cent and 45.27 per cent, respectively, compared to the CNX Nifty's 26.35 per cent, the release said.
Across equity categories, funds with higher exposure to small and mid-cap stocks fared better than their peers.
For instance, Crisil Fund Rank 1s (top 10 percentile of all ranked schemes) of small and midcap category had 89 per cent exposure to small and mid-cap stocks compared with 79 per cent of Crisil Fund Rank 5 peers (bottom 10 per cent of all ranked schemes.
Even in the diversified and large cap categories, exposure to small and midcap stocks in Crisil Fund Rank 1 funds of large cap and diversified category increased gradually from 15 to 22 per cent and 36 to 40 per cent respectively during the period between January 2014 and September 2014, the release said.
At the fund house level, UTI Mutual Fund led the tally of top-ranked funds for the quarter with ten funds in Crisil Fund Rank 1, followed by Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund, ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund and Reliance Mutual Fund with five funds each, the release said.
The latest Crisil MF Ranking covers close to 90 per cent of average assets under management of open ended schemes at the end of September 2014.
Unlike most other ranking models, which are based purely on returns or net asset value (NAV), the ranking uses a combination of net asset value (NAV) and portfolio-based attributes for evaluation.
This provides a single-point analysis of mutual funds, taking into consideration key parameters like risk-adjusted returns, asset concentration, liquidity, asset quality and asset size.
The rankings also include categories that focus specifically on long-term consistency in performance. The ranks are assigned on a scale of 1 to 5, with Crisil Fund Rank 1 indicating 'very good performance'.
In any peer group, the top 10 percentile of funds are ranked as Crisil Fund Rank 1 and the next 20 percentile as Crisil Fund Rank 2.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 22:56 (IST)

Bharti Infratel profit rises 68%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Using cash & pressure  China builds chip industryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt has full info on 75 cases in HSBC listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt revises head-hunting procedure for state-run banksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian economy lost Rs 50 000 crore on iron ore mining banYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian economy lost Rs 50,000 crore on iron ore mining ban
Anindya Upadhyay, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Indian economy around Rs 50,000 crore in…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian economy lost $8 billion (around Rs 50,000 crore) in the last two years due to ban on mining iron ore, while mineral-rich Goa alone lost Rs 3,000 crore — the state's estimate in its new mining lease policy.
The ban was lifted in April, but miners are pessimistic as they do not see a quick upturn as the international market conditions are not favourable. Also, Indian customers in the global market have turned to other suppliers, who would not easily let their customers go, industry officials said. Goa's Grant of Mining Leases Policy, 2014, says stoppage of mining also had a cascading impact on other sectors. It said the exposure of financial institutions was more than Rs 850 crore as loan/advance on mining sector to trucks, barges, machinery and small time operators.
"This has also affected...more particularly small co-operative banks, which had advanced loans... In fact, non-payment of the installments has adversely affected the financial state of the smaller co-operative banks and societies," the policy adds.
It said the impact of the ban was "vicious". "Indeed, it is a matter of record that the country on account of stoppage of mining operations, has suffered a loss of nearly $8 billion. Stoppage of the mining operations has a cascading effect of a vicious nature. Not only those who are directly involved in mining such as the mining companies, truck operators, barge transporters, mining machinery owners, but small time business / industry such as tea stalls, automobile workshop, petrol pump, consumer goods vendor, road side tyre service provider etc. have all suffered," says the new policy.
Almost a fourth of Goa's revenues come from mining, with about 1,50,000 people — 10% of the state's population — depending on the sector. The policy estimates loss of Rs 3,000 crore due to the 2012 ban on iron ore mining in the state, making the state lose out on exports of low grade iron ore, a space now occupied by Australian and Brazilian suppliers. Meanwhile, industry associations don't see any immediate pick up in mining operations even though the ban was revoked in April this year.
S Sridhar of Goa Mineral Ore Exporters Association says although mining leases are being renewed, operations will not be able to pick up immediately. "It is difficult to say when operations can finally be restarted. It can't happen before next year," Sridhar told ET over phone.
Members of an expert team associated with the government of Goa, said even though the state was quickly renewing mining leases, the glory days of 2007-08 are not going to be back soon as the current export market will not be as lucrative as it once was. "The Chinese market for iron ore has shrunk in the last couple of years and Indian supplies will no longer fetch the prices they once fetched. Further, the market has been vacated to some extent to players from other countries. Also, the market in India is not receptive to Goan ore. The party would have ended anyway. It just ended a couple of years earlier for Goa," said one of the members requesting anonymity.
According to economists, lower GDP growth in the last two years has a lot to do with mining slowdown and the activity may not pick up immediately "Manufacturing and industrial growth have been weakest in 2013-14 in the last two decades, with mining having a visible impact. Now there seems to be a flurry of activity in the sector but the effects will take time to reflect on the overall economy," said CRISIL chief economist DK Joshi.
Mining of iron ore was banned in Goa in September 2012 after findings of the justice MB Shah commission report estimated loss of Rs 35,000 crore to the exchequer due to alleged illegal mining over 12 years.
The new policy also states that the 'critical situation' arising out of the stoppage of mining operations needs to be remedied at the earliest "in order to avoid any chaos, disorder and the situation going out of control".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wipro to deploy strong team for open source ...You are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
Wipro to deploy 10,000 strong team for open source initiatives
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 03.48AM IST
Tags:
Citigroup
(Wipro is investing  to…)
BANGALORE: Wipro is investing big money in setting up a separate business practice for open source and plans to have at least a 10,000 strong team, driven largely by changes in technological space and some of its largest clients, including Citigroup , running largely on non-proprietary software .
Significantly, the country's third-largest software exporter estimates that by embracing this now-universal practice of open source, Wipro will be able to implement projects faster and bring down its own operating costs by up to 20% over the coming two years.
"We cannot say we will be done in 12 or 24 months," said Andrew Aitken, founder of the industry's first strategic consultancy think-tank on Open Source and hired by Wipro last month to help the company embrace Open Source on a broad enterprise level.
In an interview to ET, Aitken said that costs savings are difficult to peg a number but up to "20% cost savings are achievable over 18 or 26 months". Last week, while announcing Wipro's second quarter results, CEO TK Kurien said that the company is making significant investments in building advisory capability and creation of IP to gain industry leadership in this space.
Wipro's open source practice has been made under its Business Application Services division, under which the company intends to build open source platforms that enable online services on a large scale.
The company will shift its focus to applications, infrastructure, including operating systems, databases, cloud technologies and software defined infrastructure. Significantly, in the Product Engineering space, Wipro believes licensable IP blocks will help shrink product development timelines.
"This targeted attention is paying off as we scored 8 major wins in this quarter," said Kurien, declining to share the investments the company intends to make.
Globally, companies cutting across sectors are increasingly adopting open source technology to address their information technology requirements and thereby eliminating high licensing costs and vendor lock-ins. Open source technologies improve IT application adaptability, helping cut costs, forcing the homegrown IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, to strengthen their offerings in open source.
For this reason, some experts believe, Wipro's push into open source is also an attempt by the country's third-largest company to catch up with its rivals, including TCS, which already has an Open Source practice, and Infosys that has a partnership with Red Hat, one of world's leading open source provider. However, they remain sceptical if this push will yield the desired results.
"Unless there is some specific IP being created by Wipro, I struggle to see where the differentiation is meant to come from or what the new approach is meant to be," said Tom Reuner, an analyst at a Londonbased IT research firm Ovum. "Players like IBM have been at the forefront of this for years and I haven't picked up anything materially new for a while."
Aitken said that two triggers for growing adoption of open source platform, in addition to cost saving, is the legacy migration from traditional proprietary vendors to open source and rising deployment of cloud models, analytics and the rapidly coming up Internet of Things (IoT).
By the year 2020, 50 billion intelligent devices will connect to and exchange information over the Internet, fuelling the need of a common adoption of open source technologies, estimates BlackDuck, a Massachusetts-based consultancy championing the adoption of open source.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Group assures Mamata of project expansionTata Group leaves Singur behind, assures Mamata Banerjee of project expansion
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.09AM IST
Tags:
Mamata Banerjee
(Leaving the ghost of Singur…)
KOLKATA: Leaving the ghost of Singur behind, various companies of the Tata Group today said they would expand many of their existing projects in the state.
Senior executives of the Tata group companies today held a meeting with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and informed her about their plan to expand existing projects.
Asked about the 'bitter experience' of shifting of the Tata Nano car plant from Singur in 2008, Rana Sinha, one of the executives, said, "Forget the issue of the past and target the future."
In September 2008 during the previous Left Front regime, the Tatas left Singur in West Bengal and set up Tata Nano car plant at Sanand in Gujarat following an agitation by the then opposition Trinamool Congress' leader Mamata Banerjee over 'forceful' acquisition of land in the area. A case regarding this is now pending in the Supreme Court.
Singur issue was not in the agenda of the meeting, Tata Steel Processing and Distribution Ltd MD Sandipan Chakraborty said.
Chakraborty said Banerjee asked them if they were facing any problem and how the state government could assist them to overcome them.
"Such an interaction with the CM is unprecedented. The meeting was positive, optimistic and fruitful," Chakraborty, former MD of Tata Ryerson , said.
After the 90-minute long meeting, state Finance and Industry Minister Amit Mitra told reporters that Tata Group was keen on expanding many of their existing projects in the state creating more employment opportunities.
Five companies of the Tata Group have told the chief minister about their plan to invest and expand in existing projects, said Mitra who was also present at the meeting.
The Tata Group have offered employment to nearly 30,000 people in the state under various projects and they would offer more employment in near future, Mitra added.
Tatas were represented in the meeting by executives of Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery , Tata Metaliks, metaljunction and TM International Logistics (TMILL).
Though no Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) executive was present at the meeting, Mitra said TCS CEO and MD N Chandrasekaran wrote to him about its expansion plan.
Under TCS' new project at the 40 acres of land given at Rajarhat New Town, the company would create an employment opportunity for 20,000 people, Mitra said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Advanced technology to make driving cars saferTechnology to make driving safer by paving way for driverless cars
By Hari Pulakkat , ET Bureau | 28 Oct, 2014, 08.21AM IST
Tweet
ADAS is actually not a new set of technologies. Parking assistance is now almost a standard feature of cars in developed markets. 
After driving to work every morning on chaotic Indian roads, a set of engineers transports themselves to a world where lanes and signs exist to be followed strictly.
Some of them are at the Texas Instruments R&D centre in Bangalore, where they develop chips to be used in increasingly-intelligent cars in Europe and the US. Did you miss the car suddenly stopping ahead of you? No problem, the car will brake for you. Are you too lazy to change lanes to overtake another car? Relax, the car will do it for you too. Both situations demand the use of a set of emerging technologies called advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). Now in its infancy, ADAS is rapidly developing into a powerful tool that will drive automobile safety over the decade, ultimately resulting in driverless cars and creating a large business on the way for many companies.
ABI Research last year estimated that the global market for ADAS will increase from $16.1 billion a year ago to $261 billion in 2020. Other analysts have slightly lower figures, partly because of different definitions of ADAS. Frost and Sullivan puts the global market at about $5 billion and the growth rate at about 35% a year.
Although Indian cars may not have some of these technologies for some time, engineers in India are beginning to get busy developing it for European and American cars. Texas Instruments was the first to start work on ADAS in India, and it has expanded its team significantly in the last five years. Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions, which focuses more on car entertainment systems in its Bangalore R&D centre, also has a team that develops ADAS. Auto-component manufacturer Continental is putting together a set of engineers in Bangalore to develop ADAS.
Among the Indian companies, TCS and KPIT have teams that develop ADAS for European and US companies. Says VG Ramakrishnan, managing director in South Asia of automotive practice, Frost & Sullivan: "ADAS is an important component of automobile technology and will revolutionise the way we drive cars." Driverless cars are the dream of many automobile companies, and of a few industry outsiders like Google.
However, industry veterans feel that fully-autonomous cars are too complex and expensive to be used in real traffic conditions, as they would need to handle too much data and use very expensive technology. No analyst or industry insider expects driverless cars to come on even American or European roads in two or three decades, but limited autonomy is possible and has plenty of uses.
It can make driving safer and more pleasurable, especially on well-designed road networks like in Europe, Japan or the US. It has its uses even on Indian roads.

India to Set Up New Process for Appointing State Bank OfficialsIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: India decided late Monday to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
As a result, eight posts of bank chiefs and 14 posts of their deputies will fall vacant and have to be filled up "de novo", the finance ministry said in a statement, without giving further details.
The move comes months after an investigation began into whether the head of state-controlled Syndicate Bank took bribes to roll over a loan to family-controlled Bhushan Steel.
The investigation not only raised broader concerns about weak oversight, corruption and politically directed lending at state banks, but also brought into focus irregularities in appointments at the banks.
In its wake, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration set up a panel, which also included Raghuram Rajan, the governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), to examine the process adopted this fiscal year for appointing top management at state banks.
Stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - currently amount to about 10 per cent of all loans, making banks circumspect over lending. Fitch Ratings expects stressed assets to reach 14 per cent of loans by March next year.
While a sluggish economy is the main reason for a rise in distressed assets, an RBI report in August also blamed lending to certain "excessively leveraged" groups.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 08:11 (IST)

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections push  Dhoom 3  to second bestShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections push 'Dhoom 3' into No 2 spot
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
 

SoftBank buys $627 million stake in Snapdeal | Amazon to buy first Indian start-upYou are here: Home > Collections
SoftBank buys $627 million stake in online retailer Snapdeal
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(Japan's SoftBank Corp said…)
NEW DELHI: Jasper Infotech, which owns and operates online marketplace Snapdeal.com, has raised $627 million (Rs 3,845 crore) from Japanese internet, media and telecom conglomerate SoftBank, the largest single tranche investment in an Indian e-commerce company.
The investment, which closed earlier this month, will make SoftBank the largest stakeholder in Delhi-based Snapdeal, which has now raised close to a $1 billion (Rs 6,132.5 crore) in the current calendar year.
India's e-commerce sector is on fire, especially after Amazon entered the country last June. With some of the biggest retailers in the world jostling to get a piece of action in India, e-commerce companies in the country are riding a wave. For instance, while e-Bay is banking on Snapdeal, both Amazon and Walmart are pushing aggressively to conquer what is fast becoming the last frontier for them.
The investment has been made through SoftBank's recently created unit, SoftBank Internet and Media Inc (SIMI), which is headed by Nikesh Arora, who joined the company earlier this year, from technology behemoth Google, and who has been given the responsibility to aggressively scout for opportunities in emerging markets.
Arora will be joining the Snapdeal board.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper internet access, a big growth potential," Arora said in a press statement.
The company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management. To strengthen its technology efforts, it will open innovation centres across the country.
It will also look to make three to four strategic acquisitions over the next few months.
The SoftBank transaction follows Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata's investment in Snapdeal, in his personal capacity, and which was announced in August earlier this year. Prior to that, the company had raised $105 million in May and $134 million in February.
SoftBank's investment is part of a larger round, in which Snapdeal's existing investors, a list that includes, eBay, BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, PremjiInvent, the personal investment arm of Wipro Technologies chairman Azim Premji and hedge funds Myriad Asset Management and Tybourne Capital, have also participated.
Snapdeal co-founder and chief executive Kunal Bahl, however, refused to disclose the exact size of the round.
The deal marks the biggest bet taken by Masayoshi Son-led SoftBank on an Indian company., dwarfing the $200 million the investor had pumped into mobile advertising firm InMobi in 2011. Separately, SoftBank has also invested $210 million in Mumbai-based ANI Technologies, which owns and operates Olacabs, an online marketplace for cabs and car rental services.
The strategic investor, which was also an early backer of Yahoo, has a trophy investment in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba. Its stake in Alibaba was worth more than $70 billion when the company listed in New York last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Production of Santro  Spark to hit end of th...Production of Hyundai Santro and Chevrolet Spark to hit end of the road
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 28 Oct, 2014, 07.30AM IST
Tweet
The final lot of Hyundai Santro units will roll out in the last week of November, GM is expected to end production of Chevrolet Spark in December.
MUMBAI: Hyundai Motor will soon stop producing the Santro, the South Korean automaker's launch model in India that has become a synonym for the company and earned the country the label of a small-car manufacturing hub. Another hatchback that was once popular in the local market, the Chevrolet Spark , is also nearing the end of its life cycle. The final batch of Santros will roll out of the assembly line in the last week of November, while GM is expected to end production of the Spark in December, said people with knowledge of their plans.
The Santro and, to a lesser extent, the Spark in its previous avatar as the Daewoo Matiz were the first to challenge the hegemony of Maruti Suzuki (then Maruti Udyog) cars in the Indian market. With their manufacturers now planning to pull the plug on these models, the entire first generation of entry-level cars will be gone. Maruti stopped producing the M800, its first model, and the Zen that competed directly with the Santro and Matiz some time ago. Since its launch in October 1998, Hyundai has sold more than 1.36 million Santros in India and exported another 5,35,000.
GM has sold over 1,65,000 units of the Spark in seven years since taking over the car portfolio of Daewoo. "We affirm Santro is in production and is a part of our portfolio of 10 brands and is available at all dealerships for sale and has strong fan following," a Hyundai Motor India spokesman said when asked whether it is going to stop production of the model in November. GM India vice-president P Balendran said the company hasn't made a decision yet.
Sources said the companies now believe that the models have reached the end of their life cycle. Hyundai is looking to also free up capacity to manufacture more units of its newer models, said people with knowledge of the company's plans. Despite its portfolio getting expanded, the Santro is one of the strong brands in Hyundai Motor India's portfolio still, selling an average 2,900 units a month.
"The versatility of the Indian market is unmatched, where newly launched vehicles trail off volumes rapidly and a decade-old vehicle churns out strong numbers," said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive. "The life cycles of all these vehicles are longer than expected due to strong demand forces. If the vehicle proves its worth in the eyes of the consumer, the consumer demand forces the manufacturer to continue with the vehicle."
While the likes of Ford Motor, Honda Motor and General Motors entered India more or less at the same time, it was Hyundai which posed any real threat to Maruti. At a time when the Santro was launched, the market had also seen high-profile launches of the Daewoo Matiz and Tata Indica. The demand for the Santro was so high that Hyundai started making cash profits within seven months of launch, said BVR Subbu, one of the key architects in establishing the brand in India.
"It has never happened before (an automaker breaking into profit in seven months) and it will never happen ever again," said Subbu, who left the company in 2006 as its India president and is now an industry consultant. "The management would have been happy with 1,00,000 volumes in five years, whereas Hyundai sold over a million vehicles in seven years."
If the Maruti 800 started the automobile revolution in India in the 1980s, industry experts say the Hyundai Santro had taken it to another level. Hyundai adopted the strategy of sourcing one part from one vendor, instead of relying on multiple suppliers for a single component. That allowed the company to extract firm commitments from vendors on volumes — there was a clause of compensation in case they failed to meet the commitment. At the time of the Santro launch, each of Hyundai dealerships was equipped with a quality paintshop, which was a rarity among competition at the time, to ensure better services to customers.
Santro was the first car to make its global launch in India. Hyundai exported it to the markets of South Korea, Europe and the US from India. The launch of the Santro in India had come at a critical juncture for Hyundai. South Korea was going through one of the deepest economic crises, and the company's endeavour to make an entry into Canadian market did not go as desired. In India, banks were not willing to lend to the company and advertising agencies were not forthcoming.
KV Kamath, then head of ICICI, visited the company's factory before making adecision on lending funds, Subbu said. Hyundai got the loan, but at 7.5 percentage points higher than the market rate. Tata Motors around the same time secured funding at just half a percentage point over the market rate.

Indias gender gap rank worse than last yearNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 00:58 IST
It will take 81 years for gender parity at workplace, says WEF report
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Gender gap: India scores below average on parameters like economic participation, educational attainment and health and survival.
It ranks 114 out of 142 countries in World Economic Forum’s 2014 gender gap index
India, which ranks low on narrowing the gender gap in education, health and equal pay for equal work, has, however, taken a high position on the political empowerment sub-index, shows the annual gender survey of the World Economic Forum.
Placing India at 114 out of 142 countries vis-à-vis removing gender-based disparities, the survey puts the country at number 15 on the scorecard for political empowerment. India also tops the list of countries on the years with woman head of state (over the past 50 years). While it fell 13 places to 114th slot, politically it is ranked higher than the United States and the United Kingdom. It ranks 111 on the list of countries which have women in Parliament and 107 on the list of countries with women ministers.
“India experienced a drop [in absolute and relative value] on the health and survival sub-index compared with 2006, mainly due to a decrease in the female-to-male sex ratio at birth. In 2014, it also performed below average on the Economic Participation and Opportunity and Educational Attainment sub-indexes,” the report says.
On economic participation and opportunity, India ranks 134, while on educational attainment it ranks 126. But on the health and survival parameter India’s rank is among the lowest at 142.
Owing to its low sex ratio at birth India slumps to 114th position overall, which makes it the lowest-ranked BRICS nation and one of the few countries where female labour force participation is shrinking, the report states.
Pointing out that it will take 81 years for gender parity at the workplace, the report shows Nordic nations dominate the Global Gender Gap Index in 2014; Nicaragua, Rwanda and the Philippines all make the top 10.
The index was first introduced by the World Economic Forum in 2006 as a framework for capturing the magnitude of gender-based disparities and tracking their progress. The index benchmarks national gender gaps on economic, political, education and health criteria.
The report says on average, in 2014, over 96 per cent of the gap in health outcomes, 94 per cent of the gap in educational attainment, 60 per cent of the gap in economic participation and 21 per cent of the gap in political empowerment has been closed. No country in the world has achieved gender equality.
RELATED NEWS

Nestle India Q3 profit may climb 11% to Rs 316 cr: PollOct 28, 2014, 09.54 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nestle India Q3 profit may climb 11% to Rs 316 cr: Poll
Total income from operations may increase 10.3 percent to Rs 2,603 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 2,360 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nestle India Q3 profit may climb 11% to Rs 316 cr: Poll
Total income from operations may increase 10.3 percent to Rs 2,603 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 2,360 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Post your opinion here
 
Nestle India , which is engaged in the food business, is expected to report a 10.9 percent growth in third quarter profit at Rs 316 crore compared to Rs 285 crore in the year-ago period, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18. Numbers will be announced today and the company follows calendar year 2014 as its financial year.
Total income from operations may increase 10.3 percent to Rs 2,603 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 2,360 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Operating profit during the quarter is likely to jump 7.8 percent on yearly basis to Rs 532 crore but margin may decline 50 basis points to 20.4 percent.
Analysts feel the growth in third quarter may be a case for pricing led growth but export business is likely to remain muted.
Weak volume growth, subdued margin expansion and rise in advertising spends (reflective in other expenses) may keep profit growth constrained at just 10 percent Y-o-Y.
They expect volume growth for Q3 between 1-2 percent due to lower off-take in chocolates and portfolio rationalisation.
Higher input costs (high milk, coffee, cocoa prices) should have lowered the gross margins during the quarter while gross Margins may be further pressured on a high base of last year.
Nestle’s last year gross margins were the second highest in 18 quarters and so the Y-o-Y fall in gross margins may continue for fourth successive quarter (Q3CY14).
However, lower employee costs and other overheads may have absorbed gross margin pressures.
Key issues to watch out for are volume trends, management commentary around new launches and broader consumer demand environment for the industry.
RELATED NEWS

HUL may slip to Rs 660  says Gaurang KakkadLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HUL may slip to Rs 660, says Gaurang Kakkad
Gaurang Kakkad, Vice President- Institutional Research at Religare Capital Markets feels that Hindustan Unilever may slip to Rs 660.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Gaurang Kakkad, Vice President- Institutional Research at Religare Capital Markets told CNBC-TV18, "For  Hindustan Unilever (HUL) one of the biggest concern is the valuations remain stretched, so if you look at the stock, it trades at around 34 times on FY16 earnings compared to ITC which is trading at 23 times on FY16 earnings. So the discount that ITC trades to Unilever is almost at 35 percent now which historically use to be around 15 percent levels. So the gap between  ITC and Unilever should narrow going forward."
"ITC will clearly outperform from this levels. However, for HUL our price target is Rs 660 and over the next one year we expect around 10-12 percent downside from these levels," he added. 
RELATED NEWS

SBI and its associate banks in demandSBI and its associate banks in demand
Brazil s re-elected leader Dilma Rousseff faces divided houseBrazil s re-elected leader Dilma Rousseff faces divided house
Short Sales and Foreclosure Sales Account for 13 Percent of All Sales in Third Quarter  Lowest Level Since Q1 2011Short Sales and Foreclosure Sales Account for 13 Percent of All Sales in Third Quarter  Lowest Level Since Q1 2011
Thomas Cook arm completes acquisition of Brainhunter SystemsThomas Cook arm completes acquisition of Brainhunter Systems
L&T bags order worth Rs2989 crores...stock flatL&T bags order worth Rs2989 crores...stock flat
Sensex trades 90 points higher; Gail India  ICICI Bank gainSensex trades 90 points higher; Gail India  ICICI Bank gain
Why OPEC s losing its ability to set oil pricesWhy OPEC s losing its ability to set oil prices
Rupee down 6 paise vs dollarRupee down 6 paise vs dollar
Rupee slips in early tradeRupee closes lower at 61.33 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
The rupee ended marginally weaker at 61.33 per dollar against the previous close of 61.31 amid a higher closing in domestic equity market.
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, the benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent.
Suresh Nair, Director Admisi Forex said, "The Rupee depreciated against the Dollar on Tuesday as state-run banks continue to purchase Dollars for domestic oil importers. However, the Rupee fall was limited on speculation that RBI could ease policy rate if upcoming data is favourable.”
According to dealers, investors are likely to adopt a wait and watch mode ahead of the US central bank’s bond purchase decision.
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended lower at 7 per against the previous close of 8.25 per cent.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, softened to 8.30 per cent from the previous close of 8.31 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs. 100.58 from Rs. 100.53.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

SoftBank to buy $627 mn stake in SnapdealSnapdeal raises $627 mn from SoftBank
Priyanka Pani
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion in July.
Japanese company is now lead investor in Snapdeal
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Online marketplace Snapdeal has raised $627 million in its latest round from Softbank, the company said in a statement.
Through this strategic investment and partnership with Snapdeal, the SoftBank Group aims to further strengthen its presence in India and leverage synergies with its network of Internet companies around the world.
Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp. said, “Since SoftBank’s foundation, our mission has been to contribute to people’s lives through the Information Revolution. We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market.”
Kunal Bahl, Co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, said, “Our entire team at Snapdeal is thrilled and honoured to have SoftBank as a strategic partner. With the support of Son-san and Nikesh [Nikesh Arora, Vice Chairman of SoftBank], we are confident we will further strengthen our promise to consumers and create life changing experiences for 1 million small businesses in India.”
Arora will be joining the board of Snapdeal as part of this strategic investment by the SoftBank Group.
Morrison & Foerster LLP acted as legal advisor to SoftBank, with Kochhar & Co. advising SoftBank on India law matters.
SoftBank invests in Ola, too
Funds raised so far this year
Snapdeal.com, alone this year, has raised up to $1 billion. With this funding, Softbank is now the leading investor in Snapdeal.com. This is the largest investment made by a single investor in an e-commerce company in India. Other existing investors have also participated in this round with a significant undisclosed investment.
Earlier this year, the company raised $133.77 million (February 2014) as a result of a round led by eBay and $105 million (May 2014) as result of a financial round which saw participation from institutional investors - Temasek, Myriad, Tybourne, Blackrock Inc. and Premji Invest. Ratan Tata, Chairman Emeritus, Tata Sons, also made a personal investment into the company.
"These investments stand testimony to confidence displayed by investors in the company’s pure marketplace model and are in line with Snapdeal.com’s growth strategy and vision to create life changing experiences for 1 million businesses in India," the company added.
In order to further the tremendous growth Snapdeal.com has seen so far, the company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management.
Innovation centres
To strengthen its Technology efforts, the company will open innovation centres across the country. After Delhi, it has already opened its second innovation centre in Bangalore and plans to open innovation centres in cities like Hyderabad and Pune. The company will also double its technology team size to 1,000 by the end of the current financial year. To strengthen its Supply Chain efforts, the company also looks to expand its fulfilment centres to 30 cities. It currently has 40 fulfilment centres in 15 cities. With the vision to enable SMBs in India to do business online, Snapdeal.com aims to expand its merchant base to 1 million in the next 3 years. The setting up of fulfilment centres is in line with the same as it will not only enrich the shopping experience for buyers but will also further enable SMBs that do not have the necessary resources to handle deliveries at their end.
Further, Snapdeal.com will look to make 3-4 strategic acquisitions in the coming few months specifically in the area of mobile technology. With mobile commerce fast gaining pace in the country, Snapdeal.com within the next 6 months, will also set up an incubation centre to hone and harness start-up businesses in the mobile technology space.
Snapdeal was founded in February 2010 by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The company witnessed phenomenal growth in 2013-14, growing 600 per cent from 2013 to 2014.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex up 70 points in early tradeSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Realty body seeks greater tax clarity for REITs  InvITsRealty body seeks greater tax clarity for REITs, InvITs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 16, 2014  | 18:08 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Real estate industry body Asia Pacific Real Estate Association (APREA) has sought greater clarity on taxation issues for the newly created investment vehicles Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs).
The APREA applauded market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for issuing final regulations on REITs and InvITs but said that tax clarity for the investment vehicles was a critical issue.
"A significant stumbling block remains the tax treatment of REITs and InvITs," APREA CEO Peter Verwer said.
Through these trusts investors put funds in products linked to real estate and infrastructure projects.
Under the new guidelines for both trusts, the minimum initial offer size should be Rs 250 crore with a public float of at least 25 per cent.
The minimum asset base for these trusts to get listed is Rs 500 crore.
To ensure transparency, these trusts would be subject to stringent norms on disclosure as well as related party transactions.
Verwer said, "Several companies are keen to utilise the benefits of a public real estate platform, including access to competitively priced capital, liquidity, rights issues and placements.
By attracting more funds to India's infrastructure and real estate sectors, REITs and InvIT's can spur economic development, create more jobs and generate retirement nest eggs for India's citizens."
The new norms for listing of business trust structures, REITs and InvITs, were notified by the capital market regulator in September in order to attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors.

Nifty: Smart gains led by Banking stocks....New high in OctoberBank Nifty: Buoyed by all-round participation
 
The bullish bias never deserted the market , it just went undercover to resurface quite strongly last week. The resumption of the uptrend has brought the docile sector Bank Nifty back into the limelight. After the strong surge in Bank Nifty on the day of the election results way back on  May 16 a clear trend could not emerge unlike the Nifty or CNX IT. Despite several attempts the trend slipped into some congestion till last week it managed to shrug the old self and reclaim some lost ground. Nifty had been moving steadily higher but was unable to really show some aggression till it received strong support  from all key sectors to  positively close above 7900.
 
The momentum in Nifty is holding steady and is now heading higher beyond 8000 in the coming week. Higher levels attract volatility and  with a short week as well as an expiry unfolding this week one can expect markets to witness some robust action.  Nifty trades can be pursued at current levels and on decline towards 7875 keeping 7850 as the stop as we step into the week. The market continues to reward a buy on decline approach and hence one should continue to participate in this manner. Bank Nifty offers more room for a trade and  in comparison is better placed to move higher and should be considered for a move towards 16100 in the coming week .One could initiate  a position in this trade with a stop below 16700.
SECTOR IN DEMAND : BANKING and FINANCIALS
Banks and interest rate sensitive counters will be the beneficiary of the surprise move seen in banking. With the Finance ministry approving a draft for creation of a holding structure for state run banks for their long term capital needs the PSU banks are in demand. With the trends just emerged in this sector one can expect that the momentum shall sustain this week too. SBI and PNB have witnessed some robust volumes amongst the Public Sector Banks while Kotak and HDFC Bank have seen a fair bit of traction amongst the Private Sector. With some cheer spreading to this sector the financial counters  too saw some demand picking up.
TRADING PERSPECTIVE
With bullish momentum play and all declines witnessing steady buying action the stocks are witnessing some robust action.  Adopting a mix of breakout and support buy strategy some stocks have been selected for the forthcoming week with a trading mindset.
 
HAVELLS Cmp 1262.45
After a sharp upthrust few days back this counter did not really continue the trend , however the steady consolidation at higher levels suggests that there is strong possibility of the prices rising higher. The momentum too is not showing any signs of weakness hence we can initiate a buying opportunity above 1270 with a stop below 1250 for a rise towards 1300 in the coming week .
 
 
ADANI ENTERPRISES Cmp 504.50
The bullish bias in this setup does not seem to recede. After a strong pullback the strong buying interest emerged at lower levels thereby pushing the prices to test the value area around 510. The daily chart attached show that the value area resistance is being tested. With a bullish sentiment in progress one should watch out for this resistance to be broken which would present a buying opportunity above 510 with a stop below 500 for a rise to 525.
 
TECH MAHINDRA Cmp 2307.50
CNX IT at a new high and one of its top performing counters TECHM  witnessed its best performing week as can be seen from the weekly chart attached. The sharp rise above its previous lackluster weeks suggest that the trend in this counter is getting set for some strong upside . The RSI too has inched up above 70 suggesting that the bullish momentum has gathered pace. Look to go long above 2310 and on decline towards 2275 maintaining a stop below 2250 for  arise towards 2375.
SBI Cmp 2522.50
Banks have finally struck a chord and have begun to warm up.With the renewed enthusiasm in PSU banks this PSU banking major seems to be witnessing some strong participation. The long term trensdline support fuelled with the overall bullish sentiment makes this counter a strong banking contender for this week. Look to go long above 2530 and on declines bnear 2490 with a stop below 2460 for a rise to 2650 in the coming days.
 
 
COMMODITIES
The sudden emergence of some trended action in the Commodities space has generated some interest across all counters. The active movement in the global counterparts has also fueled suddenly seems to have produced some trended action.
COPPER  : Signs of reversal
 
Chinese PMI dipped to a 3 month low in August and being a major player in Metals one would have expected the repercussions to take effect on the prices. However the news was totally ignored as prices managed to reclaim the gap region highlighted in the chart below to stage a breakout. The momentum too seems to have revived and with the expiry coming up this week one can expect some rollover action to take place thereby producing some volatility in this commodity.  A sustained move above 430 would be an invitation to go long for a rise to 440. Any decline towards 425 levels can also be considered for adding to existing position with a stop below 420.
CURRENCIES
USDINR: At a tipping point
 
The measures taken by RBI combined with global decline in gold and oil prices helped the rupee stabilize leading to sharp appreciation in USDINR last week. This resulted in a positive impact on the equities markets as well thereby sustaining the bullish sentiment. On the daily time frame we observe that the prices have declined into the previous congestion area where we observe other sets of supports that could result in USDINR to rally. With intraday timeframes showing divergences one can expect an interim bounce in the coming week . The crucial point on the way down will be around 60.43 a breach of which could see some sharp declines towards 59.70 emerging. One could look to add to the existing short USDINR position if there is breach of the support levels mentioned with a sizeable decline in the offing.
Review of Recommended Trades

Why individuals are indulging in terrorismal Qaeda
(With Canada joining the…)
The shooting spree at Canada's national war memorial and parliament building in Ottawa by a Canadian citizen, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, is a reminder that terrorism is fast adapting to the changing global political events.
After the attacks of September 11, 2001, in New York and Washington, countries such as Canada and the US established departments of Public Safety and Homeland Security, tightening immigration controls at airports and borders to prevent suspected terrorists from sneaking in. Computerised databases and elaborate spying techniques were deployed to scour communications and deter foreign terrorists or foreigntrained local radicals.
Since it is no longer feasible for a large group of foreigners (the 9/11 attacks involved 19 Arabs from Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Lebanon) to arrive on Western soil and mount a coordinated strike, the only outlet for terrorist rage is the 'lone wolf ' path that individuals like Zehaf-Bibeau exemplify.
Spreading the Net
These persons are not formally part of known terrorist movements and do not receive any funding, training or operational assistance from overseas-based cells or leaders. Their only connection to an Al Qaeda or an Islamic State (IS) lies in the mind, ie at the level of getting inspired by their diabolical ideology via the internet.
With global jihadist forces investing in sleek online propaganda and publicity, the phenomenon of 'self-radicalized' individuindividuals is on the rise. The list of lone wolves who have engaged in violent terrorism in many nations owing to outrage at their military interventions against jihadists is long and insightful.
In the US, which has been involved serially in armed combat in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria since 2001, the frequency of atomised attackers motivated by Islamist philosophy has risen sharply over the past few years.
Since 2006, there have been at least five lone wolf missions carried out by American citizens on American soil to avenge US foreign policies in Islamic lands.
The opinions of some of these terrorists who survived or left views online reveal personal frustrations mingled with anger at the perceived injustices occurring to Muslims as a result of Western military operations abroad and the US alliance with Israel. Apart from their anonymity and nondescript backgrounds, what makes it particularly hard to preempt these types of attackers is that they do not necessarily have Islamic family origins.
For example, in June 2009, an American convert to Islam, Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, opened fire at a US military recruiting centre in Arkansas, killing one and injuring another. He was born as Carlos Leon Bledsoe and raised as a Baptist Christian in the American south with no outward signs of being one of the 'usual suspects' in terms of his appearance or demeanour.
  In court, Abdulhakim declared that the US "has to pay for the rape, murder, bloodshed, blasphemy it has done and still doing to the Muslims and Islam. So consider this a small retaliation".
Had Michael Zehaf-Bibeau not been shot dead by Canadian policemen before he could rampage in the parliament complex where the Canadian prime minister and MPs were gathered, his oral testimony might have sounded almost identical to that of Abdulhakim. The former was a recent convert to Islam, mirroring another Canadian, Martin Couture Rouleau, who ran over two Canadian soldiers with his car just two days before the parliament was rocked.
Lone Wolves
Rouleau converted to Islam and renamed himself Abu Ibrahim AlCanadi, undergoing a personal transformation from a "partyloving, poker-playing bon vivant" into a cold-blooded killer. According to The Globe and Mail, Rouleau "spent a lot of time on the Internet and got brainwashed. He fell into a trap."
With Canada joining the US and European allies in bombing the IS in Iraq, a hitherto largely terrorism-free country has been jolted into examining self-radicalized domestic lone wolves who are reacting with extreme hatred. One Canadian law enforcement officer reflected in The New York Times on the dilemma he faced in countering homebred terrorists who exist in their own make-believe mental universe: "We cannot arrest someone for thinking radical thoughts; it is not a crime in Canada."
Tracking and interdicting domestic terrorists who act locally but think globally is an enormous challenge in democratic countries, including India, where there are growing cases of local youth declaring allegiance to IS or Al Qaeda.
Racial and religious profiling, blanket surveillance of entire minority communities and other kinds of collective punishment of youngsters who are presumed guilty owing to their faith conversion or location are unconscionable in countries with civil liberties and delicate multiethnic social fabric.
Ultimately, the terror at home can only be neutralised by minority communities being encouraged and strengthened by the state to identify and isolate the young men who may be showing symptoms of going astray. Community self-policing, including cyberspace monitoring, is a valuable strategy that can build trust with minorities and help stymie the lone wolves before they cause mayhem.
A deeper dialogue and debate must also be initiated across society as to why a country is fighting IS, Al Qaeda or other hardline Islamist groups.
As long as the discourse is confined to government and strategic elites, the misconceptions and hatred will multiply. National security policies must be buttressed by persuasive public diplomacy to mitigate the boomerang effect at home.
(The writer is a professor and dean at the Jindal School of International Affairs)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fiat plans to manufacture luxury SUVs in IndiaTweet
 Production of the C-segment vehicle will begin by the end of 2016, four people close to the development told Economic Times.
MUMBAI: Days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi exhorted global manufacturers to 'Make in India', Fiat Chrysler Automobiles has put in motion plans to manufacture a premium sports utility vehicle under the Jeep brand as part of a Rs 1,500-2,500 crore investment in the country and export it to key markets including the UK , Australia and South Africa in the next two years.
The development work for the first premium SUV to be made in India has begun under the project code-named M6 or 556 and production of the C-segment vehicle will begin by the end of 2016, four people close to the development told ET, adding that the strategy to use India as an exports hub will help the company reduce its losses in the country. Experts say that Fiat Chrysler's move will further enhance the brand image of India.
The country is gradually transforming itself from a manufacturing hub for small cars into a base for the entire range of vehicles as companies including Renault-Nissan and Volkswagen have exported mid-sized sedans and compact SUVs to global markets from the country. An email sent to Fiat India did not elicit any response. One of the persons referred to earlier, however, said on condition of anonymity that the C-segment Jeep SUV is expected to be priced at Rs 20-25 lakh in the domestic market and will be produced in "tens of thousands".
"The announcement will be made shortly," another person said about the company's investment plans for India. "The company was waiting for the Fiat-Chrysler merger in the global markets. Now that the listing is out of the way, the funds will be channelled into the country." The investment is likely to go into expansion of capacity and Fiat may set up a new manufacturing line at its Ranjangaon plant after discussing the possibilities with its joint venture partner Tata Motors, a person with knowledge of the matter said, adding that a significant part of the investment will go into developing new products including engines.
Apart from the completely localised C-segment Jeep, Fiat Chrysler is also said to be working on a modular platform 326, which will churn out replacements for Punto and Linea cars in the next two to three years under the Fiat brand. However, the Italian carmaker's volumes in the Indian market remain a matter of major concern, according to these people, who said the company is hoping that export volumes along with new models will help the brand make a comeback in the country.
While Fiat announced a major comeback plan for the Indian market two years ago, its protracted merger with American automaker Chrysler kept it from making major investments in India. But now the company is readying to launch the Jeep brand with the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee models next year, followed by the locally produced C-segment Jeep at the end of 2016 or early 2017. Fiat has been selling just 1,000-1,500 units a month on average in India despite the launch of new Linea and Punto and expansion of its dealer network.
Its capacity in Ranjangaon plant is getting utilised by Tata Motors, though, for its Indica, Vista and recently launched Zest models. The move to manufacture a premium SUV signifies that Fiat is recognising the potential of Indian manufacturing, said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst for forecasting at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
"The future is in India whether it is for domestic market or for export manufacturing. Renault-Nissan, Ford, Hyundai and Maruti all have accepted this fact that manufacturing in India gives strong top and bottom numbers. Exporting a luxury brand from India will definitely be a strong image booster for Indian manufacturing in mature markets, where India always remains popular with small hatchbacks," added Vangaal.

Lava to soon shift manufacturing base from China to IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Lava to soon shift manufacturing base from China to India
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
China
(Starting in April, Lava…)
NEW DELHI: Lava, the country's fourth-biggest smartphone maker, could become the first local mobile handset company to start domestic production as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make-in-India' push helps the country to become an attractive alternative to China as a manufacturing base.
The company, which sells Lava and Xolo branded phones, plans to spend Rs 500 crore in local operations over three years, after which it will shift most or all of its production from China to India.
Starting in April, Lava will assemble devices at its Noida plant, which is now used for repairs, with an initial investment of Rs 20-30 crore. By then, it may have the capacity to make 200,000 units a month, which is projected to be ramped up to 1 million by March 2016.
"We are just about to finalise six places in three states" to accommodate the entire ecosystem around handset manufacturing, one of which will house the company's plant as well, Hari Om Rai, Chairman and Managing Director of Lava International, told ET. "The central government is giving 25% subsidy and various state governments are offering VAT-free operations, among others."
Most handset companies have shunned India as a manufacturing base until now, citing the unavailability of components and other issues. Nokia's plant near Chennai was kept out of the sale to Microsoft last year because of a tax dispute and was subsequently closed.
Modi's 'Make-in-India' campaign, aimed at creating jobs and spurring growth, may change perceptions as it includes major initiatives to facilitate investment, foster innovation, protect intellectual property and build best-in-class manufacturing infrastructure.
Rising costs in China Rai said the rapidly rising cost of labour in China was among the reasons for moving operations to India, which, with its vast talent pool and employment potential, offers a feasible alternative.
"Companies in China that are part of the mobile ecosystem are eager to come to India to put up plants. India is ready as land is available at the right price, clearances are much faster, with not much of bureaucracy," Rai said. Lava's phones are made at a facility in Shenzen, China, with software-related research and development in Bangalore.
Lava had an 8% share of the overall phone market in India and 6% in smartphones in the April-June quarter, according to market research company International Data Corporation. Vendors sold 63.21 million phones in the country during the quarter, with smartphones clocking an 84% increase in sales to 18.42 million units.
While the lack of a mobile ecosystem has been cited as a major reason for not manufacturing in India, handset companies have complained that monetary incentives alone aren't enough. They note that in China, manufacturers have several options for phone components such as cameras and plastic and metallic bodies.
The Indian Cellular Association, an organisation promoting the development of the mobile cellular handset industry in the country, is in advanced talks with the governments of Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh for land, according to its president Pankaj Mohindroo. "There's a firm expression of interest from Lava and Intex. The other two -- Micromax and Karbonn -- are making up their mind," Mohindroo said. He added that the Department of Electronics and Information Technology has set up a task on force to set up electronic manufacturing clusters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi wants  Make in India  as tools for improving healthcareYou are here: Home > Collections
Narendra Modi wants 'Make in India', 'Digital India' as tools for improving healthcare
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 08.08PM IST
(Stressing upon cleanliness…)
MUMBAI: Describing neonatal and maternal mortality rates as a matter of grave concern, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said his government wanted to effectively use its 'Make in India' and 'Digital India' campaigns to reach healthcare to the country's poorest of the poor.
Stressing upon cleanliness and hygiene, he said preventive care was the most important component of overall healthcare and also inexpensive.
"It is embarrassing to compare healthcare facilities in our country with those available abroad. Neonatal mortality is a matter of grave concern and so is maternal mortality.
"When a child falls into a borewell, families sit in front of TVs and the media gives a running commentary as gloom prevails everywhere, but we are hardly aware that hundreds of children die soon after being born. Many times, the mother and child both die for want of primary healthcare," he said after inaugurating the refurbished and partly newly built H N Reliance Foundation Hospital.
Addressing the gathering which included Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani, his wife and Reliance Foundation chairperson Nita, megastar Amitabh Bachchan, cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar and Sunil Gavaskar, Modi said he wanted 'Make in India' and 'Digital India' initiatives effective tools to reach best healtcare facilities to the people.
"Today, when diagnostic machines have replaced the doctor's expertise to a large extent, I want companies to come to India and manufacture expensive equipment needed for medical treatment, I want FDI to come into the sector.
"If hospitals like this are part of the network providing medical advice through telemedicine, quality healthcare can reach people living in remote areas for which Digital India can come in handy. I want the Digital India initiative to be effectively used for improving medicare and education," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Right to service to top Devendra Fadnavis  agendaBJP
( Early this week, possibly…)
MUMBAI: Early this week, possibly as soon as Tuesday, newly elected BJP MLAs will choose their leader, the next chief minister of Maharashtra . And if that be 44-year-old Devendra Fadnavis — as is widely expected — the state could see a new 'right to service' that would enable citizens to avail public services in a timebound, transparent manner. As for India's financial capital, Mumbai, the presumptive CM plans to build Japanese-style elevated corridors to ease traffic and a refashioned police force that would not "tolerate intolerance".
All this and more form part of a 'mahaan rashtra' plan as envisaged by Fadnavis that he shared with ETa few hours before the first assembly election results started trickling in from counting centres. The management graduate said his party's focus would be on delivering good governance by making institutions accountable for the services they are supposed to provide.
"In the past 15 years, government institutions have weakened across the state. Our job will be to first strengthen them. The state is witnessing policy paralysis now... To make it an efficient service provider, we will have to start by changing governance, by fighting corruption that has entered every level of government institutions," he said.
Fadnavis said people were being made to run from pillar to post for even basic services which are their right. "What we will give people is the 'right to service', which will include the right to avail it (services) in a stipulated time.
Every government institution will be asked to take every service seriously and feedback will be monitored at every stage," he said. There will be strict measures to curb corruption at every level, he added. "People are angry because they need to shell out money at every stage to make things happen. This is not right. No government official can deny services to the people. The only way to get there is to make all services transparent and available online," he said.
"We need brisk procedures and effective offices for clearance of files after studying them in detail," Fadnavis said, adding that he will prioritise affordable public housing in the state without compromising on environmental clearances. On his vision to make Mumbai a world-class city, he said he would look at improving infrastructure. "We need elevated corridors in the city to fight traffic jams. If a country like Japan can look at 8-storeyed corridors, we can certainly look at one. That will reduce traffic jams and make travel around the city easier," he added.
He said the government would follow an integrated approach towards transport that includes developing marine as well as land transport. "We will look at advanced technologies on coastal lines even as we look at improving our metro lines." The low crime conviction rate is a cause for worry, said Fadnavis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sainiks upset as Shiv Sena  bends  to tie-up with BJPBJP
(Experts say it is rare for…)
MUMBAI: Upset at the growing prospect of Shiv Sena aligning with BJP, Sainiks have taken to posters and bill boards to appeal to their leaders to "show some self-respect" and not join a BJP-led government in Maharashtra .
Several such posters and boards have appeared over the last two days in Sena strongholds like Sewri. Experts say it is rare for Shiv Sena cadre to question or express a contrarian view publicly over a decision taken by the Thackeray family, adding that the posters reflect a deep sense of frustration among the party ranks over the possibility of Sena joining a BJP-led alliance.
"Hope Shiv Sena leaders take the signal and sit in the opposition," tweeted Bharatkumar Raut, who was a Shiv Sena member in the Rajya Sabha until April. "The Sena is not just bending, but the BJP is making them crawl. They are not getting the required number of portfolios and they don't have a say in what portfolios they would be having and yet the Sena is desperate to be with BJP because a certain section of leaders want to be in power," said Raut, who is currently not associated with Sena.
Raut said he was surprised that Sena was willing to take "so much humiliation" from the BJP. "Why can't the party sit in the opposition? Certain leaders want some ministerial posts and are hoping to be appointed in government bodies, but at what cost? This has ended up demoralising the party cadre. This level of humiliation would not have been accepted if Bal Thackeray was alive," he said.
Raut added that Uddhav Thackeray might be going in for the alliance with BJP because the Sena requires the latter's support in running BMC and is afraid that the party might pull support from BMC if Sena doesn't support it in the assembly. "BMC is the oxygen for Sena. If Sena is not in power in BMC, then the party would find it hard to exist," said Raut.
Many Shiv Sainiks said, on condition of anonymity, that they were upset with the party for forming the government with BJP. "We have fought a bitter election against them, we have called each other names and now aligning with them again is of course uncomfortable. Plus, we are hearing stories of how BJP did not even spare any time speaking to our leaders in Delhi. Under such circumstances, how are we supposed to feel happy," said a Sena Shakha Pramukh from South Mumbai.
FEATURED ARTICLES

If there is voting for majority  we will abstain: Sharad PawarBJP
(We are neither supporting…)
NCP chief Sharad Pawar rubbishes suggestions that his party's unilateral offer to BJP to form a government in Maharashtra was aimed at insulating his party leaders involved in alleged financial irregularities from the future government in the state. NCP offered its support to BJP only because it wanted a stable government, Pawar tells Akshay Deshmane in an interview. Edited excerpts:
Why did NCP choose to offer unilateral and unsolicited support to BJP for forming a government in Maharashtra?
We are neither supporting nor opposing (BJP). If the situation warrants, and there is voting in the assembly (for establishing a majority), we will abstain. Numbers are such that we are compelled to do it. Otherwise, there will not be a government in Maharashtra and within six months, there will again be elections. We will be happy to see a stable government in the state, but BJP and Shiv Sena do not seem to be able to come together for forming a government, yet.
Soon after NCP announced its support, Prithviraj Chavan alleged a deal between your party and BJP owing to the financial irregularities in which NCP leaders are involved...
He was the chief minister of Maharashtra for three years. What was he doing? Was he sleeping?
Some NCP leaders recently said Congress wanted to support Shiv Sena along with your party to keep BJP out of power. Are you inclined towards such an arrangement?
I am not here to respond to speculations like these. Nobody talked to me about it. There may be some individual Congress leaders who may have thought about it, but the leadership does not think so. If they (the Congress party leaders) are really serious, let them say that publicly. Then we will think about it. But I do not think adequate numbers can be found even then.
You have been focusing closely on the party since you stopped contesting elections. Will you go in for changes in party organisation?
Immediately, there is no need. We have to rebuild and revive the party and we have ample time now. Let the government form, assembly session start. One should wait for the assembly (to become functional), only then we can plan properly. We have worked in the opposition for five years in the past.
Why do you think BJP emerged as the largest party in your bastion in western Maharashtra?
Why just western Maharashtra? You can look at the state as a whole. The people's mandate this year has been different. Considering how no party got a clear majority, it means no one has a greatly comfortable position right now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart  Snapdeal report surge in sales this seasonAmazon
(During the Big Billion Day, Flipkart’s biggest…)
BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: This Diwali, Indian online retail industry joined the mainstream with the top three players Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal hogging the limelight throughout the festive month of October, helped by massive sales and high-octane marketing. However, the heavy-duty sales with discounts of over 75% also exposed the industry's weakest link — last mile delivery.
Logistics infrastructure of online retailers struggled to deal with the sudden rise in the flow of shipments, leading to pile-ups at airports and packages failing to reach customers on time. "Online retailing has become mainstream this festival season," said Mukesh Bansal, board member at Flipkart.
"A large number of customers have come online. This has been a record month for us with the highest sales ever," said Mukesh Bansal of Flipkart. He declined to reveal the exact number of orders the Bangalore-based company had received.
Bansal, who heads fashion at the company, admitted that there were problems too. "We all found out that the capacity of the logistics network is not enough for the industry," he said. However, with top companies exceeding their targets, experts said the positives far outweighed all the negatives. "The online retail industry is the winner this season with all companies beating their own internal targets," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PwC India. Flipkart, for example, was targeting $3 billion (over Rs 18,300 crore) in overall value of goods sold by end of the fiscal and $4 billion (over Rs 24,500 crore) by mid-2015.
"They are now targeting to reach $4 billion by end of this fiscal itself," said a person with knowledge of the company's sales. Another person in the know said, "Flipkart has already seen over 80 lakh orders this month and is targeting to do about double next month." In June last year, Flipkart's peak sale was 1.3 lakh orders in one day.
During the Big Billion Day, Flipkart's biggest sales event on October 6, the company sold 20 lakh products worth about $100 million (over Rs 600 crore). Rivals Snapdeal and Amazon have been equally impressive.
"We received daily orders of about three lakh," said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice-president of marketing at Snapdeal. He said sales in October have more than doubled from September, and the company saw 250% growth month-on-month. "There was massive adoption of online shopping by the country's consumers, which in turn, saw ecommerce in India growing by almost 200-300% over the past few months, with Snapdeal growing at about 600%," Komaravelly said.
Industry insiders expect Snapdeal to touch gross merchandise sales of over Rs 700 crore in October, significantly higher than its sales of Rs 450-500 crore over the preceding three months. The company has crossed $1 billion (over Rs 6,000 crore) in sales this fiscal. Amazon India has seen over-fourfold jump in transactions, according to a person with knowledge of the company's sales.
The company saw a jump in traffic of up to 300% on various days during its 30-day festive season sales. "The response has been beyond our wildest expectations," said Amit Agarwal, country manager and vice-president at Amazon India. Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory Technopak, said, "I don't see a single clear winner among the top three. The growth overall has been spectacular. The aggression shown by them has ensured accelerated growth."
 
The aggression was in the form of highly visible advertisements and brand promotions. Ecommerce companies are estimated to have spent about Rs 200 crore on advertising just this festive season. Snapdeal alone got on board 28 celebrities and created 50 advertisement films. The company had blocked up to 2,000 ad spots a day across television channels. A senior executive at a logistics firm said, "Average shipments per day were at about 1 million before the festive season for the industry and that has almost doubled." The online retail boom was not a big-city phenomenon. "The small locations have seen big volumes. We are fulfilling about 200 orders a day in a small centre like Theni," said TA Krishnan, chief executive of ecommerce-focused logistics firm Ecom Express.
Flipkart said it now reaches about 1,000 cities and towns in India through its in-house logistics team and third-party partners, compared with under 900 before October. Amazon, which did not share the exact amount of sales during the month, said over half of all orders were from non-metros. But the problems in the industry were also brought into sharp focus this season. Delay in delivery, choked airports and increased focus by tax authorities were just some of the troubles that may continue to hobble the rapidly growing sector for some time.

Flipkart  Myntra rope in Ace Turtle to bring in more global brandsYou are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
Flipkart, Myntra rope in Ace Turtle to bring in more global brands
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 04.33AM IST
Tags:
Ace Turtle
(Flipkart and Myntra have…)
NEW DELHI: Flipkart and its associate Myntra have mandated Bangalore-based e-commerce consultancy firm Ace Turtle to bring a host of global fashion brands as the two online retailers are ramping up their global fashion and accessories line to tap growing demands for such products in India.
As part of the deal, Ace Turtle will bring a raft of global labels to sell on Myntra as well as Flipkart while Ace Turtle itself will manage the standalone India e-commerce sites of those foreign brands that come on board through this alliance.
Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer of Myntra, said his company will refrain from operating the single-brand online stores as its focus is to create a robust multi-brand e-commerce company. "We at Myntra and Flipkart are looking at bringing a good number of international brands that are currently not available in the country,"he said. "The global brands get multi-brand platforms on Myntra and Flipkart and Ace Turtle gives opportunities for these brands to go online on their own that is equivalent of their exclusive online brand outlets. It is win-win for all of us."
Top fashion portals such as Myntra and Jabong have been trying to get more and more foreign brands and have signed exclusive arrangements with various brands.
Jabong has signed exclusive deals with brands including Dorothy Perkins, River Island and Mango among others, while Myntra has signed up labels including Guess, Desigual and Scotch & Soda.
Both the fashion portals have been also working with some western designers to create their own global standard private labels. Jabong has set up a design-cumbranding office in London and hired global talents from Asos, River Island and from Zara's parent Inditex, while Myntra has hired Italian designer Vanni Lenci to create some private brands.
Myntra and Ace Turtle have already signed up some global brands that they declined to name.
Nitin Chhabra , CEO, Ace Turtle, said deals with some more global brands are in the pipeline. His firm currently manages online store for kids' apparel seller Kapkids and is in the process of rolling out four estores for some Indian and foreign brands in the next three months.
Subramanian of Myntra said the Myntra-Flipkart combine works with a host of brands and the arrangement with Ace Turtle will give it an additional bandwidth to get more international fashion retailers online.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Logistics firm adds online retailers Flipkart  Snapdeal as clientsYou are here: Home > Collections > Clients
Logistics firm Gojavas adds online retailers Flipkart and Snapdeal as clients
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Oct 23, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Gojavas had been in talks…)
NEW DELHI: Logistics company Gojavas has added online retailers Flipkart and Snapdeal as clients, moving away from exclusively serving former parent company Jabong.
A person familiar with the matter said Gojavas started delivering some products of Flipkart about three months ago and that of Snapdeal a month ago. Flipkart, India's largest online retailer, declined to comment on a tie-up with Gojavas. Snapdeal's vice-president for operations, Ashish Chitravanshi, did not confirm Gojavas' name but said the company is working with 18 courier firms.
According to the person quoted earlier, Gojavas had been in talks with Snapdeal for the last one-and-half years and was able to strike a deal with the New Delhi-based e-commerce marketplace only in the last few months.
"It's a game of scale and being just with Jabong is not going to take the company far, as it is a niche player. You will never be able to build your scale by just servicing one client," the person quoted earlier said.
Since September last year, Gojavas has formed a company independent of Jabong with its own team and 30-40% of its current business is coming from outside of Jabong, the person, who did not wish to be named, said.
It's unclear what percentage of Gojavas is currently owned by Jabong and its promoters and associates. Gojavas, which had experimented with servicing third parties in June 2012, currently works with around 200 companies, including Yepme.com, Lenskart.com, Zivame.com, Avon.
"Gojavas is an independent entity promoted by Indian HNIs. Our mandate is to become a significant player in the Indian e-commerce logistics and fulfillment arena by focusing on enhancing repeat purchases for ecommerce clients," said Vijay Ghadge , chief operating officer of Gojavas.
Flipkart has its own captive logistics unit called eKart. ET had reported in February that Flipkart will start delivering packages of some of its competitions as well. eKart is the largest logistics company owned by an e-commerce firm with its reach in more than 150 cities.
India's $3.5-billion annual online retailing business is growing at annual rate of 60-70% and is expected to swell to $6 billion by 2015, according to Gartner Inc. , which has termed India as one of the fastest growing e-commerce markets in Asia Pacific
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Scorpio vs Duster AWD vs Safari Storme: ReviewNew Mahindra Scorpio vs Renault Duster AWD vs Tata Safari Storme: Comparison Review
21 Oct, 2014
Ravi Ved, Zigwheels.com
There have been five SUVs launched in the month of September alone. This not only goes to show the demand for these massive mean machines but also reflects the kind of importance these cars hold for the manufacturers. But within this class of cars, the entry-level SUVs are the ones that rank right up there on the sales charts.
For long has Mahindra Scorpio been the favorite of the junta looking to make a purchase in this class. The Renault Duster too hit the right not. A for the Tata Safari Storme, well, with its bulk and intimidating looks, it has never had to work hard to get noticed either.
We pitch the new Mahindra Scorpio and the Renault Duster AWD against the Tata Safari Storme 4x4 to find out which one is most worthy purchase.

Honda Mobilio versus Renault Duster comparisonHonda Mobilio versus Renault Duster comparison
20 Oct, 2014
Vikrant Singh, Zigwheels.com
A stylish MPV or a butch compact SUV, which one should you go for? Although it isn't a apples to apples comparison, they are both similarly priced. We pitch the two against each other to find out which is the more juicier fruit

ISI shifts Dawood Ibrahim to Pak-Afghan borderDawood Ibrahim
(Top sources in country’s…)
NEW DELHI: Sustained joint efforts by Indian and US security agencies seem to have driven underworld don Dawood Ibrahim into hiding close to the Pakistan-Afghanistan border .
Top sources in country's security establishment, involved in tracking the activities of the D-Company, said that Dawood had been whisked away from his high-security mansion in Karachi's Clifton area by Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) and shifted to an undisclosed location close to the Af-Pak border.Indian intelligence agencies, keeping close tabs on movement of Dawood and his men, received specific inputs over the past few days about the gangster shifting base.
"Dawood seems to have gone completely underground. He has not been seen or even heard of interacting with his close aides. The Inter-Services Intelligence and Dawood appear under a lot of pressure," sources in the intelligence community claimed. Sources added that Inter-Services Intelligence appeared extremely wary of the new Indo-US cooperation to fight terrorism, with special focus on targeting the D-Company network.
This had come up during he extended dialogue between National Security Advisor AK Doval and state department officials in the US earlier this month. Sources said that cooperation on Dawood would be the first test of the partnership between the two countries with US playing a crucial role in choking the funds to the DCompany. The mastermind of 1992 Mumbai terror attacks and many more subsequently has business interests around the world, including in UAE, Africa and Pakistan. It is suspected that Dawood has been using money raised by smuggling narcotics to fund terror activities in Afghanistan and India .
FEATURED ARTICLES

20 Indian Mujahideen terrorists still on the loose  says NIA20 Indian Mujahideen terrorists still on the loose, says NIA
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 04.33AM IST
Tags:
India
(The 108-page charge sheet…)
NEW DELHI: Twenty dreaded terrorists of Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorist organisation are still on the loose, planning to use an Al-Qaeda suicide bomber in the country, plotting to stick magnet bombs to trains and trying to smuggle out their families from India to Pakistan to insulate them from the domestic security agencies, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has said in a charge sheet.
The 108-page charge sheet submitted to a court last month, which ET has accessed, paints a picture of persistent threat from the organisation despite arrests of its key commanders including Yasin Bhatkal, Asadullah Akhtar, Tanseem Akhtar and a Pakistani national named Waqas. NIA has said it has identified 33 IM terrorists in all, of which only 13 have been put behind bars. According to officials, a major operation is on to nab some of the top absconding IM terrorists.
"Investigation has established that Waqas and others were working on the manufacture and assembly of Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) using magnets of small and medium size, which could enable the IEDs to be stuck on to targets like cars and oil/gas (LPG) containing trains/trucks to maximise the impact and destruction. Investigation has established that IM chief hiding in Pakistan, Riyaz Bhatkal (in an Internet chat with Yasin Bhatkal on April 6, 2013) had tasked Waqas to procure magnets," the NIA charge sheet says. The charge sheet mentions that Riyaz had clearly stated to Yasin "his wish of repeating the blasts in Mumbai to teach a lesson to the police".
According to the document, IM's Mirza Shadab Beg, who hails from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh and has been absconding since he escaped to Pakistan in 2009, has allied with the Al-Qaeda. "He was exploring the availability of 'fidayeen' i.e. suicide attacker from the Al-Qaeda for terrorist act in India," the NIA has said in the charge sheet. The agency has further said that IM plans to kidnap some rich Indian businessman. Riyaz had visited senior operatives of the Al-Qaeda and held detailed discussions for IM's association with Al-Qaeda and for training of its operatives by the Al-Qaeda. The Al-Qaeda asked Riyaz to work towards the given tasks of kidnapping of Jews and making a network in Burma for commission of terrorist activities there, the charge sheet says.
It also says that Riyaz directed Yasin to forge contacts with the Maoists in Nepal for obtaining supply of arms and ammunition and Yasin had attempted the same. The charge sheet also presents another picture of the absconding IM terrorists worrying for the safety of their families back home and their attempts to whisk them away to Pakistan, which has given the terrorists safe refuge.
"Investigation established that Riyaz made plans for shifting family members of operatives like Yasin and Mohsin Choudhary to Pakistan via Nepal. Mohsin, who is currently based in Pakistan, in order to fully insulate from any family pressure planned for the shifting of his family from Pune to Pakistan," NIA says. The agency has said that another absconding IM terrorist, Abu Rashid, has plans to shift his family in Azamgarh out of India and into Pakistan to further support his resolve in waging terrorist activities within India.
NIA says IM's Tehseen Akhtar, who was subsequently arrested, on Riyaz's instructions had travelled to the house of Zahida Khanum, wife of Yasin Bhatkal and delivered a mobile phone for communication with Yasin along with some cash. "He was also a part of the plan to shift Khanum to Nepal for stay along with the Yasin," the charge sheet says. As per the charge sheet, Mirza Shadab Beg was planning to make fake passports for shifting of his family members and approached agents for the purpose. Beg had desired to attack the police personnel who had conducted the attachment of property at his residence in Azamgarh, the NIA has said in the charge sheet, which also says, "Riyaz had mentioned his intentions about targeting the police personnel whom he believed as pressurising the brother of IM's Mohsin Choudhary, whose family was being planned to be shifted to Pakistan."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money case: Govt reveals three names to SCPrint
NEW DELHI: The central government on Monday disclosed to the Supreme Court the names of three black money account holders.
According to CNN IBN report, the names disclosed are former Dabur Executive Director Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based businessman Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya and Goa-based miner Radha S Timblo.
The names were included in an affidavit filed by the government in the apex court.  No politician was named by the government in its initial list of the black money account holders.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party had promised to bring back black money stashed abroad illegally by Indian businessmen and politicians if the party was voted to power.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had earlier rubbished allegations by opposition parties that BJP was reluctant in revealing names of people having black money stashed abroad and said that Congress party would be embarrassed if names of people having accounts abroad were released.
The Centre had last week told the Supreme Court that it cannot disclose the names of all those having black money stashed abroad as it violated the double taxation avoidance agreement. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Kotak Mah Bank hits new high; BoAML ups target post Q2 nosOct 27, 2014, 01.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Mah Bank hits new high; BoAML ups target post Q2 nos
The brokerage house believes the bank is back on growth path as second quarter (July-December) earnings beat by 16 percent on higher topline and fees. Moreover, loan growth is strong and CASA also showing stronger growth on expanded distribution, it added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kotak Mah Bank hits new high; BoAML ups target post Q2 nos
The brokerage house believes the bank is back on growth path as second quarter (July-December) earnings beat by 16 percent on higher topline and fees. Moreover, loan growth is strong and CASA also showing stronger growth on expanded distribution, it added.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Kotak Mahindra Bank gained nearly 3 percent intraday Monday to touch an all-time high of Rs 1,090 as Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BoAML) advises buying the stock with increased target price of Rs 1,250 post second quarter earnings.
The brokerage house believes the bank is back on growth path as second quarter (July-December) earnings beat by 16 percent on higher topline and fees. Moreover, loan growth is strong and CASA also showing stronger growth on expanded distribution, it added.
The private sector lender's (on October 22) standalone profit after tax jumped 26 percent year-on-year to Rs 444.5 crore led by strong other income and lower provisions. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 352.54 crore.
Standalone (includes only banking operations) net interest income rose by 12.4 percent, in-line, to Rs 1,039 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 924.11 crore in same quarter last year. Other income climbed 57 percent to Rs 466.5 crore from Rs 297 crore during the same period. Net interest margin expanded by 10 basis points to 5 percent from 4.9 percent on sequential basis.
BoAML raised earnings per share (EPS) estimates by around 2 percent/3 percent for the consolidated business for FY15/16, respectively driven largely by the bank. "Upside to EPS should come from ‘bought out stressed assets’ (of the net book value, after write-offs, of Rs 250 crore, gross collectible amount is Rs 1800-2000 crore)," it said.
Asset quality of the bank was stable during the quarter with the standalone gross non-performing assets (NPA) at 1.89 percent as against 1.88 percent in previous quarter and 1.97 percent in the year-ago period. Net NPA stood at 1 percent compared to 0.98 percent Q-o-Q and 0.96 percent Y-o-Y.
The brokerage said while headline bank level NPLs rose by 9 percent Q-o-Q, asset quality remains manageable, with gross NPLs at only 1.9 percent and cover at 56 percent. Consolidated level earnings grew 23 percent Y-o-Y led by the auto finance, broking and life insurance business.
The bank delivered 28 percent loan growth Y-o-Y (highest against last 5-6 quarters), excluding commercial vehicle decline, driven by corporate and agriculture banking and the bank continued to deliver on CASA (up 180 basis points Y-o-Y; growth of around 40 percent in savings).
BoAML believes the bank is well poised to garner both loan and CASA market share (around 90 bps of total) driven by fast expanding distribution (around 40 percent of branches opened in last two years) driving in new customers in to the bank.
At 13:06 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,086.80, up Rs 27.10, or 2.56 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

New Alto K10 is another winner from MarutiNew Maruti Suzuki Alto K10: Review
27 Oct, 2014
Vikrant Singh, Zigwheels.com
It is the highest selling car in India; has been for ages. And just so it continues to be for the next decade and more, the Alto has continued to receive timely updates. The last model to get a thorough makeover, however, was the Alto 800.
But, now, it's K10's turn; the more powerful, the more fun to drive and the slightly more expensive Alto.

Pradip Burman s foreign bank account is legal: DaburPradip Burman's foreign bank account is legal, says Dabur
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 17:44 IST
Photo: Reuters
Pradip Burman's foreign bank account was "opened when he was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account", Dabur India said on Monday in an official statement. Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Lodhya, who was also named by the government in Supreme Court having black money account, has denied having an account in Swiss Bank.
Pradip Burman is a member of the promoter family of Dabur India.
"The Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels. We wish to state that this account was opened when he was an NRI and was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable. Therefore, it is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush," the official statement said.
Pradip Burman was once a wholetime director of Dabur India but he does not hold any executive position in the company now.
Dabur India is a 130-year-old fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) company that started its journey from erstwhile Calcutta and has around 200 plus products in its portfolio.
Meanwhile, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Lodhya, who has been named by the Centre in an affidavit filed before the Supreme Court in the black money case, denied having a foreign bank account and said he was shocked to find his name in the list.
"I have no account in the Swiss bank. I have no foreign bank account. I came to know about this from media, I am shocked," Lodhya told reporters in Rajkot.
"I have declared all my wealth before the Income Tax department," he said.
Replying to a question on his future course of action, Lodhya said, "We will cooperate with all the authorities and legal procedure will be followed by us."
Lodhya is the owner of city-based Shreeji Trading Company, which is involved in bullion trading. It has business links in all major cities of the country for gold trading.
The firm offers wholesale delivery of bullion to domestic users like ornament manufacturers, goldsmiths, jewellers and semi-wholesalers.
The group, established 15 years back, has branch networks in Ahmedabad, New Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore, its website said.
It has two subsidiaries - Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd and Shreeji Realty.
Lodhya's firm also started a spot precious metal online trading system called Shreeji Spot in 2008.
The central government on Monday disclosed names of three people,  including Pradeep Burman, who are holding bank accounts in foreign  countries and are now under the lens of Income Tax authorities.
(With PTI inputs)

Nokia 130 launched in India by Microsoft Devices  price set at Rs 1 649E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A booming business: How black money racket runs in IndiaCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had parked $462 billion in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Hindustan Times presents a lowdown on how deals thrive outside the financial system in a bustling cash economy, hoodwinking authorities by creating a web of transactions to obscure the source of slush funds.
 
What is black money
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links
 
In god we trust, rest only cash
About two-thirds of India’s GDP run on cash—about Rs. 62 lakh crore a year. For instance, grocery is bought and services are paid in cash.
 
Realty leads pervasive evasion
About a third of India’s black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
How the dirt gets washed
 

Banks adjust digital vision for tech-nos© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68e9c056-1d66-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Travel insurance rates may remain stable this year as rupee volatility easesTravel insurance rates may remain stable this year as rupee volatility eases
Deepa Nair
Tweet
PTI Risky proposition Indians purchase insurance more for overseas travel than domestic travel.
Last year, a volatile rupee had prompted insurers to ask IRDA to link travel insurance to exchange rate fluctuations
Mumbai, October 27:  
Travellers will not feel the pinch of rising travel insurance premiums this year, thanks to the stability of the rupee, which has ensured that insurers maintain the current rates.
The claims for outbound travel insurance are paid out by general insurance companies in foreign currency, while they usually collect the premium in rupees.
A senior official of a public sector general insurance company said that since the rupee has stabilised at 60-61 to the dollar over the last six months, general insurers would be able to maintain the current premium rates.
Last year, faced with volatile rupee movements, general insurers had asked the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority to link travel insurance to the exchange rate fluctuation in the currency.
According to a recent study by ICICI Lombard, despite an increase in the number of Indians travelling for leisure and business in the international and domestic circuits, purchase of travel insurance, especially for trips to Asian countries and in the domestic sector, remains very low.
The survey results showed that while taking leisure trips, Indians purchase insurance more for overseas travel (38 per cent) than domestic travel (4 per cent).
Medical claims account for a major proportion of travel-related claims. However, those travelling un-insured could be doing so at their own peril: for instance, hospitalisation for a day in the US could cost up to $10,000.
According to Sanjay Datta, Chief, Underwriting and Claims, ICICI Lombard, “It is important that Indian travellers realise the criticality of taking travel insurance for covering unforeseen risks pertaining to medical emergencies, and tour-related mishaps such as baggage loss.”
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

BSNL workers union denounces TRAI proposal on spectrumBSNL workers’ union ‘denounces’ TRAI proposal on spectrum
Our Bureau
“Recommendation of TRAI asking BSNL to surrender 1.2 MHz in 900 MHz band is denounced and condemned by this association.”
New Delhi, October 27:  
The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd employees’ union has raised concerns over telecom regulator TRAI’s recent proposal on spectrum saying that it favoured private telecom companies.
The Sanchar Nigam Executive Association (SNEA), in a letter to Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, has said that TRAI’s recommendation asking BSNL to surrender 1.2 MHz of spectrum in the premium 900 MHz band was contrary to the company’s interest.
“The recommendation of TRAI asking BSNL to surrender 1.2 MHz in the 900 MHz band is denounced and condemned by this association. We are confident that policy-makers and owners of country’s prestigious and strategic telecom company will not allow the last nail in the coffin of BSNL.
“BSNL has to grow at any cost and its growth is extremely critical from a largely national perspective,” the SNEA said in the letter.
The 900 MHz spectrum band is more efficient and cost effective than the 1800 MHz band. Spectrum in the 900 MHz band was allocated to operators who took licences before 2000 for 20 years. Some of these licences are up for renewal this year. But the Government has taken a decision that there will be no automatic renewal and operators will have to buy back the spectrum through the auction route. The problem is that in the 900 MHz band, only the spectrum held by the incumbent players is available for the auction.
This puts immense pressure on operators as they will have to win back this spectrum to ensure business continuity. BSNL, being a state-run operator, has been exempted from giving up its spectrum in the 900 MHz band but TRAI has proposed to take back 1.2 MHz spectrum in the 900 MHz band in order to ensure that there is enough spectrum in the auction pool.
BSNL employees feel this will make it difficult for the company to operate. “This will leave BSNL without sufficient premium 900 MHZ band spectrum for its own operations and services,” VAN Nambodiri, President of the BSNL Employees Union, wrote in a blog post.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

CBI Investigating Coal Block Allocated to Company: Jindal SteelYou are here: Home Corporates
Jindal Steel says CBI Investigating Coal Block Allocated to Company
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Jindal Steel and Power Ltd said on Monday the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) was investigating the allotment of a coal block to the company.
Jindal said the CBI had filed a first information report against the company based on a preliminary enquiry initiated on directions from the Central Vigilance Commission.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Manufacturers mull separate lines for virtual and real world shoppersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sena tries to mend fences with BJPUpdated: November 12, 2014 11:30 IST
Sena tries to mend fences with BJP
Alok Deshpande
PTI BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis celebrates with supporters after the party's victory in the Maharashtra Assembly polls, in Mumbai. File photo
TOPICS
government
In a move to mend differences with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Shiv Sena on Monday announced that it will support any leader from the BJP who will be given the task to lead the state. The party even toned down its aggressive stand against the division of Maharashtra, which is said to be on the BJP’s agenda.
“The people’s blessings cannot to be confined within limits. Shiv Sena will stand with absolute force and courage with whoever is given the chance to ride the chariot to take Maharashtra forward,” said an editorial in party mouthpiece Saamna.
Following the Maharashtra state assembly results, the Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said that his party will extend support to the BJP only after the assurance of united Maharashtra. The Sena is against the division of the state by forming a new statehood of Vidarbha. The state BJP leadership however is in favour of a new state.
Sena’s changed position comes in response to the statement of Senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde on Sunday, where he said that the BJP wanted a tie-up with the Sena, but without any condition. There is growing frustration within the Shiv Sena which has been kept on hold by the BJP ever since the election results. With the meeting to select the BJP’s chief ministerial candidate to be held on Tuesday, the Sena seem to be putting its last effort to woo the BJP leadership.
The editorial however reiterated the party’s stand on united Maharashtra, but in a mild manner. “Maharashtra should not divide itself over the differences of castes, sub-castes and region. It should remain united. At some point of time, the BJP’s Chief Minister will have to work for the united state, keeping the political position aside,” said the editorial.
“Maharashtra has kept its pride intact since Chhatrapati Shivaji’s time. It would be great if new rulers too follow the same path,” it said.
Recounting the names of several contenders within the BJP for the CM’s post, the editorial said that the ultimate decision lies with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP President Amit Shah. “The BJP won more seats because of Modi and Shah,” it said. Claiming that the Sena never differentiated between Hindus on the basis of region, the editorial hinted that certain community voted only for a particular party. “However BJP’s win is better than the win of the Congress and the NCP.
The editorial added that attempts are made to defame the Sena by spreading false news items. “Do not test our patience. Your joy of doing such things will not last longer,” it said.
FAQ on the BJP-Sena split
Maharashtra went to the polls on October 15, 2014. For the first time in two decades, it witnessed a five-cornered contest as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year alliance (and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress their 15-year coalition) and with Maharashtra Navanirman Sena also being in the fray. On October 19 the results of the Maharashtra bypolls were announced and the BJP won in a simple majority with 123 seats while the Shiv Sena won 63.
What led to the BJP-Sena split?
The main reason for the split was the failure to reach a consensus over seat-sharing for the Assembly elections. While the BJP demanded at least 130 seats, Shiv Sena refused to give its ally more than 119. Earlier, Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray expressed his desire for the Chief Minister’s post, which the BJP refused to accept.
What’s the status quo?
On October 27th, the Shiv Sena announced that it will support any CM candidate from the BJP. Even as a section of the BJP State unit continues to lobby for a minority government in Maharashtra with the help of Independents, the party announced that it wanted a tie-up with its estranged ally, the Shiv Sena. However, this announcement came with the rider that the Sena should come on board without any conditions.
How did the parties come together in Maharashtra 25 years ago?
The BJP and Shiv Sena came together to forge an alliance in Maharashtra in 1989. Shiv Sena had always had the upper hand among the two parties in the State, with major share of the seats going to the Sena. The Sena came to power in 1995, and stayed in power for a term. Though they were out of the hot seat for the last 15 years, together they were strong as the opposition party. Shiv Sena was part of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). However, the relationship has faced many ups and downs over the years. After Bal Thackeray’s death in 2012, former BJP president Nitin Gadkari was against continuing the alliance with the Sena’s new chief Uddhav Thackeray.

Telenor skips 3G  bets on  disruptive  4G te...You are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Norway’s Telenor skips 3G, bets on 'disruptive' 4G technology
Deepali Gupta, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 03.13AM IST
Tags:
4G
(Norway’s Telenor is…)
UMBAI: Norway's Telenor is working on technology that will allow it to offer highspeed 4G mobile broadband services with less spectrum than currently needed, skipping 3G altogether in India — a move that some say may disrupt the plans of bigger rivals.
"We are not there yet, but in the future we believe that this might be possible," Hilde Tonne, executive vice president and head of Group Industrial Development at Telenor, told ET.
Once the technology is ready and its permit is converted into a unified licence, Telenor's Indian unit Uninor can offer 4G services without buying more spectrum than what it already has in the 1800 MHz band. A unified licence allows airwaves to be used to offer any technology — 2G, 3G or 4G.
According to analysts, the ecosystem for offering 4G over the 1800 MHz band (FDD-LTE), which Uninor has, is far more developed globally than the 2300 MHz band held by Bharti Airtel and Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm. While both companies recently also won 1800 MHz spectrum, Airtel has started 4G services in some cities using the 2300 MHz band and Jio is expected to begin next year.
Uninor, which is known for its 'sabse sasta' offerings, may well start a price war for the service since it has the advantage of using its existing bandwidth while rivals have to use airwaves acquired through auctions, say experts. "This may weaken the business case for bigger players who have 4G plans and airwaves for the next spurt in internet users," said a senior industry official, who asked not to be identified.
However, skeptics say the quality of service through such technology is usually very poor.
"It is called narrow band LTE, which is a reasonable solution for 4G in India at the moment, but the less spectrum you use, the lower throughput you get," said Sandeep Girotra, head of Nokia Solutions and Networks in India. The company manages networks for Indian telecom companies, including Bharti Airtel.
Uninor, which has 32.5 million 2G mobile subscribers in six circles, needs to make a decisive move on data growth in India, given that it doesn't have 3G spectrum and 4G is still some way from broad adoption. The decision to skip 3G is based on its experience in Bangladesh. "In Bangladesh, we had started investing in 3G, but after three quarters of the year, saw it (data revolution) coming much faster; so we decided to stop 3G and phase in 4G," said Tonne. In Myanmar, Tonne said vendors were already asking about wireless data speeds and video downloads. "This is a country where there has been no mobile service at all." Users, she adds, are ready to skip a generation in India and around Asia.
In terms of cost, it is better to buy additional spectrum than to set up increased infrastructure to deploy 4G using less airwaves, according to the Cellular Operators Association of India, a lobby group of GSM companies such as Airtel, Vodafone India, Idea Cellular , Reliance Jio and Uninor.
"These technologies are still in the lab. By the time they will come and be deployed, who knows (the market position)," said Rajan Mathews, director general of COAI.
Telenor has more than the technical aspect to contend with. The company cannot offer any service it wants on its airwaves until the Department of Telecom frees them for use, the way it was done for airwaves auctioned after February. "Now, we have 2G and spectrum is challenging (in India). Technology neutrality is crucial for enabling new efficient technology choices that delivers development and what the customers want," Tonne said.
The other trigger for adoption would be devices. While 3G devices are likely to fall to the $25 (Rs 1,500) mark by 2015, according to Tonne, the 4G ecosystem may still be some time away. Telenor has a co-branded phone with Firefox for the Bangladesh market in which it may integrate a 4G chip. The instrument currently costs $49 (Rs 3,000) and may be sourced for the Indian market if Uninor wishes, Tonne said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Khattar vows to review  if needed undo  Hooda govts late decisionsManohar Lal Khattar.(Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:46 am
Haryana’s new chief minister, Manohar Lal Khattar, said today his cabinet has decided to review many of the decisions taken by the previous Congress government towards the end of its term.
“Whichever policies and decisions are found to be in public interest will continue to be implemented, the rest will be scrapped,” Khattar told the media after chairing a meeting of the newly formed cabinet here today.
The cabinet has also decided to put all ongoing recruitments and appointments on hold for the time being and “reexamine” all appointments and recruitments made by the previous government after May 16, 2014.
This means the appointment of officers perceived as close to former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to coveted posts, such as Right to Information Commissioner, Right to Service Commissioner and Food Commission member, will come under the scanner. So will that of officers who were re-employed by the Hooda government in the last five months.
“All appointments in which the officers were re-employed before their retirement or in violation of any rules will also be reviewed and, if found irregular, reversed,” Khattar added. “I have sought a list of such re-employments to take further action in the next cabinet meeting.”
All last-minute decisions by the Hooda government, which include implementation of state pay scales at par with the Punjab government and increasing old age pension, will be reviewed, the CM said. The government had announced implementation of both these decisions from November 1.
On alleged land scams during Hooda’s tenure, including the Robert Vadra-DLF land deals, Khattar said, “We will not indulge in vendetta politics. However, complaints will be probed and the law will take its course.”
During an interaction with the media, Khattar also announced that the Vidhan Sabha session will begin on November 3.
Khattar arrived at the media briefing at the scheduled time of 12.15 pm. After discussing the cabinet decisions and replying to a couple of questions from journalists, Khattar left in nine minutes. He left for New Delhi in the evening.
No announcement on ministers’ portfolios was made today. Khattar is expected to first discuss the portfolios with the BJP leadership.
“The priority of the state government is to implement the agenda for the welfare of people of the state. The cabinet has also decided to review complaints on paddy procurement and action will be taken at the next cabinet meeting,” Khattar said.

RSS news service launched in more regional languagesPrint
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:26 am
In a bid to make the most of the BJP’s emergence at the Centre and in states, the RSS has expanded its publicity machinery by launching its news service, Hindusthan Samachar, in almost 10 more languages. Significantly, the service, launched by RSS leader S S Apte in 1948, is being expanded keeping in mind the states where BJP wants to expand its footprint. The new languages include Malayalam, Bengali and Assamese.
“We have decided to expand keeping in view the new scenario, in which India as a nation has become stronger (since the NDA came to power at the Centre),” said Lakshmi Narayan Bhala, patron, Hindusthan Samachar.
According to sources, it also intends to start a separate branch to provide video footage to electronic media.
Bhala said the news service, which is entirely web-based, is now available in English, Hindi, Marathi, Bengali, Gujarati, Assamese, Malayalam, Kannada, Punjabi, Sindhi and Nepali. “We publish some items in Sanskrit, too,” he said. The service would soon be available in Telugu, Urdu and Oriya as well.
“The agency will provide all kinds of news — on politics, economics, crime, films, sports and other events…We will try to give maximum coverage to all events in these fields,” Bhala said. The agency, which has 300 newspapers as subscribers, has 150 regular employees and 500 stringers.
Bhala says the funds to run the service come from the subscription fee.
While Doordarshan and All India Radio already subscribe to the service, other government offices and agencies are expected to follow suit. According to its website, the Bihar government started subscribing to the Hindusthan Samachar in 1951, the Nepal Radio in 1953, DD in 1964 and AIR in 1968. The news service was closed in 1975 during the Emergency. It was restored after the Emergency, but stopped functioning in 1986 “due to unavoidable reasons”, says Bhala. It was resumed again in 2001.
Bhala conceded that the recent expansion is linked to the BJP’s electoral victories. “Ideologically we (the RSS and the BJP) are on the same platform. But we do not take it for granted because they have to speak in a political language,” he said. The choice of languages is significant since the BJP has declared its plan to try and come to power in West Bengal, Assam and Kerala.

The curious case of Trilokpuri violenceComments
What triggered the sporadic violence that continues to envelop east Delhi’s Trilokpuri? Your guess is as good as any local resident’s depending on whom you ask.
Those belonging to the hot-blooded age group of 18-25 blame “boys from the other community”. Their parents claim they took part in the violence to save their sons from “police brutality”. Others blamed ‘outsiders’ for their continued troubles.
Meanwhile the police have continued to probe the role of rumour-mongers and political opportunists in the entire episode.
Taking into account all perspectives, HT has attempted to piece together a narrative.
Diwali incident
Many blame the first violence on a ‘man being caught urinating next to a Mata ki Chowki’ set up near a cleaned-out garbage dump on Diwali.
“I heard that a Muslim boy was found urinating there even as a puja was being performed inside. When asked to leave, he began hitting everyone else present,” said a Hindu resident.
“Muslims have been angry ever since the local authorities disallowed them from using a local ground to offer prayers this Eid but allowed the Hindus to organise the chowki,” he added.
“We did what anyone would have done. We had to avenge the desecration, so we marched down to their mosque to do the same,” another resident said.
They also alleged that some men pelted stones at them from the terrace of the mosque which led to the subsequent violence.
‘Outside’ influence
There are others who believe that the violence was incited by outsiders. Most of these people have told the police that though they didn’t know much about what triggered the violence initially and what sustained it for three days, they believe it to be a well thought-out plan involving ‘goons from outside in riot gear’.
“A group of men — in civil clothes, biker helmets and with cricket bats and hockey sticks in their hands — appeared on the streets in one of the blocks on Friday evening and began smashing everything in sight,” said a local resident.
“When people from both communities saw what was happening, they naturally blamed each other for it despite the fact that men who were doing it were big, well-built men who looked like wrestlers. They were outsiders who wanted to take advantage of an issue that could have been resolved amongst ourselves. Our boys couldn’t have damaged their own homes like that,” he added.
Police’s version
Drunken indiscretion, deliberate exaggeration, rumour mongering and an unfortunate short-circuit in a shop led to the riots, sources in the police said.
“We have thoroughly investigated the scene of the supposed desecration of the Mata ki Chowki and found nothing but a broken liquor bottle,” said a senior police officer.   
“Five teenagers from both communities — who are childhood friends and have grown up together — were verbally abused and asked to leave the area near the chowki by local residents. In retaliation, the five hurled a bottle at them as they drove past,” the officer said.
In any case, the police insisted, the episode was, at best, a clash between two gangs of local residents which would could have ended with the arrests of four minor
Muslim boys. However, the involvement of a local politician — who tried to cash in on the situation and called for ‘reinforcements from outside’ — did the damage.

Govt should refrain from  political titillation  on blackmoney: CongressStop 'titillation' on black money, name 55,000 culprits you talked about: Congress tells Modi govt
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 13:42  IST
Oct 28 2014, 13:42  IST
 

How investors can save on tax with ELSS | Poll stocks out of steamBlackRock Tax Saver Fund
("It makes sense to capitalise on…)
MUMBAI: Come December, the finance department of your company may start pushing you to submit proof for tax-saving investments. But, you need not wait till the last day to invest in a tax-saving instrument. With markets off their highs and many on Dalal Street predicting this as the start of a multi-year bull run, investors may consider buying units of mutual funds' taxsaving product — equity linked saving schemes (ELSS), according to investment advisors.
"It makes sense to capitalise on the current volatility in the market by investing in tax-saving funds to save on tax and create wealth," says Gajendra Kothari, MD & CEO, Etica Wealth Management. "Recent reforms announcements should be a positive trigger for equities in the near term," he says. Investors can put up to Rs150,000 into tax-saving products such as ELSS and Public Provident Fund (PPF) to claim income tax exemption under Section 80C.
Investments in ELSS come with threeyear lock-in period. According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking company, ELSS as a category has given 20.52% average returns in the last three years against the Nifty's 16.52% during the period. Wealth managers say investors should stick to schemes with good track record in the long run. Kothari recommends Reliance Tax Saver Fund, ICICI Prudential Tax Plan and DSP BlackRock Tax Saver Fund .
While the market has done well in the past year, with the CNX Nifty registering 28.91% returns, experts are betting on better times ahead. "Companies are expected to report good earnings growth, with Sensex companies posting 15% CAGR over three years. Taking into account expected earnings growth, there may be further valuation upsides in the market," says Chintan Haria, fund manager, ICICI Prudential AMC.
"The three-year lock-in in tax-saving funds makes investors take at least a three-year view on the equity markets". Mutual fund officials and investment advisors, however, warnagainst trying to time the market while buying ELSS. Chandresh Nigam, MD & CEO, Axis AMC, says, "It is better to take a staggered approach to reduce timing risk." He advises spreading current year investments in tax-saving funds over the next three to four months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jack Ma says open to working with Apple on p...Alibaba's Jack Ma says open to working with Apple Inc on mobile payments
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 10.43AM IST
0
Share More
Jack Ma told a Wall Street Journal Digital Live conference on Monday that he has tremendous respect for Apple CEO Tim Cook.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LAGUNA BEACH, CALIFORNIA: Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd executive chairman Jack Ma said he's open to working with Apple Inc on mobile payments, as China's richest person prepares to call on Hollywood this week in search of media partners.
Alibaba affiliate Alipay is China's largest payments service, while Apple just this month debuted its own version of a mobile wallet, letting iPhone 6 users make payments at retailers with their smartphones.
Ma told a Wall Street Journal Digital Live conference on Monday that he has tremendous respect for Apple CEO Tim Cook .
"I hope we can do something together," he said when asked if Alipay and Apple Pay might tie up.
Ma, who amassed a fortune estimated at $25 billion partly through his stake in recent market debutante Alibaba, is a frequent visitor to the United States . This week, he plans to visit a number of Hollywood studios, reportedly to strike up content deals.
"I want to come here looking for partners," he said, adding that China will eventually become the world's largest movie market.
Alibaba, which handles more e-commerce transactions than Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc combined, does not have much of a presence among American retail customers and Ma said his focus for now was on serving his Chinese clientele.
Ma added that he wanted to work on selling American and European products to China, reversing the typical flow of goods over the past 10 to 15 years.
Alibaba has acquired some smaller American companies such as niche online retailer 11Main and Ma said he will continue to invest in the United States.

Nifty may hit 8700-8800 by year-end: JM Financial08:00 am
Gautam Shah, associate director & technical analyst, JM Financial seems extremely bullish on Indian equities. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, he said that Indian equities have been resilient as there has not been even a 10 percent correction in the last 14 months. “This market has seen only time correction and no real price correction. The market set-up continues to be very constructive and the bull trend is definitely intact. So, these dips are healthy for the Nifty to continue its upmove,” he added.
Continuing his positive tone, he said that 8,050 level is short-term resistance for the Nifty and it is likely to hit new record high once this level is breached. Further, he sees the benchmark at 8,700-8,800 by this year-end.
Interestingly, October is a poor month for the Nifty historically, but this time the market has defied history and performed well, he said. However, sentiment and trends for the Nifty are usually upbeat in November and December.
Shah is also upbeat on the Bank Nifty. He has a near-term target of 17,000 for the banking index and eventual target of 19,000. Apart from Bank Nifty, he also likes capital goods space and sees the potential for this sector to perform well going ahead. He is bullish on stocks like L&T ,  BHEL and Siemens . His top three sectoral recommendations also include the oil and gas space.
As far as global markets are concerned, he said that the developed markets may see a consolidation phase in short-term. On currencies, he said that Dollar index in multi-month bull run, may hit 90-92 and the India rupee may appreciate to 57-59/USD by year-end.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Gautam Shah’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy.
Latha: Will it be a great year ahead for the Nifty, first chart it out for the remainder of 2014 itself. Are there some dips to be seen, will the 8.200 level be conquered will we set new highs?
A: In a bull market dips come and go and that should really not bog you down. It is quite amazing to note that for the last 14 months our market has not seen a single 10 percent correction and this is a very important statistic because it actually tells you how clean and how strong this move has been. The last time something like this happened was in that period of late 2002 and whole of 2003 and it is almost after 10 years such a development has taken place because people keep talking of correction, excesses in the market but what we have seen in the last many months just time correction and no real price correction.
The set up continues to be quite healthy. There are four aspects to this current market set up; from a technical perspective, sentimental perspective, seasonal and global. From a technical perspective I am extremely pleased with the way the markets have behaved in the recent past because early October you had the markets get into a little bit of correction and we actually saw a 5 percent fall but then it just took the market four days to cover up three weeks of losses. So, that tells you the bull market is definitely intact and the underlying trend of the market continues to be very strong.
The markets are also back above the moving averages; most of the technical indicators are well placed now. There was a little bit of a worry in August when things started to look a little overheated and the weekly charts had turned very overboard with some legs of divergence but all of that has really got nullified after the kind of time correction that we have seen in the late September and early October.
From a sentimental perspective we have enough clarity looking at the F&O data that there are no excesses in the system at this point of time. You don’t have a scenario wherein just about everything is moving in the market even when the Nifty has been steady you had so many sectors like metals, power, Public Sector Undertakings (PSU), realty, infrastructure all of these sectors have come off quite a bit and that has really lead to this market balancing it out from a sentimental stand point and you do not have a scenario wherein just about every sector is doing well. So that is great news.
Seasonally we are in a very sweet spot, because I have said this many times in the past, the month of October probably has the worst track record for our markets and once again magically the month of October has played out perfectly because you had a pretty decent correction in the Indian market in the first half and the global market saw a much deeper correction and typically the lows of October tend to hold out for a long time and we are just few days away from entering the month of November and November and December typically are months wherein the sentiment and trend is quite upbeat.
From a global stand point things have improved quite a bit in the recent past because some of these US market indices and European market indices witnessed an 8-9 percent correction but the quick and sharp rebound that they have seen in the recent past suggests that things are getting better there as well. Therefore all of factors put together suggest that the market remain on a strong wicket. 8,050 is sort of an important resistance from an extreme short term perspective. Once that gets taken out we are looking at the Nifty hitting new lifetime highs and we feel that eventually the target for this leg of the move is about 8,600-8,700 and we hope to see this level before the New Year.
Sonia: A couple of weeks ago the only reason for which this market could have corrected was global but that as well has recovered. In fact this morning Goldman Sachs has put out a note where they expect to see the S&P 500 at 2150 by the end of 2015. What is your prognosis on US markets now?
A: It is a bit of a tricky call because US markets tend to see a lot more whipsaws than some of the Asian markets or the emerging markets. I would like to believe that the US markets are not going to make a higher high in a hurry because this correction that we saw in the first half of October in US and Europe tells you that there is some sort of reversal and this is just a temporary bounce that has taken place.
So in that sense India might not really see a clean move up from current levels but I am pretty sure that the Indian markets are going to outperform. Yes, the US market volatility could lead to some volatility here as well but the US markets will now broadly get into a range on the downside above 16,000 and on the upside above 17,500 on the DOW and it will just stay very volatile within this 1,500 points band.
Let us not forget for the last two years the US markets have been making higher highs consistently. But in the last three months those higher highs have not been backed by the technical indicators. That is a reason I would like to believe that at least for the time being the developed world is going to see a little more of consolidation and correction but if you look at the local news flow it has really got better and better in the recent past. So if you really have to go by the local factors November and December looks like really good months for our markets whatever might be the case in the US and Europe.

Crude oil looks positive: AstromoneyguruLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crude oil looks positive: Astromoneyguru
Crude oil has seen vertical fall in global commodity market. As per astro economics now time to trade in crude oil, says Ajay Jain, CEO, Astromoneyguru.
Post your opinion here
 
As per Col Ajay Jain, CEO, Astromoneyguru, as per astro economics October 28 is represented by planet Sun and year 2014 is represented by planet known as Ketu. As per Ajay market theory, this combination may give positive movement in crude oil Indian and International commodities market.
Crude oil has seen vertical fall in global commodity market. As per astro economics now time to trade in crude oil. As per astro economics around USD 80 per barrel crude oil may bounce back, since this is supposed to be strong support at these levels.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Jubilant Foodworks Falls Ahead of EarningsJubilant Foodworks Falls Ahead of Earnings
Sensex holds 26 800; ICICI Bank  SBI up over 1%Sensex holds 26 800; ICICI Bank  SBI up over 1%
Sensex  Nifty firm; SBI subsidiaries rally on SBM Q2 nosSensex  Nifty firm; SBI subsidiaries rally on SBM Q2 nos
Hong Kong: Behind the umbrellas  the story of the uprisingHong Kong: Behind the umbrellas  the story of the uprising
Indiabulls Housing jumps over 2% after Q2 resultsIndiabulls Housing jumps over 2% after Q2 results
SoftBank investing $627M in SnapdealSoftBank investing $627M in Snapdeal
COLUMN-Why some Asian refiners want higher crude prices  for now: RussellCOLUMN-Why some Asian refiners want higher crude prices  for now: Russell
BJP furious over Shiv Sena invoking Narendra Modi s father in tussle  set to go solo in MahaHi Guest
BJP furious over Shiv Sena invoking Narendra Modi's father in tussle, set to go solo in Maha
The Shiv Sena is unlikely to find a place in the new Bharatiya Janata Party-led (BJP) government in Maharashtra that is expected to be sworn in on October 31 here, according to a senior BJP leader.     "There is no chance of the Shiv Sena being part ...

Equity NAVs end mixed as markets end flat on profit bookingEquity NAVs end mixed as markets end flat on profit booking
Iron ore slides to five-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c25c552-3905-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://twitter.com/jeffe...http://twitter.com/jeffe...
Insurers unready for climate change© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/775e5d40-5a10-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU agrees target to cut gas emissionsEU agrees target to cut gas emissions
Christian Oliver and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/490885ec-5b14-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP leader Manohar Lal Khattar sworn-in as Haryana CMpicture  others
BJP leader Manohar Lal Khattar sworn-in as Haryana CM
BJP supporters attending the swearing-in ceremony are seen hanging their clothes on trees due to a ban on wearing black attire inside the venue. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A BJP supporter takes off his black t-shirt before entering the venue. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A policeman seen frisking a man before allowing him inside the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Police confiscate match boxes, beedi packets outside the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Supporters seen smoking outside the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Haryana Police seen performing checks on roads leading up to the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Roads decked with flexiboards welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A policeman seen recording using a handy-camera. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
BJP workers at the swearing-in ceremony.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Manohar Lal Khattar, Karnal MLA, after sworn-in as BJP’s first ever Chief Minister of Haryana in a grand ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar along with his ministers (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar greets senior BJP leader L K Advani. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar and state Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki at the swearing-in ceremony.(Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at Khattar's swearing-in ceremony. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
PM Narendra Modi waves at the crowd gathered for Khattar's swearing-in ceremony. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj at the swearing-in ceremony. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Newly sworn-in ministers greet PM Modi. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
PM Modi in conversation with BJP chief Amit Shah. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
BJP leaders LK Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh, and Venkaiah Naidu were present at the swearing-in ceremony.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
A large number of RSS and other religious leaders also attended the occasion. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh waves at the crowd.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Navjot Singh Sidhu talks to Amit Shah.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Punjab Chief Minister Prakash SIngh Badal shakes hands. Also seen are Gujarat CM Anadiben Patel and Union Minister Maneka Gandhi.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Related

Die Linke set to take power in ThuringiaDie Linke set to take power in Thuringia
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48cebbba-5cfd-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Residential property sales likely to improve in 6-12 months: SurveyConsumer interest
(Real estate purchase sentiment…)
MUMBAI: Real estate purchase sentiment index has improved by almost 2.5 points to 32.3 in September this year reflecting an improvement in consumer interest after a long period of lull, says a survey.
According to ZyFin Research, the index improved by 2.5 points to 32.5 compared to 29.8 in August, suggesting a recovery in consumer interest after the score bottomed out in April this year.
"This improvement in the overall index signifies that a larger number of Indian consumers are planning to purchase homes within the next 6-12 months," ZyFin Research Chief Economist Debopam Chaudhuri said.
According to the survey of 4,000 consumers in 18 cities across the country representing urban consumers, the improvement was led by stronger confidence levels in the north and south India compared to those in the east and west.
While the index in the north rose to 44.8 in September from 40.2 in the previous month, in the south, the score increased to 40.5 from 36.4.
The index is at its lowest in the east at 20.7, but this is also an improvement over the previous month's score of 19.1. The west registered a score of 27.5 in September, as compared to 26.7 in August.
"Historically, the sentiment index has had a strong correlation with actual sales of homes. With the festive season coinciding with the recovery in sentiment, home sales are expected to be better this season, as compared to 2012 or 2013," Chaudhuri said.
Of the 18 cities surveyed, Delhi, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Mangalore hold an optimistic outlook on purchasing homes, the survey highlighted.
Of these, Bengaluru and Mumbai have turned optimistic from pessimistic in the current month. While Bengaluru posted a score of 62.5 in September, as compared to 42.5 in August, Mumbai improved to 52.5 from 40.5. The remaining three, Delhi, Hyderabad and Mangalore, have been consistently optimistic on home purchase in recent months, the survey said.
"With rising confidence among consumers towards employment conditions and household income, they are once again showing an inclination to purchase homes. If affordable housing plans are executed in reality, there would be a substantial demand in country's larger cities, as re-iterated by consumers through this index," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Best loan offers from private and public sector lendersStory
Best loan buys
Are you scouting for a loan to buy a house, a car or for your child's education? Given below are the best deals on offer from public and private sector lenders.
Team Money Today        Edition: October 2014
Photo: Reuters
Are you scouting for a loan to buy a house, a car or for your child's education? Given below are the best deals on offer from public and private sector lenders.
Best Loan Buys

How Zen Technologies turned into a Rs 49 cr ventureYou are here: Home > Collections
How Ashok Atluri led Zen Technologies turned into a Rs 49 crore venture
Samarpan Dutta, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Bankruptcy
(Through its indigenously…)
I wanted to contribute to the society in some way ever since I was a child. So, after graduating in commerce, in 1985, and completing my Applied Computer Science course, both from Hyderabad, I looked around for ways to make my dream come true. By then, I had already made up my mind to have an enterprise of my own. So, when I chanced upon an opportunity to develop software and networking solutions for the armed forces and the police, I seized it. However, I made little money on this project. Despite this, I started meeting senior defence and police officials to find out if I could come up with solutions to the pressing problems faced by the armed forces.
During one such interaction, I discovered that there was a severe shortage of shooting ranges and ammunition for training and it was a problem to which the forces had no answer. This got me thinking. I knew how armed forces in the West used simulators to equip their personnel with flight, gunnery and marksmanship skills.
With the help of my software programmer friends, I started working on a pilot project to develop a simulator, and it took us a couple of years to build one. Finally, Zen Technologies was born in Hyderabad, in 1993. To start with, there were only three of us and I invested Rs 5 lakh, which included all my savings as well as a loan from my family members and a few close friends.
However, convincing people on the use of virtual shooting ranges was no easy task and the going was extremely difficult for the next three years. This, despite the immense and clear cost advantage that simulators offered. The other challenge was to work with government departments: they would demand past credentials and testimonials from existing clients. We could not produce these because we had none at that point.
We also realised that the procurement cycle was going to be too long for us to sustain. Apart from these issues, every time we were asked for a demonstration, carting the simulator to the customer location and back cost us over Rs 50,000, an extraordinarily high amount in those days.
Finally, we worked out an arrangement with the National Police Academy, where we installed a simulator free of cost. This decision paid off. We were almost on the verge of bankruptcy when a team of senior Delhi Police officers visited the academy and tested the product first-hand. They were delighted with the performance and we bagged our first order in the summer of 1996, almost three years after we had first demonstrated the simulator.
Immediately after we got the first order, we managed to raise funds from the IDBI's Venture Capital Division and gained financial stability. However, unlike in the developed countries, where the government finances private players to provide defence solutions, Zen had to self-financed research and development of new product categories. Therefore, we had to be very careful about the type of projects we could take up. Still, we invested in the best resources because of competition from the world's best companies. We also priced our products very aggressively keeping in mind the international companies.
 
The going was good in the late 1990s and we managed to get our second round of funding of Rs 2 crore in 2000 through an initial public offering. We were the first Indian company to commercialise PC-based visual simulation technology for training simulators and have patents for our key technologies. Zen has a very robust product portfolio and has been the largest supplier of simulators for the Indian security forces. Our efforts were recognised in 2012, when we won the National Technology Award. Recently, we have launched three new simulators—Containerized Tubular Shooting Range (CTSR), Automatic Grenade Launcher (AGL) and the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV).
Today, we have a large team comprising 243 employees and our total revenue for 2013-14 stood at Rs 49.89 crore. Of this amount, we have spent Rs 20 crore, or over 40per cent of the gross turnover, on research and development.
The company is now planning to expand its export business even as we continue to focus on being a reliable indigenous player. Our recent tie-up with the US-based Rockwell Collins to provide high fidelity solutions to the Indian military is a step towards achieving this goal. We also expect to benefit immensely from the 'Make in India' campaign and foreign direct investment in the defence equipment manufacturing sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Durga Menon led whole-wheat bakery Lluvia is a social enterprise?Lluvia
(It was hard at first, but…)
After 12 years in the US, Durga Menon decided to come back to India. The software engineer's move to return to her roots in Bangalore was prompted by a desire to be close to her family and do something socially meaningful. However, she hadn't identified the route she would take. It wasn't until her husband, Srihari Reddy, suggested that she open a bakery that things began to fall in place.
Menon, 41, had always cooked for family and friends, and had even done a bakery course on breads in the US. So, with the aim of promoting healthy eating in Bangalore, she decided to open a whole-wheat bakery. "The idea was borne of a desire to bake healthy. We didn't eat out much, but on the rare occasion we did, we realised that we had exhausted all bakery options in the vicinity," says Menon. So, with an initial investment of Rs 40,000, she started Lluvia bakery from her home kitchen.
Creating awareness about healthy wholegrain bread was a key challenge. "No one had heard of artisanal, batch-baked, whole-wheat breads," she says. "Almost all bakeries in the city were into commercial baking. There were a lot of sceptics, including bakery supply vendors, who told me to go with the flow or face closure soon," adds Menon. Since all products at Lluvia, including bread, were made on order, it took some time for the customers, used to picking up a loaf from the rack, to start placing orders in advance. Gradually, however, the bakery started gaining popularity. "We spent many hours educating people on eating preservative-free, whole-wheat products. It was hard at first, but over time, people began to realise the value of fresh and healthy alternatives that we were offering," says Menon.
Currently, Lluvia has a staff of 10 and the unique thing is that all bakers are single mothers. "We train single mothers from economically backward families in a new skill—baking. This makes them figuratively and literally breadwinners for their families," says Menon. Teaching them to bake has been another tough challenge. However, inspired by social entrepreneur and Nobel laureate Mohammed Yunus's book Creating a World Without Poverty, Menon has found it socially worthwhile to stick to her hiring policy. "This is a much better way of giving something to the society than simply donating money," she says.
 
Lluvia's first-year revenue stood at a meagre Rs 60,000. This was a steep fall in earnings for Menon compared to that from her cushy job in the US. Now, however, the increasing demand has seen a healthy topline growth for her social enterprise. In 2013, the bakery notched up a revenue of close to Rs 12 lakh. "We expect this growth to continue, and by end-2014, we hope to double the revenue," says Menon.
Expanding operations has also meant that Lluvia moved out of Menon's kitchen to a proper baking unit a few months ago. Her husband, also a software engineer, has joined the bakery as head of business. Setting up the new unit has led to an added expense of nearly Rs 17 lakh. The major chunk of this came from the couple's savings and internal accruals. The rest was provided by Vidya Nihil, a former physics professor, who has joined the business as its head of marketing and strategy. Menon, who is the head of operations, is focusing on building the business in Bangalore for another year before moving to other metros. "We want to build Lluvia into a socially responsible, profitable enterprise, where every employee has a share in the business," she says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena relents  to back BJP s CM choice in MaharashtraEYE BROWSE
Shiv Sena to back BJP's CM choice in Maharashtra
The party in its mouthpiece said it will back any chief minister of the BJP's choice without any objection.
Yahoo India –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
MUMBAI: Shiv Sena on Monday said in its mouthpiece 'Saamna' they will support the Bharatiya Janata Party to form government in Maharashtra without objecting to the latter's choice of chief minister, CNN IBN reports.
The editorial column ended the uncertainty over the possibility of alliance between the two estranged parties to form the state government.
The editorial said, "Whoever is made the CM of Maharshtra - Nitin Gadkari or Devendra Fadnavis - Shiv Sena will support the leader who takes the state forward."
The editorial added Sena wants the state to have 'Shiv Rajya' with an inspiration leader at the helm.
Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut was quoted by CNN IBN as saying, "Shiv Sena will back BJP. Talks are on with BJP for us to be part of this government. If Shiv Sena and BJP come together it will be a stable government."
Sena said it will introspect over its failure to form government on its own in Maharashtra.
According to India Today, the party said in Saamna, "Be it Gujaratis, Sindhis or north Indians - we stood by all Hindus. But voting was done as per specific 'samaj'. We will do 'chintan' on that."
The BJP Legislature Party will meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to elect its leader.
The swearing-in ceremony of the next chief minister of Maharashtra is likely to take place on Thursday at the Wankhede stadium.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday hosted a tea party for the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Members of Parliament (MPs) at his official 7, Race Course Road (RCR) residence here.
The tea party took place just days after the BJP's splendid performance in the assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra. It was also seen as an attempt by the BJP to reach out to ally Shiv Sena for the formation of the state government in Maharashtra. Shiv Sena supremo Uddhav Thackeray was, however, not present at the tea party.
The BJP and Shiv Sena broke their 25-year old alliance ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly polls over seats sharing.
The BJP has emerged as the single-largest party in Maharashtra winning 122 of the 288 seats. The Shiv Sena finished second with 63 seats. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Watch what happens when these people litter the streetswatch what happens when these people litter the streets
Taking off the stabilisers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cca0aaa2-4e02-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore moves towards the Smart Nation goalSingapore moves towards the Smart Nation goal
Parimala S Rao
KP Unnikrishnan, Marketing Director (Asia-Pacific and Japan), Palo Alto Networks
Cyber network being established to improve surveillance and physical infrastructure
October 27, 2014:  
The Singapore Government announced last week that a Cyber Security Research Centre would be set up to protect the systems being put in place to turn Singapore into a smart nation. The Smart Nation Platform will be developed in stages, with the first phase focusing on connectivity and sensor aspects expected to be available by 2015.
The country’s Infocomm Development Authority (IDA) plans to install up to 1,000 sensors across Singapore by the end of next year.
Integral to various Government projects, the sensors will also enable increased surveillance in certain areas and better monitor the risk of floods in the Singapore River, which has earlier faced frequent flooding during high tides. The sensor system is expected to lead to substantial savings across departments as the infrastructure cost is to be shared by various agencies.
This kind of inter-agency collaboration and synergy exemplify what KP Unnikrishnan, Marketing Director (Asia-Pacific and Japan), Palo Alto Networks, calls the Singapore Government’s 360-degree approach to excellence.
When the Government builds a vision, he said, the people are consulted and taken on board. Continuous conversations take place between planners, several agencies and citizens, whose feedback is incorporated into the final policy framework. Thus it becomes easier for the people to align their work ethic and personal attitudes to the Government’s vision.
Role of Analytics
In an informal meeting with media persons from India, Unnikrishnan said Singapore’s smart nation initiative will complement the city-state’s physical infrastructure by boosting soft power, like creating standards for Internet of Things@Home.
Big data and analytics are expected to play a major role in improving day-to-day systems and facilities. These platforms will serve as a base on which companies and Government agencies can examine new ways to collect and interpret data to better serve the people, with a special focus on senior citizens, healthcare, seamless transportation solutions and security.
Where senior care is concerned, this could go beyond the traditional concept of welfare to reminding the elderly living alone when they need to take their medication or on which day their next health check is due.
Apart from enhancing connectivity and quality of life, the initiative could also build talent in areas such as games science. The country is working on its next 10-year master plan, with a focus on “developing smart communities driven by intelligence, integration, and innovation,” according to its Intelligent Nation Masterplan (iN2015).
Asked if, given the recent focus on smart cities, India can replicate the Singapore model, Unnikrishnan said the island-nation’s success hinges on the absence of corruption, complete transparency and a high degree of efficiency.
In India too, if there is a strong blueprint and adequate funding, the people are aligned to the larger mission and, above all, if there is the political will and transparency, there’s no reason why people-oriented initiatives cannot succeed, he said.
The writer was in Singapore at the invitation of the Singapore Ministry of Communications and Information.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

JetLite pilots threaten strike over forceful transfersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HUL Q2 net up 8.13% at Rs 988 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HUL Q2 profit up 8 %Updated: October 27, 2014 23:58 IST
HUL Q2 profit up 8 %
Special Correspondent
consumer goods
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth
Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) reported net profit of Rs.988 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, as compared to Rs.914 crore in the same period in the previous year up 8 per cent.
During the period net sales increased to Rs. 7,466 crore as compared to Rs. 6,747 crore in the same period last year.
The directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs. 6 per equity share (face value of Re 1 each) for the year ending March 31, 2015.
The company’s top management said, during the quarter, the operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories. Brand investments were sustained at competitive levels across segments.
The impact of rise in input cost continued to be felt during the quarter through higher consumption costs although commodity prices softened towards the end of the quarter, they said.
“In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations has helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins. The consistency of our performance is a reflection of the discipline and rigor with which we are executing our strategy. We will continue to manage our business dynamically for sustained competitive and profitable growth,” said Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL at a press conference.
During the quarter, the company’s domestic consumer sales grew by 10 per cent ahead of the market which was in negative.
The company reported volume growth of five per cent despite the tight market conditions.
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth while in skin care Fair and Lovely and Ponds delivered volume-led double digit growth. In beverages, coffee registered double digit growth. Similarly, the company’s packaged foods and water business also reported double digit growth.
Answering a question on whether market conditions have improved after change in government, HUL Managing Director and CEO Sanjiv Mehta said: “It is too early and we are yet to see clear emerging trend.”
Supplementing this Mr. Manwani said: “We would like to see volume growth but we don’t know what the market is going to be.”
E-commerce strategy
Meanwhile, HUL is also working on its e-commerce strategy. “Globally we recognise that we need to create capabilities in our organisation in e-commerce to be future ready. We have a global dedicated team which is working to bring the best practices in e-commerce and we want to work with our lead partners in this format which can be transformational,” said Mr Manwani.
HUL shares closed with a loss of 4.8 per cent at Rs. 721.90 on the BSE.

Forecasts sap hopes for German economyGloomy forecasts sap hopes for German economy
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3848d704-5de2-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

R&D spending unlinked to performance  says studyR&D spending unlinked to financial performance, study shows
Alison Smith, Chief Corporate Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdfe1b2c-5abf-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE seeks climate answers from insurersBoE demands climate answers from insurers
Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dedd1954-5bad-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City facing more than a few bad applesCity facing more than ‘a few bad apples’
Sam Fleming and Chris Giles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24a471b8-5e00-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt approves longer tenures for future SBI chiefs to beat quarter-se-quarter-tak cultureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Expect HUL to post 10-11% revenue growth in FY16: Religare08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Gaurang Kakkad, Vice President- Institutional Research, Religare Capital Markets shared his views on FMCG major  Hindustan Unilever’s (HUL) Q2 earnings and the way ahead for the stock.
Its net profit rose 8.1 percent year-on-year to Rs 988 crore supported by exceptional gain and higher revenue growth. Total income from operations grew by 10.8 percent to Rs 7,639 crore from Rs 6,892.6 crore during the same period.
He expects volume growth for the company to trend in the range of 4-6 percent for next two-three quarters. Also, HUL may see a 10-11 percent revenue growth in FY16, he adds.
Below is the transcript of Gaurang Kakkad’s interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is the take, did the results have any shred of disappointment, look like very much inline on all parameters?
A: The results were marginally negative as compared to our estimate. If you look at the results the surprise element which was expected was missing in the results. So that lead to disappointment in terms of stock price and you can say it was around 2-3 percent below our estimates on margins.
Sonia: The volume growth at 5 percent was lackluster, not just this quarter but in the last couple of quarters. Do you see this trend of low single digit volume growth continue at least until the end of the fiscal?
A: If you look at Hindustan Unilever’s quarterly volume growth trajectory, for the last seven-eight quarters your volume growth has been stagnant in the 4-6 percent range and at 5 percent it was inline with our estimates but at least for the next two-three quarters I do not think that the trajectory is changing. So, you will see volume growth remain in this mid single digit kind of range at least for the next two-three quarters.
Latha: The margins also did show some pressures of competitive intensity. How are you looking at the performance of the company? What kind of revenue margins and earnings growth are you looking at for the next year and what about the price? There was 5 percent shave off. At what point does it become attractive to you?
A: If you look at the revenue growth, for the next year the company should report around 11-12 percent topline growth and I think that should be equal mix of price as well as volume led but input cost have started to see a decline at least from September as well as going into October. So with a decline in input cost the competitive intensity in the sector could start to inch up. So that then would not be a very positive for the company or for the industry as a whole. If input cost continues to remain low there will be lot of discounting and price offs that would start to happen. In that case your volume growth would recover but your topline growth as a whole and margins could be under pressure because most of the players would start inching up your advertising and promotion spends.
So a continued input cost decline could be slightly negative for the company given that it will lead to an increase in competitive intensity. If you look at the next two years, we expect around 11-12 percent earnings growth compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for the company.
Sonia: The tone of the management, not just this quarter but for the last couple of quarters has been indicating that the market environment is slowing down. In a slowing market environment do you think HUL will be able to at least outperform its peers like ITC, Colgate etc or within the lot as well HUL will lag?
A: For HUL one of the biggest concern is the valuations remain stretched, so if you look at the stock, it trades at around 34 times on FY16 earnings compared to ITC which is trading at 23 times on FY16 earnings. So the discount that ITC trades to Unilever is almost at 35 percent now which historically use to be around 15 percent levels. So the gap between ITC and Unilever should narrow going forward. So, ITC will clearly outperform from this levels. However, for HUL our price target on the stock is Rs 660 and over the next one year we expect around 10-12 percent downside from these levels.
RELATED NEWS

JSW Steel slips over 4% as CBI registers inquiryYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
JSW Steel slips over 4% as CBI registers inquiry
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 09.25AM IST
(CBI has initiated an enquiry…)
NEW DELHI: JSW Steel Ltd plunged as much as 4.4 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after media reports suggested that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has started another Preliminary Enquiry (PE) into a mine owned by Sajjan Jindal-promoted JSW Steel.
CBI has initiated an enquiry for alleged irregularities in environment clearance to acquire land in the Ankua Reserve Forest in the state, said media report.
At 09:20 a.m.; JSW Steel was trading 3.08 per cent lower at Rs 1196.70. It hit a low of Rs 1180 and a high of Rs 1200.10 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rallies over 100 points; top ten stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rallies over 100 points, Nifty reclaims 8000; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 10.14AM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied as much as 113 points in trade on Tuesday, led by gains in ICICI Bank, HDFC, L&T, SBI and Sun Pharma.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8000, supported by gains in realty, pharma, capital goods and bankinh stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,827.82, up 84 points or 0.32 per cent. It touched a high of 26,865.11 and a low of 26,785.89 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,015.05, up 25 points or 0.32 per cent. It touched a high of 8,019.90 and a low of 7,999.65 in trade today.
"Well, chances are that we will go through a correction till about 7950 and from there we will try to resume a fresh rally which would get up to 8100-8150, but it is clear that market does not have too many legs to run on," says Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com.
"Banks are holding the rally for the past few sessions, but other sectors have to participate if you need a sustainable rally, otherwise somewhere in the vicinity of 8100-8150 the rally will finally peter out and most probably we are in the 7800-8200 type of band," added Gujral.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
GAIL India Ltd: GAIL India Ltd, the nation's largest natural gas distributor, is looking for a strategic partner for its Rs 3,108 crore floating LNG import terminal at Paradip in Odisha.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 492.70.
Alstom India Ltd: Global rail infrastructure and power generation firm Alstom today said it has won a euro 85 million (Rs 671.5-crore) contract from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for supply of 25 metro sets to Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL).
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 485.
Wipro: Wipro is investing big money in setting up a separate business practice for open source and plans to have at least a 10,000 strong team, driven largely by changes in technological space and some of its largest clients, including Citigroup, running largely on non-proprietary software.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 562.
JSPL: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd said on Monday the CBI were investigating the granting of a coal mining licence block to the company.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 151.15.
JSW Steel Ltd: JSW Steel Ltd plunged as much as 4.4 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after media reports suggested that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has started another Preliminary Enquiry (PE) into a mine owned by Sajjan Jindal-promoted JSW Steel. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent lower at Rs 1202.
Texmaco Rail and Engineering Co Ltd: The company reported a net profit of Rs 3.32 crore, down by 44 per cent for Q2 period ended September, compared to Rs 5.93 crore in the corresponding period last year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.3 per cent higher at Rs 92.10.
Tata Power Company Ltd: It plans to complete work on a $1.8 billion thermal power station in Vietnam three years early, government officials said, as the two countries strive to showcase the economic ties between them.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 88.62.
Coal India Ltd: Five trade unions that represent almost 90% of Coal India's (CIL) workforce are likely to go on an indefinite strike from January in protest against the government's "unilateral" decision to allot coal blocks to private companies for commercial exploitation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 354.
ONGC: Public sector explorer ONGC has seen its crude oil output from its Western Offshore region, which contributes 42% of India's domestic production, going up by almost 11% in the current financial year, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 392.45.
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors, a first sub-investment grade company, has managed to get funding for ten years at 5.75% in the overseas market. The Indian auto major said last week it had raised $250 million at a price of 5.75%.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 508.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSPL top loser on Nifty; stock slips nearly 15% in OctoberYou are here: Home > Collections > Mining
JSPL top loser on Nifty; stock slips nearly 15% in October
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 09.47AM IST
(The probe is for alleged…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel & Power Ltd (JSPL) slipped nearly 4 per cent in trade on Tuesday and was also the top loser on Nifty index, after falling nearly 8 per cent in the previous session following reports that the CBI has started a fresh inquiry against unknown officials for alleged diversion of forest land in Jharkhand for mining purposes.
The probe is for alleged irregularities between 2007-13 in granting clearance to JSPL for diversion of Saranda forest land in Jharkhand for mining purposes, PTI reported.
Reacting to the news, JSPL continued its southward journey for second day in a row. The stock has fallen nearly 15 per cent (intraday) so far in the month of October.
At 09:30 a.m.; JSPL was trading 3.5 per cent lower at Rs 147.25. It hit a low of Rs 146.50 and a high of Rs 151 in trade today.
According to experts, investors and traders should stay away from stocks where there is cloud of uncertainty and look for stocks with a clean track record.
"When you have a cloud of uncertainty, always stay out whether it is JSPL or whether it is a DLF. These are stocks where the temptation is always going to come in the minds of traders and retail investors," says Mehraboon Irani, Principal & Head- Pvt Client Group Business, Nirmal Bang Securities.
"There are always decent stocks which do not have any sort of controversy behind them. Those can be picked into," he added. Despite the fact that I like the stock at 220-230, I do not think I am going to come out and recommend the stock, clarifies Irani.
Saranda, a sensitive area that was under Maoist control for a decade before paramilitary forces took over in 2011, is also home to elephants, giant squirrel, reptiles, sloth bear and barking bear and is in the core area of the elephant reserve, added the PTI report.
Meanwhile JSPL said in a statement on Monday that it will respond to queries by the investigating agencies.
"JSPL reiterates that we have always co-operated with the investigative agencies and will respond when we receive these queries from the investigative authorities," the statement said.
According to reports, nearly 512.43 hectares of ecologically sensitive Saranda forest in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand was diverted for Ghatkuri iron ore mining lease project in favour of Jindal Steel and Power.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty Edges Up Above 8 000; Banks Lead GainsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Edge Higher; Banks Lead Gains
NDTV | Updated On: October 28, 2014 10:36 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty were higher today but the gains were capped amid weak global markets. Investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting starting today.
The Sensex was up 60 points to 26,813 while Nifty edged higher by 14 points to regain the 8000 level.
Banks continued to gain on rising hopes of an earlier-than-expected cut in interest rates by the RBI. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in a newspaper interview favoured interest rate cut. Most external members suggested a rate cut in RBI's September policy review. ICICI Bank gained 1.7 per cent, while State Bank of India rose 1.2 per cent.
Asian shares wobbled on Tuesday, with investors cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and as oil prices extended declines.
The Fed is expected to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme after a two-day meeting starting later in the session and will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets. "With the end of the asset purchase programme a foregone conclusion, speculation is once again mounting about the movement of interest rates," said Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG.
Data on Monday showed US services sector activity slowed in October to a six-month low, while manufacturing output in Texas decreased, providing more evidence that the Fed has reason to wait before raising U.S. interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan inched down about 0.1 per cent in early trade, after a lacklustre session on Wall Street. (With Agency Inputs)
 

Gold recovers from 2-week low  all eyes on Fed meetGold recovers from 2-week low, all eyes on Fed meet
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 28:  
Gold recovered after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks on Tuesday as investors nervously awaited a US Federal Reserve meeting that begins later in the day for clues about the timing of any interest rate hike.
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Spot gold dropped to $1,222.20 an ounce, its lowest since October 15, before recovering to trade up 0.3 per cent at $1,228.35 an ounce by 0346 GMT.
Gold could test resistance at $1,233 an ounce, according to Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao.
"There were some stops triggered once we breached yesterday's low but China walked in and pushed up gold," said a trader in Hong Kong.
"People are nervous ahead of the FOMC and big position changes are unlikely. For the moment, I think we will hold between $1,220 and $1,240," he said, referring to the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee.
The Fed will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets that saw some measures of inflation expectations drop worryingly low.
A delay in any hike in interest rates could boost gold, a non-interest-bearing asset. With US inflation weak, the European economy stumbling and the dollar on the rise, the big question is to what extent Fed officials acknowledge risks to their expectations that the US recovery will continue to strengthen and allow them to raise rates around the middle of next year.
Asian shares were modestly higher on Tuesday, while the dollar held steady. Gold has gained nearly 4 per cent since dropping to a 15-month low earlier this month on global slowdown fears.
The precious metal is often seen as a hedge when riskier assets such as equities are out of favour. In the physical markets, data on Monday showed China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong jumped to a six-month high in September as the world's biggest consumer stocked up ahead of its National Day holiday. But imports have slowed since the holiday, traders said, possibly putting more pressure on gold.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Crude oil extends losses over weak price outlookCrude oil extends losses over weak price outlook
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 28:  
Crude oil moved lower in Asian trade today after Goldman Sachs slashed its price forecasts for the next two years owing to a global supply glut.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for December delivery fell 46 cents to USD 80.54 while Brent crude for December eased 59 cents to USD 85.24 in mid—morning trade.
“We continue to see oil prices drift lower, and with nothing significant happening, the Goldman report is still on investors’ minds,” David Lennox, resource analyst at Fat Prophets in Sydney, told AFP.
Goldman yesterday said it expects WTI to sink to USD 70 a barrel by the second quarter of next year before rising back to USD 80 in 2016. That was USD 15 a barrel lower than its previous forecast.
The Wall Street giant’s outlook on Brent is for it to fall to as low as USD 80 by the second quarter, staying weak through 2015 before returning to USD 90 level in 2016.
It pointed to the impact of strong US shale oil output as well as the inability of the OPEC oil cartel to act as a swing producer that can tighten global supplies and prices.
Given the rising glut on the global market, “US production growth needs to slow,” Goldman said in a client note.
Lennox said investors will be monitoring the latest US stockpiles report due tomorrow.
The US Department of Energy (DoE) last week reported a 7.1 million barrel surge in crude reserves in the week to October 17.
The surge, more than double market expectations, added to worries about a global oversupply, further dampening prices.
“Further increases in US stockpiles will reinforce the weak price forecast by Goldman and others,” Lennox said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Delhi heading for assembly elections  BJP all setE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee extends lossesRupee closes lower at 61.33 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
The rupee ended marginally weaker at 61.33 per dollar against the previous close of 61.31 amid a higher closing in domestic equity market.
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, the benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent.
Suresh Nair, Director Admisi Forex said, "The Rupee depreciated against the Dollar on Tuesday as state-run banks continue to purchase Dollars for domestic oil importers. However, the Rupee fall was limited on speculation that RBI could ease policy rate if upcoming data is favourable.”
According to dealers, investors are likely to adopt a wait and watch mode ahead of the US central bank’s bond purchase decision.
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended lower at 7 per against the previous close of 8.25 per cent.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, softened to 8.30 per cent from the previous close of 8.31 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs. 100.58 from Rs. 100.53.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading up 48 pointsSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Telecom department allots 1 800 Mhz spectrum auctioned in Feb allotted to telcosTelecom department allots bulk of 1,800 Mhz spectrum auctioned in February allotted to telcos
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.55AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Telecom department has…)
KOLKATA: The telecom department has finally allotted a bulk of the 1,800 MHz spectrum that Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, Reliance Jio Infocomm and Uninor had won in the February auctions. The department of telecommunication (DoT), however, has not given clarity on whether market leader Bharti Airtel and No. 2 operator Vodafone India will be given extra time to reconfigure their 900 MHz metro networks where their permits expire next month.
A top Bharti Airtel executive said the company "had been allotted 1,800 MHz spectrum in all 15 circles" where it won such 2G airwaves in February, but is "awaiting allocation of the more efficient 900 MHz spectrum secured in Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai.
Vodafone India declined to reply to ET's queries, but two people aware of the matter said it has been allocated its full quota of 1,800 MHz spectrum in all nine circles along with a portion of its fresh 900 MHz airwaves.
An email query sent to Idea Cellular remained unanswered as of press time, but a company executive said the Aditya Birla Group telco had been allocated "a sizeable chunk of 1,800 MHz airwaves it won in the last auction but was yet to receive its 5 MHz block of efficient 900 MHz spectrum in Delhi," that it plans to use for 3G services.
Reliance Jio declined to confirm allotment but two people close to the Mukesh Ambani-owned operator said the company had received full allotment of its 1,800 MHz spectrum in all 14 circles. "Reliance Jio has received the letters of intent and earmarking allocation letters from DoT with regard to the 1,800 MHz spectrum it won in all 14 circles in the February auction," said one of the persons quoted earlier.
A spokeswoman for Uninor confirmed that the Indian arm of Norway's Telenor had "received allocation of 1,800 MHz spectrum in Assam won in the February 2014 auction." She, however, declined to reveal the potential timeline of its mobile services launch in Assam.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy BHEL on dips  says CK NarayanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy BHEL on dips, says CK Narayan
According to CK Narayan, Managing Director at Growth Avenues, one may buy Bharat Heavy Electricals on dips.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
CK Narayan, Managing Director at Growth Avenues told CNBC-TV18, " Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL) has been climbing very steadily because of high degree of scepticism and when the results came the stock got bashed on the Rs 197 low, it actually made a higher bottom somewhere around Rs 205-207 and then subsequently the stock has really been building higher bottoms which is a clear indicator that long-term buyers are probably stepping into the stock. "
"As it were we are seeing some noises or green shoots being envisaged in the capital goods area. We are seeing several other, even the smallcap-midcap area in the capital goods area seeing some amount of upward traction. So lots of people are still very sceptical about the prospects of BHEL but there seems to be some very determined large scale buyers who are there and they will probably carry the day. So I wouldn’t really bet on any upward resistance right now. I would look for any big dip, any market led dip which brings about a reaction in BHEL and use that to buy," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Gold recovers from 2-week low; all eyes on Fed meetOct 28, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Gold recovers from 2-week low; all eyes on Fed meet
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold recovers from 2-week low; all eyes on Fed meet
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Post your opinion here
 
Gold recovered after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks on Tuesday as investors nervously awaited a US Federal Reserve meeting that begins later in the day for clues about the timing of any interest rate hike.
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Spot gold dropped to USD 1,222.20 an ounce, its lowest since Oct. 15, before recovering to trade up 0.3 percent at USD 1,228.35 an ounce by 0346 GMT.
Gold could test resistance at USD 1,233 an ounce, according to Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao.
"There were some stops triggered once we breached yesterday's low but China walked in and pushed up gold," said a trader in Hong Kong.
"People are nervous ahead of the FOMC and big position changes are unlikely. For the moment, I think we will hold between USD 1,220 and USD 1,240," he said, referring to the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee.
The Fed will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets that saw some measures of inflation expectations drop worryingly low.
A delay in any hike in interest rates could boost gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
With US inflation weak, the European economy stumbling and the dollar on the rise, the big question is to what extent Fed officials acknowledge risks to their expectations that the U.S. recovery will continue to strengthen and allow them to raise rates around the middle of next year.
Asian shares were modestly higher on Tuesday, while the dollar held steady.
Gold has gained nearly 4 percent since dropping to a 15-month low earlier this month on global slowdown fears. The precious metal is often seen as a hedge when riskier assets such as equities are out of favour.
In the physical markets, data on Monday showed China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong jumped to a six-month high in September as the world's biggest consumer stocked up ahead of its National Day holiday.
But imports have slowed since the holiday, traders said, possibly putting more pressure on gold.
RELATED NEWS

Rail  defence orders picking up; see 40% growth: Texmaco08:00 am
Texmaco Rail  posted a 44 percent decline in net profit at Rs 3.32 crore for the July-September quarter, as against Rs 5.93 crore for the corresponding quarter in the previous fiscal.
Despite weak Q2 performance, AK Vijay, Senior VP-Commercial & CFO, Texmaco Rail and Engineering is confident of a 40 percent revenue growth with significant performance improvement in FY15.
According to him, the company is mainly heavily into railways. The company’s poor performance was due to lack of railway orders flowing in. Therefore, they worked on orders other than railways. Now that railway orders have been released, production activities have picked up past few months.
With the recent fillip in the defence sector, Vijay says the company has also received one of biggest wagon orders from defence sector, bagging an order worth Rs 387 crore for 974 wagons from the Ministry of Defence (India).
Furthermore, the company has proposed a merger with another mega rail player Kalindee Rail  to make itself a complete rail solutions provider. If the amalgamation goes through, it may prove to be a game changer for the organisation.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview:
Q: There is still an underperformance in your steel foundry division. Overall income was also up by just 2.5 percent year-on-year (Y-o-Y) even if the quarter-on-quarter (Q-o-Q) performance is better. Do you think the second half will bring in better revenue performance?
A: We have suffered in the last two quarters. It was because orders from the railway which is the mainstay for the company till now had not flowed in and on April 1st 2013, April 1st 2014 we earned a lot from railways. The company was virtually working on orders other than railways. Now the railway orders have been released so the production activities have picked up from the month of September and automatically this effect is going to get into the second, third and fourth quarter in a major way.
Moreover with outlook on economy changing if you see the company’s result compared to the first quarter it has improved substantially wherein we had only Rs 60 crore turnover in the first quarter this quarter our turnover is close to Rs 159 crore. The profitability has improved dramatically. The loss of Rs 6.5 crore has got converted into a gross profit of Rs 5.5 crore.
So the changes are there and it is visible. Moreover, the company during the lean period has changed the league now. We are in kind of products which are hi-tech and where the global companies are joining hands with us. For recent example, we have recently developed an auto car rake for American President Lines-Vascor. India is in dire need of these rakes. The railways never buy these rakes; they are left to the private sector to be procured.
Now private sector is coming up in a big way on this because logistic companies are looking into this possibility that auto cars cant be transported through road transport, it has to go through rail transport and more and more export picking up for the country, how would you transport to the ports. Therefore, things are picking up and we have done very well on these.
Second thing which we have developed, we have supplied our first electric multiple unit (EMU) rake which is a passenger coach to Indian Railways. Now with this and with the grave scarcity of passenger coaches on the rail network and a large demand being kept unmet by the railway because they can’t produce themselves this again opens a new venue for us.
Third thing that is important for the company is defence, which is a major sector. Now we have received our largest ever order for wagons from defence. Now defence is opening up and they are coming into the possibility that yes, they should have self-reliance. With this self-reliance, the first order that has come is almost close to a thousand wagons, which is almost a railway size. So with these kind of things coming up and the company now joining hands with companies like Wabtec, the company has joined hands with companies like even KHI, companies joining hands with other companies also as well whereby new opportunities are emerging.
Q: You spoke about this largest wagon order from the defence sector, what is the quantum of that order?
A: It is about 1,000 numbers. Apart from Wabtec, the company has joined hands with other large multinationals also. As we had earlier announced, the proposed merger with Kalindee will be the game changer for the company. Merger with Kalindee will bring in much needed infrastructure segment into the company and this was specialised segment, which is the rail infrastructure, and today we are able to participate in tenders after acquisition of Kalindee, after taking over the control of Kalindee by the management.
Tenders are valuing about Rs 1,000 crore, which is the first ever for us. So, accordingly, the outlook seems to be bright and I am particularly hopeful that yes, third and fourth quarter will be much better for the company and next year should be far better compared to what we have done till now in this year.
Q: What is the company’s cash holding position as of now compared to the Rs 300 crore that you had in the previous year?
A: Last year also we had close to Rs 200 crore and we also have Rs 200 crore now. The other things are in the share investments which are in JV companies and other companies, which we have started in last couple of years. Once a JV company that we had started was to encash on the leasing opportunity that is emerging in the rail segment and this leasing opportunity has now opened up in the country. Globally if you see the scenario, if you take the case of US, Europe - the railway freight cars are owned only by the leasing companies and they are being leased to the industry. In India, the railways own it and railways buy only limited numbers of wagons required only for their specific purposes and not for purposes that are for commodities specific.
So these kinds of requirement are there for which we have identified in advance that what we should do for the future and we are investing over there.
Q: What do you expect FY16 to look like in terms of revenue growth?
A: This year we are looking for a revenue growth of around 40-50 percent and next year we are looking further growth over there to around same number. But it is too early to say this thing because the market we are in is infrastructure.
Q: 40-50 percent this year?
A: In this year compared to last year.
Q: But your first half is not much to write home about, in the second quarter you have done only 2 percent rise in revenues. Will you manage that much in the full year?
A: If you see the revenues that we did last year was about Rs 500 crore on gross basis and a 40 percent is Rs 700 crore which is much lower than what we were doing earlier. So there is no issue on that that we will not be able to achieve that.
Q: September you have done about Rs 170 crore in terms of total revenues. So by the end of full year both in revenues and in profits what are your expectations? You have to do Rs 500 crore by your estimates.
A: We are talking on different numbers. You are talking on net revenues, we are talking on gross revenues. Gross revenue wise we have done about Rs 215 crore and against Rs 215 crore what we want to do in the next quarters is close to about Rs 500 crore.
Q: And on the profits?
A: That is a derivative. If your turn over is picking up profits automatically picks up but then that is market driven, it will depend upon what the market situation remains but we are hopeful of improving on profitability as well.
Q: Will your margins be better than 4 percent?
A: Yes, it will be better than the first two quarters, certainly.
RELATED NEWS

Ola To Raise Series D Funding of $210mn led by SoftBankOla To Raise Series D Funding of $210mn led by SoftBank
Astral Poly Technik Delivers Topline and PBT Growth of 22% and 46% Respectively in H1FY15Hi Guest
Astral Poly Technik Delivers Topline and PBT Growth of 22% and 46% Respectively in H1FY15
Ast r a l P o l y T ec hnik L td . , l e a d e rs in manu f ac turi n g of C P VC p i p e s & f it t i n g s a nnoun ce d the fin a n c ial r e sul t s for the Qu a rt e r/H a lf y e a r e nd e d on    30 t h S e ptemb e r, 2014.      Ove r view of ...

JSW Steel Falls 4% on Reports of CBI ProbeJSW Steel Falls 4% on Reports of CBI Probe
Do not prefer Nestle  Jubilant Foodworks at current valuation: Deven ChokseyDo not prefer Nestle  Jubilant Foodworks at current valuation: Deven Choksey
HUL drops after indicating challenging operating environmentHUL drops after indicating challenging operating environment
Gold Braces for More Jitters as Fed MeetsGold Braces for More Jitters as Fed Meets
The Regatta Hotel Organises a Luncheon at The BoatshedThe Regatta Hotel Organises a Luncheon at The Boatshed
L&T rallies on winning prestigious orderL&T rallies on winning prestigious order
Iron ore falls on China demand fearsIron ore falls on China demand fears
By Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44db2542-5b96-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leveraged loans come under pressureLeveraged loans come under pressure
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be86f6fe-5dae-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman cuts 2015 oil price forecastGoldman slashes 2015 oil price forecast as output tops demand
Aaron Sheldrick     Tokyo/Singapore   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 17:56 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Goldman Sachs has slashed its 2015 oil price forecasts, making it the most bearish among major financial institutions, following a near 25 per cent fall in crude prices over the past five months.
The US investment bank said rising output will outstrip demand - and its new numbers weighed further on benchmark Brent crude prices - as forecasters generally pare back estimates for oil due to slowing global growth, a strengthening dollar and ample supplies.
Goldman analysts said in a report released late on Sunday that they expect US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI)crude to fall to $75 a barrel and Brent to $85 a barrel in the first quarter of 2015, both down $15 a barrel from their previous forecast.
WTI could fall as low as $70 in the second quarter and Brent as low as $80, when oversupply would be the most pronounced, before returning to first-quarter levels, Goldman said.
Goldman's projections contrast with those of Standard Chartered Bank's oil analyst Paul Horsnell, known for having called the market's long rally a decade ago. He is sticking with a more bullish bias.
Last week, Horsnell and his team cut their first quarter Brent forecast to $98 but pared back their forecast for calendar 2015 by just $5, to $105 a barrel.
Brent crude futures dipped 0.3 per cent on Monday to less than $86 a barrel, extending their decline despite a continued easing of worries over the global economic recovery, said Tomomichi Akuta, senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Research & Consulting.
"I personally think prices have room for declines though not as steep as Goldman," Akuta said.
NYMEX crude for December delivery was up 4 cents at $81.05 a barrel by 0848 GMT, after settling down $1.08 on Friday following a spike up on Thursday.
If WTI fell to $70 a barrel next year, as Goldman Sachs is forecasting, it would be the US benchmark's lowest level since mid-2010.
RISING OUTPUT
Goldman said production outside OPEC countries was expected to accelerate, led by Brazil and drilling in the Gulf of Mexico with the end of extensive deep-water maintenance following the 2010 Macondo disaster.
Non OPEC-production outside the US lower 48 states is forecast to increase by 412,000 barrels per day this year, 573,000 bpd in 2015 and 505,000 bpd in 2016.
Output from Brazil's Santos basin is forecast to start to pick up, increasing Brazilian output by 206,000 bpd in 2014 and 325,000 bpd next year. Gulf of Mexico production is expected to increase by 155,000 bpd in 2015.
Among OPEC countries, Iraqi production is seen increasing by 200,000 bpd and Libya's output stabilising at about 700,000 bpd, compared with recent production of about 900,000 bpd.
Iranian production and exports are unlikely to see further growth because Goldman analysts do not expect a resolution to the country's nuclear dispute with the West by the Nov. 24 deadline, meaning sanctions on Tehran will not be lifted.
On the demand side, growth has only averaged 630,000 barrels per day year-on-year so far, less than half Goldman's initial forecast for 2014, the report said.
Global economic growth is forecast by Goldman analysts to increase to 3.5 per cent next year but there is a "risk that the historical relationship between global GDP growth and oil demand has weakened," the report said.
SHALE IMPACT
In the United States, rising shale production is increasingly affecting global energy flows and eroding OPEC's pricing power, Goldman said.
Anthony Jude, a senior adviser on energy and sustainable development matters for the Asian Development Bank , cited falling US oil imports as the primary reason for lower global oil prices.
The United States is "producing an additional 3 million barrels per day because of shale oil", he said on Monday on the sidelines of Singapore International Energy Week.
US crude oil imports have fallen to 7.0 million-7.6 million bpd from peaks above 10 million bpd in 2005 and 2006 since the advent of the shale oil and gas boom, according to data posted on the website of the US Energy Information Administration.
"US shale is the marginal swing barrel in the new order," Goldman said, adding that a slowdown in production will happen when WTI falls to $75 per barrel.
"US shale oil production has continued to surprise to the upside with US domestic oil prices incentivising strong investment," the report said.
Once prices fall and US production slows, Goldman expects cutbacks among OPEC producers including Saudi Arabia, which has been content to let prices fall in the hope of forcing US shale producers out of the market.
"Any near-term OPEC production cut will be modest until there is sufficient evidence of a slowdown in US shale oil production growth," the report said.
Additional reporting by Jessica Jaganathan
(Reuters)

Fuel stations being automated to prevent fraud: BPCLOct 27, 2014, 05.39 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Fuel stations being automated to prevent fraud: BPCL
According to a company statement, BPCL has installed automation systems at 888 retail outlets and the total network of automated retail outlets as of last financial year was 4,408.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fuel stations being automated to prevent fraud: BPCL
According to a company statement, BPCL has installed automation systems at 888 retail outlets and the total network of automated retail outlets as of last financial year was 4,408.
Post your opinion here
 
Aimed at bringing in transparency on functions dealing with customers, state-owned Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd  has automated some of its pumping stations while it has made applications for LPG only through online, a senior company official said today.
"We have automated some of the pumping stations. This is to ensure that there is no fraud or adulteration. Suppose if you are giving Rs 500 to petrol pump employee and if he does not fill fuel for that amount, it is possible to catch him…", BPCL Head-Retail (South), Santhosh Kumar said at the inauguration of Vigilance Awareness Week here.
According to a company statement, BPCL has installed automation systems at 888 retail outlets and the total network of automated retail outlets as of last financial year was
4,408.
On the supply of Liquefied Petroleum Gas cylinders to households, he said the process was mandated to be done only in the online platform so as to bring in more transparency.
"Internally, we are also thinking of taking the decision process online so that it brings in efficiency and transparency. Moreover, it also reduces delay in taking decisions to some extent", he said.
Tamil Nadu Cooperative milk producers' Federation Ltd (AAVIN) Chief Vigilance Officer M Ravi after inaugurating the vigilance awareness week, said the recent incident of nabbing a gang involved in AAVIN adultery scam was due to strict vigilance and alertness.
"Vigilance is being alert all the time. Recently, we busted a gang involved in adultery. They (the gang) made money with adulteration. This is actually an inhumane activity", he said.
RELATED NEWS

Nilofar gains strength  looms over GujaratUpdated: October 27, 2014 23:28 IST
Nilofar gains strength, looms over Gujarat
Rahi Gaikwad
Courtesy: IMD This image, taken by Kalpana 1 satellite at 12:15 UTC (17:45 IST) on Monday, shows cyclone Nilofar positioned in west-central Arabian Sea.
TOPICS
forecast
Cyclone Nilofar, the second one to hit India after ‘Hudhud,’ has gained intensity and is expected to hit the Gujarat coast on Friday morning.
“It has turned into a very severe cyclonic storm. Its current location is in the Arabian Sea, about 1165 kilometres south-west of Kutch. During landfall, the wind speed will be in the range of 100 to 110 km an hour. The maximum wind speed can be 125 km an hour. Kutch and Saurashtra are likely to experience heavy to very heavy rainfall from Thursday night till Friday. Some parts in these regions may also receive extremely heavy rains,” Manorama Mohanty, Director, Ahmedabad Meteorological Centre, told The Hindu.
Gujarat is preparing its disaster management apparatus and has issued an alert to fishermen and farmers.
“The rains will start on Thursday. All those living in ‘kacha’ houses will be moved to storm shelters,” said Kutch Collector M.S. Patel. “We are making an evacuation plan and evacuation will begin from Tuesday.”

Japan s SoftBank to Invest $10 Billion in IndiaAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Telecom giant SoftBank has pledged an investment of $10 billion (over Rs 60,000 crore) in India's IT and communications space - one of the biggest investment commitments from a Japanese firm after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to that country.
Softbank - one of the major telecom and internet corporations of Japan - will look for opportunities in telecom and the fast-growing e-commerce sectors in India.
The proposed investment was committed by Softbank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son in a meeting with Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, an official statement said on Monday.
"Mr Son today assured the Minister that SoftBank would like to invest approximately $10 billion in India in the coming years. He placed it on record that India is the top most priority for SoftBank," the Telecom Ministry statement said.
Mr Son told Mr Prasad that the visit of Prime Minister to Japan has created a climate of hope and optimism about greater economic cooperation between the two countries, it added.
With a market cap of $92 billion, SoftBank has operations in broadband, fixed line telecom, e-commerce, finance, media and marketing. SoftBank already has made investments in Indian companies including InMobi and Hike.
"He (Son) further expressed immense faith in the great eCommerce potential of India. He estimated it to become a $0.5 trillion business in the next 10 years," the statement said.
Sources said that SoftBank has plans to invest in ecommerce firm Snapdeal. However, Softbank and Snapdeal did not immediately respond to queries on the matter.
The SoftBank chief also asked Mr Prasad to develop a robust mobile phone infrastructure and resolve spectrum issues.
Mr Prasad shared the Prime Minister's ideas and informed Mr Son about the incentives such as Electronic Manufacturing Clusters and package scheme that the government is providing to boost electronic manufacturing in India, the statement said.
"The Minister also informed Son about the vision of the Government to transform India into an IT product nation," it added.
Besides, Mr Prasad discussed the smart city project of new government for which Rs 7,060 crore has been earmarked in the current year's Budget.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 22:07 (IST)

Power storage group plans $1bn US plantPower storage group plans $1bn US plant
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ea8fbe8-5dec-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LME taps China investors metals interestLast updated: October 27, 2014 11:09 pm
LME taps China investors’ metals interest
Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f859c164-5b69-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

High yield bond  back in a flash© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0fe09cb2-5af8-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germanys burdensome shift to renewablesOctober 22, 2014 9:12 pm
Germany’s burdensome shift to renewables
Rose Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/034b86c2-4966-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reliance Mutual Fund buys 1 lakh shares of Styrolution ABSOct 28, 2014, 08.44 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance Mutual Fund buys 1 lakh shares of Styrolution ABS
Reliance Mutual Fund bought 1,05,000 shares of Styrolution ABS (India).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Mutual Fund buys 1 lakh shares of Styrolution ABS
Reliance Mutual Fund bought 1,05,000 shares of Styrolution ABS (India).
Post your opinion here
 
On October 27, 2014 Reliance Mutual Fund bought 1,05,000 shares of  Styrolution ABS (India) at Rs 590 on the NSE.
On Monday the share ended at Rs 588.90, up Rs 9.15, or 1.58 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 645 and 52-week low Rs 334.05 on 09 September, 2014 and 29 November, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Asian shares  dollar tread cautiously ahead of Fed meeting2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Maharashtra CM to be named today; Sena woos BJPMaharashtra CM to be named today; Sena woos BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 01:51 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:10 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
With the Bharatiya Janata Party all set to elect its chief ministerial candidate on Tuesday, a cornered Shiv Sena is making last-ditch efforts to patch up with it and join the ministry that will take office on October 31. Within the BJP itself, it was clear Devendra Fadnavis was set to be CM though murmurs of dissent continued.
Devendra Fadnavis
The BJP, which is busy finalizing its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena’s demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
Two senior Sena leaders, Subhash Desai and Anil Desai, in New Delhi on Monday met Union petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan who has been authorized by BJP president Amit Shah to talk to the estranged ally. Late in the evening, senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde met Shah to apprise him of the State BJP’s views on getting the Sena aboard.
 
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear in the morning when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
 
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government. The Nationalist Congress Party weakened the Sena’s case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote. Pawar on Monday told HT that his party was yet to take decision on abstaining from voting but he did not see any hurdles to the BJP forming the government.
 
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it. The Sena, with 63 MLAs, has said it would support the BJP that won 122 seats in the 288-member assembly. One BJP MLA, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP’s tally is around 135.
 
The Sena leaders have pinned their hopes on the BJP’s national leadership; they see the state BJP leaders as roadblocks to a post-poll alliance. Tawde denied this was true and said the Sena needed to drop its conditions first. The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths, but later scaled down its demand to 10. It also wants key portfolios including home or finance. The BJP is not willing to give the Sena more than five berths and no key portfolios.
 
The BJP is prepared to run a minority government. It will elect its CM candidate, most probably state  president Devendra Fadnavis, who has the backing of the party bosses, on Tuesday, despite protests by senior leader Eknath Khadse. The leader from north Maharashtra told media persons on Monday that he was still in the race and no name was approved in advance by the party bosses. Earlier, union minister Nitin Gadkari’s camp had demanded that he be made the CM. But Gadkari has withdrawn from the race and backed Fadnavis.    
 
On Tuesday, central observers union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy will attend a meeting of the party’s newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to October 31 so that prime minister Narendra Modi can attend. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Delhi: Kejriwal cries foul as reports say L-G may invite BJP to form govtBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Black money: First list out; govt discloses eight names to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
Dabur said that Pradip Burman’s account was opened when he was a non-resident Indian, Lodhya denied having a foreign bank account, and Radha Timblo said she needed to study the affidavit before reacting.
“The intention of the present government is clear and unambiguous. The government is keen to unearth black money held abroad and for that purpose it will use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigative agencies to obtain information that can assist in such unearthing,” the Centre said in the affidavit.
Read: BJP calls black money affidavit historic, Cong claims blackmail
 
The Congress asked the Modi administration to refrain from “political titillation and playing games”, calling for disclosure of names of all those who had illicit money abroad.
“They are the government. They control ministries and departments. They should act....Do not play games,” said party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi.
Monday’s affidavit was filed by the income tax (I-T) department in response to a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking that the government take action to bring back India’s black money, estimated by some at nearly $500 billion.
Read:  Govt trying to protect politicians, businessmen, says Ram Jethmalani
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu will hear the black money case on Tuesday. The government is seeking that the court modify an earlier order insisting that all names be revealed; its view is that names should be disclosed only after prosecution is launched against the tax evaders.
The affidavit said that the prosecution against Burman began after the government received information against him from French authorities. It was silent on the sources of information on the others.
The government also informed the court that Switzerland had assured its cooperation, including reaching a treaty on automatic exchange of information with India. It said Swiss authorities had agreed to assist India in obtaining confirmation of genuineness of bank documents.
HT had on last Wednesday reported the Centre was likely to tell the apex court names of people against whom strong evidence exists of stashing away black money in Swiss banks.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is moving fast to repatriate hundreds of billions of dollars in slush funds or black money stashed abroad, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team , headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
According to PTI, the Union government told the apex court that Switzerland had indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases probed by the income tax department.
Information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established, the government said.
Even though the government pointed out that it had no intention to withhold names of people who have stashed black money, it also said such names could not be disclosed unless there was prima facie evidence of wrongdoing.
The Centre also noted that every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal.
Earlier, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government had told the Supreme Court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
The previous UPA government had submitted the names of 18 persons who had illegally stashed away money in Liechtenstein to the Supreme Court.
It had come under flak after it opposed the Supreme Court’s direction to set-up a special investigation team (SIT) and its review petition against the court’s verdict was dismissed. The SIT was finally set up by the Modi government within days of its taking over at the Centre.
(With inputs from agencies)

Twitter Inc Q3 revenue more than doubles to $361 mn  but posts 7 pct slide in engagementLatest News - Industry
Twitter Inc Q3 revenue more than doubles to $361 mn, but posts 7 pct slide in engagement
Reuters | San Francisco | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 10:31  IST
Oct 28 2014, 10:31  IST
 

Softbank invests in Ola tooHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Softbank invests in Ola too
Our Bureau
File picture of Bhavish Aggarwal, Co-founder & CEO, Ola
Injects $210 mn in online cab booking services provider along with existing investors
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Softbank Internet and Media Inc today announced a second major funding initiative in the growing Indian e-commerce sector. It has invested $210 million in online cab booking services provider Ola (formerly Olacabs). This is apart from the $627 million invested in Snapdeal.
Existing investors, Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital have also participated in Ola's round.
Ola has in the last two months launched operations across nine Indian cities, taking its overall presence to 19, as well as new and innovative categories across existing cities.
This fresh investment led by SoftBank will further propel Ola to be an integral part of India’s transportation ecosystem across newer cities by making available an efficient, reliable and convenient option for users and service providers.
Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp. (SoftBank) said, “Since SoftBank’s foundation, our mission has been to contribute to people’s lives through the information revolution. We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market.”
Bhavish Aggarwal, Co-founder & CEO, Ola said, “We are thrilled with the pace at which we are growing. Ola is at the forefront of the mobile Internet revolution in India and Softbank as an investor and a strategic partner with its global network, brings a lot of relevant experience and knowledge of this domain. We will continue to build towards our vision of transportation as a seamless and ubiquitous service in every corner of the country and focus on the driver ecosystem to enable micro entrepreneurship and skill development at scale.”
Nikesh Arora, Vice-Chairman of SoftBank and CEO of SIMI, added, “India has the third largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential. With today’s announcement SoftBank is contributing to the development of infrastructure for the digital future of India. We want to support the leaders and entrepreneurs of the digital future; Bhavish is such a great leader.”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Adani taps Morgan Stanley to help sell Australia port stakeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Adani taps Morgan Stanley to help sell Australia port stake
Reuters
Tweet
MELBOURNE, Oct 28:  
Adani has appointed Morgan Stanley to advise on the possible sale of a stake in its Abbot Point coal port in Australia, as it looks to raise funds to help finance a A$7-billion ($6.2 billion) mine, rail and port project.
Adani spokesman Andrew Porter confirmed the company has hired Morgan Stanley to help it on a potential partial sale of Abbot Point, a 50 million tonnes-a-year coal terminal on the east coast of Australia that it bought for $2 billion in 2011.
Funds raised from the stake sale would be used to help finance Adani's planned expansion of the port, Porter said.
Earlier this year, Morgan Stanley advised the Australian state of New South Wales on the sale of the Port of Newcastle, the world's largest coal export terminal, which fetched A$1.75 billion, double the amount that had been widely expected.
Adani's comments came after the Wall Street Journal reported that while Morgan Stanley was advising on the port sale, the bank was among four major US investment banks that had told a US-based green group, Rainforest Action Network, that they would not help fund the port's expansion.
The east coast port expansion to handle two rival coal projects planned by Adani and India's GVK with Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart has sparked an outcry from green groups and tourist operators opposed to coal projects and port dredging near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
The $17 billion worth of projects in the undeveloped Galilee Basin have been at the centre of a campaign by anti-coal activists pressing institutional investors and big banks to shun coal investments to help combat climate change.
"Stopping Abbot Point is a top priority for us, because this single project is the key to whether one of the largest stores of carbon on the planet, the Galilee Basin, stays in the ground where it belongs, or is sold on the global market and released into our atmosphere," said Amanda Starbuck, a director at San Francisco-based Rainforest Action Network.
Morgan Stanley said on Tuesday it was not necessarily opposed to the Abbot Point expansion, but it typically does not provide financing for any projects in Australia.
"In the case of the various Galilee Basin coal, rail and port developments, we have not looked at these projects in any detail nor have we assessed or opined on the environmental considerations surrounding them," Morgan Stanley's Australian spokesman Hugh Fraser said.
"We are simply not in the business of providing greenfield project financing in Australia and therefore, as we have stated, we will not lend to, or invest in, these projects."
Adani is expected to tap Australia's big four banks and others to help fund its Carmichael project in Queensland state, which most analysts say would be hard to justify at current coal prices, hovering at five-year lows. (1 US dollar = 1.1362 Australian dollar)
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
Adani hires Brinckerhoff for Australia project
TOPICS

StanChart Q3 profit tumbles on S. Korean restructuring  bad loansStanChart Q3 profit tumbles on S. Korean restructuring, bad loans
Reuters
Tweet
HONG KONG, Oct 28:  
Standard Chartered Plc said operating profit for the third quarter fell 16 per cent as the Asia-focused bank grappled with rising costs from the restructuring of its South Korean business and an increase in impaired loans.
Operating profit for the July-September quarter fell to $1.5 billion from $1.8 billion in the same period a year ago.
StanChart has said it expects profits to fall in 2014 for a second straight year, as the lender faces a number of challenges, including a slowdown in growth in many of its core emerging markets and weak trading activity.
The bank is also under heavy regulatory scrutiny, having warned on August 6 that it faced its second fine in two years from New York's financial regulator for problems in its anti-money laundering controls.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections push  Dhoom 3  into No 2 spotShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections push 'Dhoom 3' into No 2 spot
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
 

Woman trampled to death while posing for a photo with an elephant inKeralaOne of NP Jayan’s photographs at the exhibition
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 11:44 am
A woman tourist from Gujarat was trampled to death while trying to pose for a photograph with an elephant at Kerala’s hill station Munnar on Monday evening.
Police identified the victim as Dipali, 27, wife of Rinkesh. The family hails from Rajpipla city in Narmada district in Gujarat. The woman, a school teacher, met with the tragic end in front of her husband and four year old son. They were among 14-member tourists from Gujarat.
Quoting eye witnesses, police said Dipali and others were posing for photographs with the elephant, used for safari. While standing near the elephant, she was hit by its trunk and fell down in between the animal legs. A worried Dipali tried to get up, but got under the leg of the elephant in the presence of the other members of the tour group.
She was rushed to a nearby hospital, but died later. The body would be flown to Gujarat by noon.

Ola to raise $210 mn Series D funding led bySoftBankPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:31 am
Ola (formerly Olacabs), mobile app for cab-bookings, today confirmed a definitive agreement to raise $210 mn (about Rs 1,260 cr) from SoftBank Internet and Media, Inc (SMIC) and existing investors, Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital.
The latest investment round led by SoftBank qualifies as one of the largest fund-raises in the Indian e-commerce and mobile space.
Ola has launched operations across 9 new Indian cities over the last two months taking its overall presence to 19. The company has over 33,000 cabs on the mobile app.
“We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market,” said Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp.
Ola has raised earlier rounds of funding from Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India, Steadview Capitaland Sequoia Capital.
“Ola is at the forefront of the mobile internet revolution in India and Softbank as an investor and a strategic partner with its global network, brings in a lot of relevant experience and knowledge of this domain,” said Bhavish Aggarwal, Co-founder & CEO, Ola.
FE Online | The Financial Express
 

MCX Goldguinea November contract trades flatOct 28, 2014, 11.19 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Goldguinea November contract trades flat
Goldguinea prices on MCX were trading flat on Tuesday. MCX Goldguinea November contract was trading at Rs 21696 down Rs 15, or 0.07 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Goldguinea November contract trades flat
Goldguinea prices on MCX were trading flat on Tuesday. MCX Goldguinea November contract was trading at Rs 21696 down Rs 15, or 0.07 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 11:03 hrs MCX GOLDGUINEA October contract was trading at Rs 21466 up Rs 9, or 0.04 percent. The GOLDGUINEA rate touched an intraday high of Rs 21560 and an intraday low of Rs 21430. So far 188 contracts have been traded. GOLDGUINEA prices have moved down Rs 1384, or 6.06 percent in the October series so far.
MCX GOLDGUINEA November contract was trading at Rs 21696 down Rs 15, or 0.07 percent. The GOLDGUINEA rate touched an intraday high of Rs 21786 and an intraday low of Rs 21681. So far 157 contracts have been traded. GOLDGUINEA prices have moved down Rs 1405, or 6.08 percent in the November series so far.
MCX GOLDGUINEA December contract was trading at Rs 21870 down Rs 22, or 0.10 percent. The GOLDGUINEA rate touched an intraday high of Rs 22099 and an intraday low of Rs 21851. So far 9 contracts have been traded. GOLDGUINEA prices have moved down Rs 1232, or 5.33 percent in the December series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Honda Motor second-quarter profit falls four percent  misses estimatesHonda Motor second-quarter profit falls four percent  misses estimates
JSW Steel to increase capacity at Bellary plantJSW Steel to increase capacity at Bellary plant
Karnataka s new Industrial Policy hailed by ACMAKarnataka s new Industrial Policy hailed by ACMA
Govt. draws flak for not revealing all names of persons involved in black money casesGovt. draws flak for not revealing all names of persons involved in black money cases
LT gains 1.6%  bags order to build Statue of Unity in GujLT gains 1.6%  bags order to build Statue of Unity in Guj
WTI  Brent crude oil futures seen lower todayWTI  Brent crude oil futures seen lower today
Standard Chartered Q3 profit at $1.5bnStandard Chartered Q3 profit at $1.5bn
Apple CEO Happy With New Pay ServiceApple CEO Happy With New Pay Service
Amarnath Securities reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.01 crore in the September 2014 quarterAmarnath Securities reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.01 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Black money disclosures by Modi govt selective black mail  says Goa CongressBlack money disclosures by Modi govt selective black mail  says Goa Congress
Hindustan Tin Works: Board meeting on Nov 05  2014Oct 28, 2014, 11.47 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Tin Works: Board meeting on Nov 05, 2014
Hindustan Tin Works has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2014, to consider the following businesses: 1. To take on record the unaudited (provisional) financial results for the quarter / half year ended September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hindustan Tin Works: Board meeting on Nov 05, 2014
Hindustan Tin Works has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2014, to consider the following businesses: 1. To take on record the unaudited (provisional) financial results for the quarter / half year ended September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Hindustan Tin Works Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2014, inter alia, to consider the following businesses:1. To take on record the unaudited (provisional) financial results for the quarter / half year ended September 30, 2014.2. To consider sale of all shares held by the Company in its joint venture company, Rexam HTW Beverage Can (India) Limited (JVC)-constituting 0.77% of the total issued and paid up share capital of JVC to Rexam Beverage Can (India Holdings) Limited, (joint venture partner of the Company) and to authorize Mr. Sanjay Bhatia, (Managing Director of the Company) to do all acts, deeds and things in relation to and for completing the sale of its entire shareholding in the JVC.Source : BSE

Syndicate Bank: Q2 results on Nov 07  2014Oct 28, 2014, 11.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Syndicate Bank: Q2 results on Nov 07, 2014
Syndicate Bank has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank will be held on November 07, 2014, for considering and approving the unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the second quarter (of the Current financial year 2014-2015) ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Syndicate Bank: Q2 results on Nov 07, 2014
Syndicate Bank has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank will be held on November 07, 2014, for considering and approving the unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the second quarter (of the Current financial year 2014-2015) ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Syndicate Bank has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank will be held on November 07, 2014, for considering and approving the unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the second quarter (of the Current financial year 2014-2015) ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Further, Trading Window for dealings in securities of the Bank will remain closed from October 29, 2014 to November 08, 2014 (24 hours after conclusion of Board Meeting) for Directors/ Designated Employees of the Bank. Trading Window will open onNovember 10, 2014.Source : BSE

US  China to hold trade talks in DecemberUS, China to hold trade talks in December
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 28:  
The U.S. and China will hold trade talks in Chicago in December to expand bilateral economic ties and address key agricultural and investment issues between the two countries.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Trade Representative Michael Froman will host a high-level Chinese delegation for the talks during the 25th session of the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT) from December 16 to 18, officials said.
US Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack will also take part in the dialogue to address key agricultural trade issues between the two countries.
“Expanding the U.S.-China bilateral trade relationship is critical to strengthening our nation’s economy and supporting job creation in communities from Maine to Hawaii,” Pritzker said.
Noting that JCCT has played a vital role in their efforts to bolster mutually beneficial relationship for more than two decades, the Commerce Secretary said the upcoming high-level discussions will culminate a year of continuous work to address important issues facing the two nations.
“This dialogue comes at an important time for the two largest economies in the world who share an enormous stake in the global trade and investment system,” Froman said.
The JCCT continues to be a place where the bilateral ties that link the U.S. and China are reinforced through cooperation and constructive face-to-face discussions focused on making concrete progress to address the challenges, he said.
Established in 1983, the JCCT is the primary forum for addressing bilateral trade and investment issues and promoting commercial opportunities between the United States and China.
High-level plenary meetings are held annually and are co-chaired by the US Secretary of Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, and the Chinese Vice Premier in charge of trade and investment issues.
Sixteen JCCT Working Groups meet throughout the year to address topics such as intellectual property rights, agriculture, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, information technology and travel and tourism.
The 24th Annual JCCT meeting was held in Beijing in 2013.
In the last year’s meeting, significant progress was made on several important issues, including protection and enforcement against theft of trade secrets, government procurement and market access for US testing and certification companies.
China was the third-largest market for U.S. exports in 2013 (after Canada and Mexico).
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

China CNR raises $1.2bn with HK listingChina CNR raises $1.2bn with Hong Kong listing
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c29d767e-dcc5-11e3-ba13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China bulls urged on by stimulus hopesChina bulls urged on by stimulus hopes
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Simon Rabinovitch in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/526938a8-ba32-11e3-8b15-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meet the men behind Olacabs - Bhavish Aggarwal & Ankit BhatiAnupam Mittal
(Bhavish, a computer science…)
BANGALORE: Bhavish Aggarwal , 29, may be the new darling of the Indian Internet industry, but perhaps not so for his wife. The founder and CEO of taxi marketplace Olacabs doesn't own a car himself because he wants to set an example by hailing a cab to get about, incurring the displeasure of his wife. It's a small price to pay for the computer science engineer from IIT-Bombay, who with co-founder and collegemate Ankit Bhati is taking on Uber and has built one of India's most valuable startups. Within six years of leaving campus, Aggarwal has won the confidence of Masayoshi Son , one of the world's richest men and founder of Japan's SoftBank Corp.
Born in Ludhiana, Aggarwal began his career at Microsoft Research, where in two years he filed two patents and published three papers in international journals. But he soon tired of the '9 to 5' routine and set about trying to use technology to solve a problem that vexes urban Indians — commuting.
His solution was a technology that links cab owners and commuters through the Internet, telephone or a mobile phone app. Just a few months into incorporating Olacabs in January 2011, he raised angel funding from Snapdeal founder Kunal Bahl , as well as investors including Rehan yar Khan and Anupam Mittal .
"He is a fantastic entrepreneur and is on his way to build a great company," said Bahl. The founding team of Aggarwal and Bhati is known to be incredibly hands-on. During the first few months of operations, the founders did everything from attending customer calls to driving a passenger to the airport.
"Companies like Uber and Ola are using technology to reorganise existing markets and make them more efficient," said Kartik Hosanagar, a professor of ecommerce at The Wharton School. Bhati, the chief technology officer at Olacabs, had worked on several freelance projects with Wilcom, QED42, etc, before he embarked on his whirlwind ride with Ola. When not engrossed in his laptop or engulfed in code, he loves to travel (preferably to a beach) and often joins Aggarwal on his cycling trips.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Olacabs & Uber force radio taxis to tweak biz modelsAnand Subramanian
(It’s indeed a do-or-die…)
Hindustan Unilever couldn't kill Nirma," says Kunal Lalani, with an impulsive grin and a customary twirl of his moustache.
"Goliaths might have had it easy in other countries but in India Davids like us won't let that happen," contends the managing director of New Delhi-based Mega Cabs, taking a swipe at the $18.2-billion Goliath — Uber, a taxi booking app.
The Davids, it seems, have drawn first blood.
The Association of Radio Taxis, a body of taxi providers headed by Lalani, rushed to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in July alleging that the San Francisco-headquartered car-sharing service provider Uber was not following the two-step verification process required for credit card transactions and was flouting foreign exchange norms.
The RBI issued an order in August, stating that a local service payment must have a two-factor authentication and be routed through domestic gateways.
As Uber stares at an imminent shutdown if it doesn't tweak its payment model to meet the RBI deadline of October 31, its rivals surprisingly are not gloating over their victory.
Reason: the self-realization of urgently putting their house in order. "Thanks to Uber, it's a wake-up call for us," confesses Lalani. "We need to be responsive and focus on consumer connect or else we will perish."
It's indeed a do-or-die situation for traditional Indian cab operators that have had a bump-free ride so far. Uber has not only shaken up the industry, it has also forced the companies to tweak their business models and quickly slip into reboot mode.
Changing Gears
Lalani, for sure, has stepped on the gas.
Mega Cabs, which has over 3,500 cars across seven cities, has set an ambitious target of taking its fleet size to 25,000 by 2020. In six years, it plans to pump in Rs 4,000 crore, expand to 40 cities, take its revenue to Rs 6,000 crore and leverage more technology in its operations.
Mega Cabs follows an ownership model but of late has been influenced by the assetlight aggregation model that is the USP of apps such as Uber, TaxiForSure and Olacabs. In addition to its owned fleet of 3,500, it also relies on some 700 cabs that it does not own. But clearly it believes in a strategy that is different from the aggregators: of expanding its 'owned car' fleet and working with a committed set of drivers.
Reason: The app-based model is prone to abuse, alleges Lalani. "Tomorrow some antisocial elements can use this aggregator platform to do a lot of things like gun running or drug trafficking. Then who would be held responsible — the driver or the one who is running the app?" he asks.
It's turning out to be a battle between owners and the app-based aggregators, quite similar to the online versus offline retail war that India is witnessing now.
Tech Check
Rajiv Vij is not bullied by Uber and is ready for the fight. Says the managing director and CEO of Carzonrent, which runs Easy Cabs. "Uber is a fantastic opportunity for us to emerge even stronger. We implemented Oracle in 2004-05 when most car rental companies in India were still taking down bookings in long registers," he says. Carzonrent has a 35-member technology team, boasts of a national command centre that tracks every car across India and has an app for radio cabs, car rentals and self-drive. "That's big for a car rental firm that is not a technology company," says Vij, taking a dig at Uber.
Carzonrent started its aggregation model in 2004. Of the 3,500 cars under the car rental business, only 500 are owned by the company. The rest are owned by the drivers who work for the company. "But the aggregation model doesn't mean that you won't pay service tax," he says, taking another jibe at Uber, adding that there are limitations with a foreign brand operating in India.
Vij, who was the master franchisee of Hertz in India in 2008, has assigned his daughter, Sakshi, the task of streamlining the technology part of the business. "We are working on a system to bring down the waiting time for consumers to just 5-10 minutes," says Sakshi, executive director of Carzonrent.
 
On a Fast Track
Uber, on
its part, is unruffled at the belligerent attitude of the cabbies. "Change often brings resistance," says Allen Penn, head of Uber's Asia operations. Uber is bringing something fresh to a sector that is characterised by stagnation, he adds.
For decades, it was commonplace to wait for an hour to get a ride in most Indian cities while drivers' time and gas were used inefficiently, he says.
Penn brushes off security concerns raised against aggregators. When you use Uber's technology, he says, not only are you always connected with a fully licensed driver, you know exactly how far your car is, who is coming to pick you up and the aggregated rating of the drivers based on the number of trips they've completed. "We also have a safety feature in the app called Share my ETA, where a rider can share driver and car details with a friend or family member."

Govt to fuel up 91K MW of stuck power projectsCoal India
( After clarity on natural…)
NEW DELHI: After clarity on natural gas prices and an ordinance on coal, the government is set to decide on pooling of imported and domestic fuel prices to help stressed power stations with a combined capacity of 91,000 mw generate electricity that's badly needed as India tries to revive its economy. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs is likely to decide on pooling gas and coal prices at its meeting this week, sources said.
The proposals include a bailout package for power plants idling due to scarcity of domestic gas and a plan to meet the needs of coal-based units till 2017. Of the 24,148 mw gas-based projects set up at an investment of about Rs 1,50,000 crore, those that can generate about 16,000 mw aren't running while the rest are operating at sub-optimal levels.
The Supreme Court on September 24 cancelled 204 coal mine allotments of which 59 were to supply power plants with nearly 67,000 mw capacity. The 59 include 20 producing blocks supplying projects of more than 11,000 mw capacity. Plants that can produce another 7,200 mw have stalled as Coal India supplies have dried up.The government had on October 18 raised the price of gas from domestic fields by about 33% to $5.6 per unit from November 1.
Three days later, it said an ordinance would be issued to open coal to commercial mining by private firms and allot captive coal blocks to private companies through eauctions and on a nomination basis to government entities. The government now proposes to supply any additional gas produced in the country in the next four years to power stations along with imported liquefied natural gas. State-run GAIL India will be the pool operator and will supply the fuel to power stations at an average 'pooled' price of domestic and imported gas.
The electricity from the plants will be supplied to power distribution companies at Rs 5.5 per unit. The government also proposes to subsidise firms operating gasbased power stations from the National Clean Energy Fund (NCEF) made up of a cess collected from coal miners. After much deliberation, the fixed cost of the gas-based plants is planned to be capped at Rs 1.30 per unit of electricity that will allow the operating companies to meet financial obligations and prevent idle projects, totaling an investment of Rs 64,000 crore, from turning into non-performing assets.
The plan includes simplifying procedures for availing customs duty waivers on LNG and scrapping value-added tax and central sales tax collected by states. Gas transporters GAIL India and Reliance Gas Transportation Infrastructure Ltd will be asked to take a 20% cut in pipeline tariff, which will help them improve utilisation of pipelines. GAIL will also be asked to halve its marketing margin to $0.1 per million British thermal unit.
A separate plan to provide longterm coal supplies to developers of power plants that have had their attached coal mines cancelled by the apex court is also likely to be considered by the Union Cabinet this week. The power ministry proposes such supplies to captive block based power projects that have secured debt, placed equipment orders and acquired land.
The proposal will immediately benefit power plants of about 36,000 mw combined capacity that are ready or likely to be commissioned by March 2017. Under the proposal, power plants with a total capacity of 78,000 mw that have signed letters of assurance with Coal India will get 90% of their requirement. Fuel supplies have also been sought for plants that can generate up to 21,000 mw that are set to begin operations after 2017 and have letters of assurance from Coal India.
The ministry has sought 50% fuel supplies from Coal India for projects that do not have letters of assurance from the company but have signed power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) with states. If required, Coal India will supply imported coal to such projects after pooling prices with locally produced coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulls fixing tenures of top management in PSUs to revamp sectorGovernment mulls fixing tenures of top management in PSUs to revamp sector
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 06.21AM IST
Tags:
Central Public Sector Enterprises
(Government is readying…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government is readying a reform blueprint to revitalise public sector companies with measures, including listing such enterprises on stock exchanges, fixing tenures for the top management and increasing accountability for their boards to instil efficiency. The government has dusted off the three-year old S K Roongta committee report on reforming central public sector units, which had not been implemented by the previous regime."A fresh Cabinet note has been floated," a government official familiar with the move told ET.
The panel headed by former Steel Authority of India chairman had submitted its report to the Planning Commission during the previous United Progressive Alliance government. After unshackling diesel prices from state control and opening up coal mining to the private sector, the government is keen to continue the momentum of reforms. Besides big-bang steps, attention is also being given to nuts-and-bolts measures.
More efficient and goal-oriented managements of state -run companies with significant surplus funds can help kick-start the investment cycle. Maharatna and Navratna companies, which have some degree of financial autonomy, have a surplus of over Rs 2 lakh crore parked in banks. "The country's public sector needs reforms," said UD Chaubey, director general of the Standing Conference of Public Enterprises , the apex body of central government-owned public enterprises. Chaubey, who was a member of the panel, said there was increased emphasis on the role of public sector companies worldwide following the financial crisis.
He highlighted how countries including the UK, Norway, Malaysia, China, Vietnam and the Philippines had opted for a holding company structure to strengthen the public sector. The government had initiated some cleaning up in the boards of public sector enterprises soon after taking over in May and is now looking at ways to infuse transparency in functioning and improve productivity. With the increased focus on manufacturing, the government sees an important role for the public sector.
"There is an important need for the fourth phase of CPSEs reform, as many sectors have lost out in global competition and have declined...Should India not have a strong presence in manufacturing, may be, defence, nuclear power, specialised capital goods industries, green technologies and the like? How could the government get an efficient Indian presence in these sectors where the private sector investments are not forthcoming?" the panel said it is report.
The panel had also suggested that the government should list at least 50 stateowned companies over the next five years and give them greater autonomy to choose consultants, vendors with proprietary technology, technology partners, joint venture partners and companies for acquisition. The panel had also suggested that the
Narendra Modi government should identify loss-making Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) and consider selling them through auctions to other public sector companies and better utilisation of their land banks. It had pitched for sweeping human resource reforms at CPSEs to bring in domain experts and fixed tenures for toplevel management. The emphasis on strong state-run enterprises is in keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's experiment as chief minister of Gujarat, where he encouraged and eventually developed very strong companies across sectors. There are about 260 CPSEs, employing over 1.3 million people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fare wars hit the road as Uber  Ola woo customersTaxi fare wars hit the road as Uber, Meru, Ola woo customers
Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 04.50AM IST
Tags:
auto-rickshaw
(Taxi service marketplaces…)
BANGALORE: Taxi service marketplaces are giving auto-rickshaw drivers a run for their money, offering almost matching fares in the rough and tumble of the country's vast but unorganised urban commuting sector.
Companies including Uber, Olacabs and Taxiforsure, most of which are flush with venture capital funds, are aggressively dropping rates, catalysing a low-fare revolution in the taxi market. This strategy had started with the entry of San Francisco-based Uber in 2013.
Uber, which had lowered fares in Bangalore by a quarter in August, last week reduced it by another 20% in the city. Close to Diwali, it had slashed fares in Delhi by a fourth. The company attributed the move to increased efficiency in their marketplace, but clarified that the offer is only for a limited period. "The more people ride with Uber, the longer we will be able to sustain low prices,"said Bhavik Rathod, general manager of Uber Bangalore . Uber is backed by Google Ventures and Fidelity Investments, among others.
Olacabs, which last week received a $210-million infusion from Japan's Softbank, has cut the rate for its low-cost segment to Rs 10/km. Bangalore-based TaxiForSure has run aggressive promotional offers, as has radio-taxi operator Meru.
TaxiForSure co-founder Aprameya Radhakrishna said demand has increased ever since the discounting started. "For three years, we have not discounted at all. It's only now that we are giving out offers like Rs 1 ride to our customers,"Radhakrishna said. The company is backed by investors, including Accel Partners, Bessemer Venture and Helion Venture. "The game at this point is customer acquisition, and if that means putting in more cash to back the company and win the market, so be it,"said an investor who did not wish to be identified.
Such is the demand that, according to industry executives, taxi companies are unable to accommodate about almost a fifth of potential passengers. But since the longterm strategy for most aggregators is to attract first-time riders and lure more drivers into the system, profitability temporarily takes a backseat in the backdrop of support of investors.
Industry sources estimate that all firms are making a loss of between 20-40% on every ride, but with the support of investors, margin pressures are eased. The strategy is paying off. "We have seen demand go up five times since we cut our prices, with most traction coming from our app,"said Siddhartha Pahwa, CEO, Meru Cabs. Executives at Ola, Uber and TaxiForSure concur.
"A rapid scale-up in demand and supply is resulting in fewer dry runs for drivers, lower wait time for customers, more rides per hour and, hence, higher driver earnings,"said Tarun Davda, VP at Matrix Partners and a board observer at OlaCabs. With the discounting, it's not just consumer demand but also driver income that rises. Since Ola cut rates to Rs 10/km for its mini segment, it claims that average driver revenue has risen by 30%-40%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulling to set up coal regulator; to come up with strategy to auction blocksYou are here: Home > Collections
Government mulling to set up coal regulator; to come up with strategy to auction coal blocks
Debjoy Sengupta, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 04.38AM IST
Tags:
CMPDIL
(Set up in 1993 under the administrative…)
KOLKATA: The government is planning to set up a Directorate General of Coal, along the lines of the agency that covers hydrocarbons as it puts together a strategy to auction the coal blocks that have to taken back from private companies following the recent Supreme Court order cancelling allocations. The new office "would undertake similar sort of activities like the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH)," said a senior official aware of the development.
Set up in 1993 under the administrative control of the oil ministry through a government resolution, the DGH seeks to ensure the sound management of oil and natural gas resources while keeping environment, safety, technological and economic aspects in mind. DGH's responsibilities include implementation of the New Exploration Licensing Policy through auctions of oil and gas blocks, checking production-sharing contracts for discovered fields and exploration blocks, promotion of investment in the exploration and production (E&P) sector and monitoring of E&P activities, including the review of reservoir performance of producing fields. In addition, DGH is also engaged in opening up areas for future exploration and development of non-conventional energy sources such as coal bed methane and potential future sources such as gas hydrates and shale oil.
The proposed agency is likely to get help from the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Ltd (CMPDIL) on data and expertise. Coal India Ltd subsidiary CMPDIL is an exploration company that holds vast amounts of data on coal blocks in the country. In fact, it holds reserve data for almost all coal blocks in India. It has been given the task of auctioning three coal blocks for cement, steel and sponge iron companies.
Although there has been no clear directive from the government, CMPDIL has started rearranging the data so that blocks can be auctioned profitably. It wants to ask the government to allow it to take over the deep-seated blocks that are located below the seams mined by Coal India. "There are a few blocks in the list which do not hold reserves that are economically viable to be mined. These blocks need to be merged with the existing large blocks," said a CMPDIL official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Four reasons why cloud is a good thingAccelerate India |  Nov 10, 2014, 06:06 PM 0thIST
Four reasons why cloud is a good thing
Oxford dictionary describes the term technology as, "the application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry." The term is a derivative from a Greek one, tekhnologia, which means systematic treatment. Thus, the term has an inherent complexity to it
Yet, the odd thing is that, any technology that seeks to gain credence and market share needs to piggyback on simplicity. Organisations and people are not attuned to complex things. They love technology when it is simple and easy to use. Take the case of email: It had existed for a long-time in the academic circles, till Hotmail came around and made it universal by making it extremely simple for people to use. Similarly, iPod was not the first MP3 player in the market, but it was the least complicated to use. Simplicity is a necessary ingredient for any technology to go mainstream.
 
 
 
The case is not much different for cloud computing as well. The reason it has become pervasive and ubiquitous over the years is because it has been 'simplified'.  Till a few years back, there used to be complex acronyms like SaaS (Software as a Service), PaaS (Platform as a Service), IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service), CaaS (Communications  as a Service), that attempted to encapsulate the concept of virtual hosting and sharing of data. It is only when software giants like Microsoft simplified cloud computing to a stage when it could be easily deployed and managed that it gained credence and market share. And today, we have reached a stage where Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft, boldly lays out the future as, "Cloud First, Mobile First".
Beyond simplification, there are distinct reasons why cloud computing has been adopted by companies big and small across the board. While there are different reasons for each organisation, the benefits of cloud computing can be basically summed under four distinct head, as follows:
I: Cost savings
There is no better term than "money savings" to gain the attention of a CXO in an enterprise. Little wonder, that the term RoI (return on investments) is a clear favorite of the CEO, CFO and even the CIO. Cloud scores high on the RoI. The great thing about cloud computing savings is that they are both Opex and Capex. According to estimates presented by CDP in a report, organisations can save up to 40-50% expenditure simply by going on the cloud.
When Ashok Leyland, one of India biggest automobile companies wanted to optimize and enhance its disparate IT infrastructure, it turned to cloud. Transitioning to a virtual environment, the company was able to drastically bring down the number of servers, thereby bringing down power and management costs. Venkatesh Natarajan, Special Director – IT, Ashok Leyland says, “The need for fewer physical servers will help us save $1.26 million a year in power and cooling costs and $0.8 million in annual maintenance costs (AMC). From a business perspective there will also be a huge reduction in licensing costs, close to $0.74 million a year.” Thus, by going on the cloud the company was not only able to simplify its infrastructure but also save money.
II: Augmented productivity
One of the prime reasons for the spread of cloud computing is because of the way it boosts productivity. As it allows access and collaboration over multiple devices, information stored on the cloud can be viewed, edited, downloaded on any device from any location. Enterprises can leverage this neutrality of device to empower their employees and boost sales.
For instance when KPIT Cummins, an IT and product engineering company with operations spread across 8 offices in India and 17 internationally, wanted to bring its 8000 plus workforce on a cost-effective platform , it evaluated a host of solutions. Finally, with the release of Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8 Enterprise, it deployed the solutions. The idea was to build an environment that would deliver more IT management efficiencies, at lower costs and enhance system availability. Through the use of innovative systems, KPIT was able to even introduce highly virtualized environments that allowed employees to Bring Your Own Device (BYOD). This was a major fillip to its workforce as it was no longer tied down to a device. Manas Marulkar, Head-IT Infrastructure, Systems and Chief Information Security Officer, KPIT Cummins, shared the secret. "As both the server and the client are BYOD-ready, Windows Server has a number of features to control access that will make BYOD a reality. And Windows 8 allows seamless access on a wide variety of form factors such as tablets, mobile phones, laptops and PCs without additional development effort."
III: Business agility
Flexibility and scalability are the two calling cards of cloud computing. With things like dynamic and instant requisitioning, an enterprise on the cloud does not need to worry about things like bandwidth or throughput. Neither does it have to make provisions for unique events as it can easily manage them, as and when they occur. There is also another side effect of flexibility, and that is reduced costs. Thanks to cloud, an enterprise now needs to only utilise and pay for as many resources that it uses. Since provisioning is dynamic, so is the the cost. Basically, the principle is, to pay as you grow.
In addition to scalability, enterprises can also breathe easy on the technology front, as they don’t have to bother about things like bandwidth and through put anymore. As the data stored on the cloud, there is no challenge in terms of access on different devices.  Adding devices that can access data is also a very simple task, thereby increasing the productivity by very many notches.
Take the instance of Getit Infomedia, a digital supermarket that provides a marketplace to over 6 million SMEs through print, online and mobile services. The company was seeing exponential growth over the past few years and needed infrastructure to support rapid expansion without added costs. Also, the solution had to be dynamic and scalable. It is then that the firm decided to go in for Windows Azure-based cloud infrastructure. With that, Getit Infomedia was able to migrate 25 workloads from on-premise deployments to the cloud. This enabled consolidation and ease of use, with the company reducing costs by as much as 30% across the board. Rahul Chitale, CTO, Getit Infomedia states it upfront, "As part of the evaluation process, three things were important for us. One, we were looking at doing things on an internet scale, which means expanding rapidly with minimal time. Two, we wanted to reduce our services costs, which ruled most local hosts. And three, we wanted to engage with third-party developers in the SME space. Windows Azure had very clear differentiators which led us to choose it over others."
IV: Go intelligent
Business analytics and intelligence (BA/I) are tools that let enterprises mine raw data and glean interesting trends and insights. Typically, these systems allow an enterprise to gather, store, access and analyze data to aid in decision-making. Cloud computing fits naturally with BI. By enabling big data analytics on the go, enterprises can do real-time analysis. This can help companies gain market share by letting it customize its solutions and services based on the market trends and customer needs.
Take the case of Bajaj Finance, one of India's leading financial companies, that offers a bouquet of loans to individuals and SMEs. A few years back the company was looking at integrating business intelligence within their systems, along with a digital channel for information sharing with customers and partners. In addition, there was also the need to enhance collaboration among the teams by use of communication and messaging tools. After detailed evaluation, the company settled for data warehousing and portal solutions from Microsoft. By doing so, they were able to standardise the disparate systems and drive productivity through collaboration. Rakesh Bhatt, Chief Operations & Technology Officer, Bajaj Finance, talks about the same, when he states "Using Microsoft solutions we have successfully delivered business productivity by standardizing the data warehouse, portal, messaging and unified communications architecture of our company."
In the end, as is evident from the above instances, cloud computing is a boon that is helping modern-day businesses thrive like never before. Little wonder, it hardly matters if it is an MNC or a SME, both can use the power of technology to cut costs, and increase productivity.
CIO Interviews
In an exclusive interact ... more »
Related Articles

Seven best games for iOS and Android. Take a look!Seven best games for iOS and Android
24 Oct, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
We've collected the best games for your iPhone, iPad and Android device, chosen for their stunning design, fun gameplay, and overall polish.
From fast-paced arcade games like Timberman to sprawling epics like Broken Age, you're bound to fi nd something that's to your liking.

South Africa soccer captain killed by intrudersSouth Africa soccer captain Meyiwa killed by intruders
By By Mark Gleeson | Reuters –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa of South Africa's Orlando Pirates is beaten by a goal …
By Mark Gleeson
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa’s soccer captain Senzo Meyiwa was shot dead by intruders in a township near Johannesburg on Sunday in what local media reported as a botched robbery.
The Orlando Pirates goalkeeper was shot after two men entered a house in Vosloorus where Meyiwa was visiting, at about 8 p.m. local time (1800 GMT), South Africa police said in a statement.
The intruders fled, along with a third man who had been waiting outside. Other people in the house were unharmed.
Local media said the intruders had demanded a mobile phone.
“We can confirm that Bucs (Pirates) keeper Senzo Meyiwa has been shot and sadly declared dead on arrival at hospital,” the South African Police Services said on its Twitter feed.
“We must emphasize break of protocol... We know there are upset and hurt pple (people) at the house where (the) incident occurred and at hospital. Calm please.
“We can assure all South Africans that we will do all we can to bring Meyiwa's killers (to) book,” the police said in a further tweet, offering a reward of R150,000 ($13,700).
The 27-year-old captained South Africa in their last four matches in the African Nations Cup qualifiers without conceding a goal and played on Saturday when his club advanced to the semi-finals of the South African League Cup.
“This is a sad loss which ever way you look at it – to Senzo’s family, his extended family, Orlando Pirates and to the nation,” Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza said in a statement.
News of the shooting prompted widespread sympathy on social media and condemnation of South Africa’s rampant gun violence.
“How do you kill someone for a cellphone?” tweeted national team mate Tsepo Masilela.
Belgian-based goalkeeper Darren Keet, who had been Meyiwa’s understudy over the last four internationals, tweeted: “When does it STOP South Africa?”
Meyiwa’s death follows that of another prominent South African sportsman, former world 800 metres champion Mbulaeni Mulaudzi, killed in a car accident on Friday.
Violent gun crime in South Africa has been highlighted by the trial of Paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius, who was given a five-year jail sentence for culpable homicide after shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
More than 17,000 people were murdered in South Africa between April 2013 and March 2014, an increase of about 800 over the previous year, according to police figures.
(1 US dollar = 10.9400 South African rand)
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Ken Ferris, Ian Ransom)
Recommend

Central  south Gujarat likely to bear the brunt of Cyclone NilofarCentral, south Gujarat likely to bear the brunt of Cyclone Nilofar
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 27:  
Just as very severe cyclone Nilofar prowls the Arabian Sea, churn is being initiated in the Andaman Sea and transmitted into the southwest Bay of Bengal, off Sri Lanka and south-east Tamil Nadu.
The European Centre for Medium-Term Weather Forecasts sees the possibility of a likely weather system being fanned up off the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh coast by mid-week next week (early November).
Embedded system
It would be embedded into an easterly wave lying extended from the Andaman Sea to the coasts off Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka, which itself would bring a spell of wet weather for the region.
Easterly waves are counterparts of western disturbances that affect the north and northwest of India from time to time. Only difference is that the former is sea-bound while the latter is land-bound.
But instances are rare when seas to either side of the peninsula have simultaneously hosted storms during the northeast monsoon, though, technically speaking, they can happen.
A forecast by the US Navy Global Environmental Model (Navgem) gives a different spin to the scenario. It sees a residual circulation anchoring off the Kanyakumari coast over the next few days.
The circulation is shown growing in strength off Kanyakumari and climbing towards the Thiruvananthapuram/Nagercoil by November 3 up to when forecasts were available.
Landfall area
The European Centre also seems to concur by indicating a build up of wind around Sri Lanka and adjoining Comorin region around this time. This warrants monitoring since easterly waves are potential big-time weather makers.
Very severe cyclone Nilofar will weaken a notch to severe cyclone while crossing the coast, but a few models are now indicating that central and south Gujarat could be affected.
The jaw-like formation of the beast that the map of Gujarat resembles as it looks out into the Arabian Sea is where Nilofar would deliver the blow, say these models.
Along with Kutch, other regions likely to be affected will be Jamnagar, Porbandar, Junagadh, Amreli, Bhavnagar and Rajkot, if these projections were to hold.
Interestingly, wind field projections put out by India Met Department suggests that Porbandar could bear the larger brunt.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

New cropping method to boost pulses outputE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

City facing more than a few bad applesCity facing more than ‘a few bad apples’
Sam Fleming and Chris Giles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24a471b8-5e00-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PRA traces an ark towards higher defencesPRA traces a narrative ark towards higher flood defences
By Jonathan Guthrie
Insurers’ response to catastrophe stress tests hinges on government‘s attitude to climate change
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26159e0c-5de0-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S&P 500 Ends With Slight Loss on Oil  Europe WoesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Rates on US Treasury Bills Mixed at Weekly AuctionThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Black money: Meet the three account holders | More names to follow  says govtYou are here: Home > Collections > Mining
Meet the three black money account holders
Ratna Bhushan, Ram Sahgal & Megha Mandavia, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(Amid the surging protest…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Two men and a woman—an industrialist, a bullion trader and a miner— are now being prosecuted for allegedly stashing away black money in foreign bank accounts, according to an affidavit the government filed with the Supreme Court on Monday. ET profiles the three being probed:
Radha Timblo
Sixty-year-old Radha S Timblo figured among the top ten individual tax payers in FY10, ahead of many of the country's top industrialists. Four years later, she is being prosecuted for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks. The widow of Goan iron ore miner Satish Timblo and mother of three has been dogged by controversies in the past few years.
She was rapped by Supreme Court's panel for illegal mining in 2012. She was allegedly operating a mine,which was leased to someone who had migrated to and died in Pakistan. An interim report alleged the mine's ownership was taken illegally from the previous lessee. Her late husband was a part of one of the biggest and oldest mining families in the state. The Timblo family now owns several separate mining companies in Goa.
Her company Timblo Pvt. Ltd is one of the top five mining companies in the state. In a state where significant employment comes from mining, Timblos are considered a powerful family. Fomento Resources, headed by Ambar Timblo, is also an offshoot of the same family.
However, Ambar Timblo clarified his company has no business relations with Radha Timblo's firm. Even though her own mine is not producing iron ore anymore, Radha Timblo is helping others operate mines, an industry source who declined to be named said. She also runs a business of leasing boats for transportation of commodities.
ET was not able to reach Radha Timblo for a comment. Goa miners have had a history of showing up in lists naming questionable offshore bank accounts holders. A list of alleged bank account holders in international tax havens, which was released by International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), had names of Goan mining houses, including Salgaocar, Dempo and Timblo.
Pradip Burman
Pradip Burman, a fourth generation member of the Burman family and great grandson of Dabur founder Dr. S K Burman, is no longer involved in day to day operations at Dabur India Ltd, but runs businesses related to herbal products. He is also chairman of Sundesh, a non-profit organisation involved in health-care activities, education and vocational training of women, mainly doing work in Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
The 72-year old former director at Dabur, a mechanical engineer from MIT, US, lives in Delhi.
"This account was opened when he was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the I-T Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable," Dabur said in a statement, responding to reports that the government is prosecuting Pradip Burman for allegedly stashing black money.
"It is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush," the statement added.
Burman is currently chairman of Sanat Products, a company he set up independently in 1995. The company makes Spirulina dietary supplement and herbal extracts. He is also chairman of Ayurvet, a marketing company responsible for sales, distribution and promotion of herbal veterinary products. This is not the first time Burman's name has cropped up in a financial matter.
 
In January this year, ET had reported that Dabur's promoters Pradeep and Anand Burman had to pay up taxes after their names cropped up in a `HSBC black money list' of account holders which became available to tax authorities worldwide, including India. The so called HSBC list has names and holdings of individuals or entities with accounts in the Geneva branch of HSBC's Swiss subsidiary.
The information was stolen from the bank by a former employee in 2006 and given to India by France in 2011. At that time, a Dabur spokesperson said that accounts were opened when the Burman family members were NRIs and "were legally allowed to open such accounts".
Pankaj Lodhiya
Two leading Mumbai-based bullion dealers who have done business with the Pankaj Lodhiya promoted Shreeji Trading Company refer to him as "humble" and "soft-spoken" and as one of the leading bullion dealers in Gujarat.
He has interests in gold and silver bars trading, ornaments and realty. Before venturing into the bullion business, Lodhiya focused on real estate in Rajkot through his company Shreeji Realty. Lodhiya operates out of his registered office in Diwanpara on Bhupendra Road in Rajkot. "Their business is big - both his realty and bullion trading businesses are reputed," said a Rajkot-based jeweler who lives in Diwanpara.

Asian Shares Drift Lower  Fed Meeting AwaitedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares, Dollar Tread Cautiously Ahead of Fed Meeting
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 09:37 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Tokyo: Asian shares were modestly higher while the dollar held steady on Tuesday, as investors awaited the outcome of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting that begins later in the session for clues to the direction of US interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan shrugged off early losses and a lacklustre performance on Wall Street to rise about 0.3 per cent.
But Japan's Nikkei stock average extended losses, shedding 0.8 per cent on concerns over corporate earnings after disappointing results from Canon Inc, despite upbeat economic data released before the market open.
Japanese retail sales in September rose 2.3 per cent from a year earlier, government data showed, suggesting consumer spending is gradually picking up.
"Positive retail data is helping some retail stocks, but not strong enough to affect the whole market as investors are focused on the big overseas event now," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
The Fed is expected to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme and will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
"With the end of the asset purchase programme a foregone conclusion, speculation is once again mounting about the movement of interest rates," said Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG.
Data on Monday showed US services sector activity slowed in October to a six-month low, while manufacturing output in Texas decreased, providing more evidence that the Fed has reason to wait before raising US interest rates.
The US dollar steadied after slipping overnight on expectations of more dovish comments from the Fed.
The dollar index, which tracks the US unit against six major rivals, was steady at 85.502.
The dollar was flat on the day against its Japanese counterpart at 107.81 yen, but remained below Monday's nearly three-week high of 108.38.
The greenback inched up about 0.1 per cent against the euro to $1.2711.
Germany's closely watched Ifo report of business sentiment on Monday showed the index hit its lowest level in almost two years in October, indicating that Europe's largest economy faces challenges.
US crude for December was down about 0.5 per cent at $80.59 per barrel after dropping as low as $79.44 on Monday, its lowest level since June 2012, after Goldman Sachs cut its price forecasts. Concerns about weak global demand and booming supply continued to loom over the market.
Spot gold recouped earlier losses to rise 0.2 per cent to $1,228.60, pulling away from two-week lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

No preference for local companies in oil PSU...No preference for local companies in oil PSU contracts
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 05.56AM IST
Tags:
cost
(Oil ministry abolishes…)
NEW DELHI: In a big boost to managing costs and bringing latest technology in projects of state firms, the oil ministry has abolished the decades-old system in which domestic suppliers would win contracts even if their price bid was up to 10% higher than a competing foreign offer.
The change in the policy, which was implemented to help domestic supplier grow, will have a direct bearing on planned expenditure of Rs 421,229 crore on various projects of state-run oil and gas firms between 2012 and 2017, officials said. The government thinks that the policy of "price preference" has served its purpose as domestic suppliers have had adequate exposure to international competition, and they should now stand on their own feet.
This move is in continuation of recent policy reforms announced in oil and gas sector to global private investments that included deregulation of diesel prices and raising the price of domestic gas, government and industry sources said.
The policy of price preference was formulated in May 1984 and continued in one form or other despite stiff resistance by state oil companies, sources said.
Companies, particularly ONGC, Gail India and Oil India were against allowing price preference to domestic vendors to ensure level playing fields, sources said.
The oil ministry has taken a "considered decision" to do away with the existing price preference policy after a wider consultation, an oil ministry official said. The oil ministry also took the opinion of the finance ministry, which said that "the current formulation of price preference is not conducive to a competitive and efficient bidding environment", the official said.
"It has been ONGC's experience that due to price preference policy to domestic bidder's, participation by foreign bidders in ONGC's International competitive biddings has reduced considerably, leading to restricted competition resulting in higher costs to ONGC," a company executive said.
State oil firms' investment outlay for 2012-17 is over Rs 421,229 crore and 67% of the amount is proposed to be spent for exploration and production of oil and gas. ONGC, which is India's biggest energy explorer, is the biggest executor of oil and gas sector projects.
A GAIL India spokesperson said the company has discontinued the practice of giving price preference to domestic vendors over the global companies. "As far as its implications is concerned, the number of serious bidders will increase and it will generate better competition in the process," the spokesperson said.The government had initially thought that the Indian industry required protection against the foreign giants. "It is felt that Indian industry now has a fair exposure of global environment and should be able to compete with their foreign counterparts successfully, without any further protection," a government official said.
The scheme of price preference was formulated and renewed from time to time, when oil industry was under administrative price mechanism (APM). Though, even at that time, the policy of price preference resulted in additional costs to the oil companies, there was not much concern since the increased cost was being reimbursed to the oil companies under APM, the official said.
As APM is dismantled and market pricing is introduced for most of the petroleum products, there is no such reimbursement to the oil companies. State oil firms absorb increase the cost due to price preference policy, which often leads to cost overrun, the official said.
Executives in public sector companies said that some domestic companies took advantage of the price preference to bag contracts, but lack of competition discouraged them from completing their contracts on time, that led to project delays. ONGC strongly lobbied with the government to abolish the system.
"Under the new exploration licensing policy (Nelp), ONGC has to compete with other oil companies; domestic and international, to secure blocks for exploration. It will not be possible for ONGC to compete effectively with other E&P companies in the Nelp bidding process if it continues to provide price preference to domestic bidders," an industry source said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Earnings: HUL investors must wait and watchHUL investors must wait and watch as demand environment has still not picked up
ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.45AM IST
Tags:
demand environment
(The company’s June quarter…)
Fastmoving consumer goods major HUL's performance for the September quarter left investors guessing whether the worst is indeed over for the company. With its revenues 5%, the numbers are less impressive than those for the June quarter.
The revenue and profit growth in key segments -- like soaps and detergents, and personal products - as well as the overall operating profit and operating margin have been lower than those reported in the previous quarter. The company's June quarter thus seems to be more of an aberration in an otherwise subdued growth trajectory charted by HUL in the past six quarters.
The demand environment has still not picked up for the FMCG bellwether to post volume growth healthier than the 5-6%. The operating margin stood at 16.3%. Savings on account of lower ad spend and other expenses led to margin expansion of about half a percentage point. Despite slowdown in volumes, the company has managed to preserve its margins over the past several quarters.
The company has maintained its operating margins at 15-17% over the past 10 quarters - an indication that while external factors pulled back volume growth, profitability was maintained by a mix of price increases and cost savings. Day traders - many of them bearish in the run-up to the announcement of results - however, lapped up the September numbers. Their positions were partly driven by HUL parent Unilever's Q3 quarterly sales growth which was weakest in five years. Since Unilever results were announced some days ago, the bet was that the numbers, showing a general slowdown in emerging markets, would also find its reflection in HUL results.
The HUL stock which had gained more than 9% in the past three months dropped nearly 5% on Monday. The fact that the stock was trading at very high valuations also justified the sell-off. For long-term investors, the September quarter results mean another quarter of wait and watch. But a lot would depend on consumer demand reviving and the company's ability to control costs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens In IraqIraq Suicide Bombing Kills Dozens Of Shi'ite Militiamen In Jurf Al-Sakhar
Reuters  | By                                                                Michael Georgy
reddit
By Michael Georgy
BAGHDAD, Oct 27 (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed at least 27 Shi'ite militiamen outside the Iraqi town of Jurf al-Sakhar on Monday after security forces pushed Islamic State militants out of the area over the weekend, army and police sources said.
The attacker, driving a Humvee vehicle packed with explosives and likely stolen from defeated government troops, also wounded 60 Shi'ite Muslim militiamen, who had helped government forces retake the town just south of the capital.
Iraqis are bracing for more sectarian attacks on Shi'ites, who are preparing for the religious festival of Ashura, an event that defines Shi'ism and its rift with Sunni Islam.
At mosques and shrines across Iraq, millions of Shi'ites are expected to commemorate the slaying of Prophet Mohammad's grandson Hussein at the battle of Kerbala in AD 680.
Violence has in the past marred the run up to the event, which will take place next week, and the festival itself.
On Monday night, a car bomb killed at least 15 people in central Baghdad, police and medical sources said. The attack took place on a street with shops and restaurants in Karrada district, home to both Sunni and Shi'ite Muslims as well as other sects and ethnic groups.
Islamic State sees Shi'ites as infidels who deserve to die and their attacks on them have brought violence back to levels seen in 2006 and 2007 at the height of a civil war.
Holding Jurf al-Sakhar is critical for Iraqi security forces, who finally managed to drive out the Sunni insurgents after months of fighting and need to capitalize on their victory to keep the militants away from Baghdad.
It could also allow Iraqi forces to sever Islamic State connections to their strongholds in western Anbar province and stop them infiltrating the mainly Shi'ite Muslim south.
PRESSURE ON BAGHDAD
The group has threatened to march on Baghdad, home to special forces and thousands of Shi'ite militias expected to put up fierce resistance if the capital comes under threat.
Gains against Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot made up of Arab and foreign fighters, are often fragile even with the support of U.S. air strikes on militant targets in Iraq and neighboring Syria.
The United States led nearly a dozen air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq on Sunday and Monday, including the besieged Syrian Kurdish border town of Kobani, according to the U.S. military.
As Iraqi government soldiers and militias savored their victory and were taking photographs of Islamic State corpses on Sunday, mortar rounds fired by Islamic State fighters who had fled to orchards to the west rained down on Jurf al-Sakhar.
The rounds hit the militiamen, killing dozens and scattering body parts, according to a Reuters witness.
The next significant fighting near Baghdad is expected to take place in the Sunni heartland Anbar province.
The town of Amriyat al-Falluja has been surrounded by Islamic State militants on three sides for weeks. Security officials say government forces are gearing up for an operation designed to break the siege.
Gains in the Islamic State stronghold of Anbar could raise the morale of Iraqi troops after they collapsed in the face of a lighting advance by the insurgents in the north in June.
In a meeting with Sunni tribal leaders from Anbar broadcast on state television, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said:
"We need soldiers to sign up for the army to stay and defend the country, not to come to the army for livelihoods.
"We should focus on one front when we attack instead of fighting on more than one front because terrorists can switch the battle to another area. We should defeat them in one place and then move to the other front."
In order to stabilize Iraq, Abadi, a Shi'ite, must win over Sunnis, espcially from Anbar, who have long believed Shi'ite leaders have a sectarian agenda. Some support Islamic State.
NO LETUP TO THE VIOLENCE
Islamic State kept up the pressure on security forces, attacking soldiers, policemen and Shi'ite militiamen in the town of al-Mansuriyah, northeast of Baghdad. Six members of the Iraqi security forces were killed, police said.
Kurdish peshmerga fighters also made advances over the weekend against Islamic State, which has declared a caliphate in the heart of the Middle East and is determined to redraw the map of the oil-producing region.
Much attention is focused on the planned deployment of peshmerga to Kobani, where fellow Kurds have been fending off an attack by Islamic State for 40 days.
Iraqi Kurdish officials and a member of the Kurdish administration in Syria said the peshmerga had been due to head to Kobani via Turkey on Sunday but their departure had been postponed.
Iraqi Kurdish forces will not engage in ground fighting in the Syrian town of Kobani but provide artillery support for fellow Kurds there, a Kurdish spokesman has said.
Islamic State fighters have been trying to capture Kobani for over a month, pressing on despite U.S.-led air strikes on their positions and the deaths of hundreds of their fighters.
(Additional reporting by Dasha Afanasieva in Mursitpinar and Isabel Coles in Arbil, Oliver Holmes in Beirut and Jonny Hogg in Ankara; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Related on HuffPost:

Sensex trades 67 points higher; healthcare  realty riseSensex trades 67 points higher; healthcare  realty rise
BJP to elect Maharashtra legislature party leader todayBJP to elect Maharashtra legislature party leader today
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Moving ahead with the process of forming a Government, newly-elected BJP legislators in Maharashtra will meet here today to elect their leader amid Shiv Sena’s expression of desire for a coalition Government of the two parties.
The BJP MLAs will gather at the party’s State headquarters at Nariman Point at 11 am and then proceed towards Inox Square near Vidhan Bhavan where they will pay tribute to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.
The BJP legislature party meeting will begin in the Vidhan Bhavan at 4 pm in the presence of the party’s central observers, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and the party’s National General Secretary J P Nadda, a party spokesperson said.
The election of the Legislature Party leader, who will be the Chief Minister, will mark a step towards formation of the Government in the State, where the BJP fell short of a majority by 23 seats in the 288-member Assembly.
“After the Legislature Party leader is elected, we will call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao and stake a claim to form the Government,” BJP General-Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy had said.
State BJP President Devendra Fadnavis, under whose leadership the party fought the polls and registered its most impressive performance in Maharashtra till date, has emerged as the front-runner for the CM’s post. The BJP will hold the swearing-in of a minority Government on October 31.
Speaking openly for the first time in favour of a BJP-led coalition government, senior Sena leader and spokesman Sanjay Raut had said yesterday that such a dispensation will be a “stable” one.
“If the Shiv Sena and BJP come together to form a Government, it will be stable. Our ties with BJP are very old. Whatever happened during the election we have forgotten. Ours is not like an India-Pakistan fight.
“The people have given a mandate to the BJP. It has got more seats. It is our duty (to lend support to BJP). Sena’s support will always be there for a Chief Minister who works in the interest of Maharashtra,” he had said.
BJP won 122 seats in the 288-member Assembly. Govind Rathod, who was elected from Mukhed in Nanded, passed away on Sunday, reducing the strength to 121.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Black money disclosures by Modi govt is black mailBlack money disclosures by Narendra Modi govt selective black mail; disclose all 700 names: Goa Congress
PTI | Panaji | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 13:36  IST
Oct 28 2014, 13:36  IST
 

Two million barrels of oil on ocean floor after BP spillTwo million barrels of oil on ocean floor after BP spill
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 28:  
Around two million barrels of oil from the BP spill off the US Gulf Coast in 2010 is believed to have settled on the ocean floor, according to a study.
The fate of two million of the nearly five million barrels that gushed into the open waters has remained a mystery until now, said the findings in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a peer-reviewed US journal.
Researchers analysed samples collected at more than 500 locations around the Macondo Well, where the leaked oil emerged, and found it had spread widely, settling down like dirt in a bathtub.
The oil was found to have spread as far as 3,200 square km from the site, and may have gone even further, the report said.
“Our analysis suggests the oil initially was suspended in deep waters and then settled to the underlying sea floor,” said the study by the University of California, Santa Barbara; the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts; and the University of California, Irvine.
Researchers came to this conclusion by studying seafloor sediment cores for residual hopane, a hydrocarbon that comes from crude oil.
The National Wildlife Federation said earlier this year that scientific studies on 14 different types of creatures affected by the spill show that long lasting harm was done to dolphins, sea turtles, tuna, loons and other animals in the region.
In pleading guilty to the spill, BP agreed to pay the government $4.5 billion to settle criminal charges in the case.
It also agreed in 2012 to settle damage claims by businesses and individuals for about $7.8 billion.
Last month, a federal court judge in New Orleans concluded that BP acted with “gross negligence” ahead of the massive 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, meaning BP may face billions of dollars in new fines.
The April 20, 2010 Deepwater Horizon drilling rig blowout, which killed 11 people, happened because BP’s US subsidiaries, along with oil—services company Halliburton and rig owner Transocean, did not take adequate care in drilling a risky well, the court found.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Bharti Infratel shares gain over 3% on robust Q2 earningsBharti Infratel shares gain over 3% on robust Q2 earnings
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Shares of tower firm Bharti Infratel today rose over 3 per cent after the company reported a 68 per cent jump in its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Bharti Infratel’s stock gained 3 per cent to Rs 299.25 on the BSE.
On the NSE, it was up 3.13 per cent at Rs 299.50.
Bharti Infratel had yesterday reported a 68 per cent jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 465 crore for the September quarter on the back of increased number of tenants on towers.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 277 crore in the corresponding period last financial year.
Revenue of the company rose 9 per cent to Rs 2,930 crore for the second quarter of 2015 fiscal as compared to Rs 2,684 crore last time, the company had said in a statement.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading up 25 pointsSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

JK polls: EC issues notification for first phaseOct 28, 2014, 12.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
J&K polls: EC issues notification for first phase
In the first phase due on November 25, polls will be held in 15 Assembly segments spread across seven districts of Bandipora, Ganderbal in Kashmir Valley, Kargil, Leh of Ladakh region, Kishtwar, Doda and Ramban of Jammu region.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
J&K polls: EC issues notification for first phase
In the first phase due on November 25, polls will be held in 15 Assembly segments spread across seven districts of Bandipora, Ganderbal in Kashmir Valley, Kargil, Leh of Ladakh region, Kishtwar, Doda and Ramban of Jammu region.
Post your opinion here
 
The Election Commission today issued notification for the first of the five phases of Jammu and Kashmir Assembly polls.
In the first phase due on November 25, polls will be held in 15 Assembly segments spread across seven districts of Bandipora, Ganderbal in Kashmir Valley, Kargil, Leh of Ladakh region, Kishtwar, Doda and Ramban of Jammu region.
"As recommended by ECI in pursuance of Sub-section (2) of Section 27 of the said Act, the Governor of the State of J&K is hereby pleased to call upon the 15 Assembly constituencies in the State, to elect members to the Legislative Assembly in accordance with the provision of Act," J&K Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Umang Narula said in the notification.
The last date for candidates to file their nominations is November 5. The scrutiny of nomination papers would be held on November 7 while the last date for withdrawal of nomination is on November 10, J&K Deputy CEO, Rakesh Kumar Srangal said.
Also read:  Maha: BJP in two minds over post-poll alliance with Sena
He further stated that the date of counting of votes has been fixed for 23 December this year.
"ECI has fixed 0800 hours to 1600 hours as hours during which the poll shall, be taken in each constituency on the specified date," Srangal said.
The EC on Saturday decided to go ahead with holding Assembly polls in the state devastated by last month's floods and announced a five-phased election schedule to be held on November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20.
The State Government has sought 565 companies of security personnel to ensure smooth elections.
In the first phase, the Assembly constituencies of Gurez, Bandipora, Sonawari, Kangan, Ganderbal, Nobra, Leh, Kargil, Zanskar, Kishtwar, Inderwal, Doda, Bhaderwah, Ramban and Banihal.
Congress and NC had bagged seven seats each while PDP took one seat in 2008 Assembly polls.
Nine each assembly seats in Kashmir and Jammu regions will be going to polls in the second phase on December two. Of these, maximum of six are in Udhampur, five in Baramulla, four in Anantnag and three in Jammu.
The notification for the second phase will be issued on November seven with date of polling December two.
The third phase, for which polling will be held on December 9, will cover remaining seven seats of Baramulla Parliamentary constituency, five seats in Budgam of central Kashmir and four from Anantnag.
The current six-year term of Jammu and Kashmir Assembly ends on January 19. Political parties too have started gearing up for the elections.
RELATED NEWS

Mkt in consolidation phase; like midcaps: Birla Sun LifeOct 28, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Mkt in consolidation phase; like midcaps: Birla Sun Life
Sashi Krishnan, chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life, expects cyclical midcap stocks to perform well and adds that about 20 percent of his portfolio is allocated to midcaps.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkt in consolidation phase; like midcaps: Birla Sun Life
Sashi Krishnan, chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life, expects cyclical midcap stocks to perform well and adds that about 20 percent of his portfolio is allocated to midcaps.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The market may have seen a marginal sell-off on Monday, but it continues to be in a consolidation phase currently, believes Sashi Krishnan, chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Krishnan says a lot of stocks have already corrected significantly, so one must remain invested in this market.
Also read: Nifty may hit 8700-8800 by year-end: JM Financial
Krishnan expects the interest rates to soften in the upcoming months and hence expects banking sector to be benefited significantly. Moreover, he likes both private as well as public sector banks.
On investment strategies, Krishnan expects cyclical midcap stocks to perform well and says about 20 percent of his portfolio is allocated to midcaps.
“Stay with good quality mid cap names as they are likely to benefit the most once the investment cycle turns around,” he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sashi Krishnan’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal
Anuj: Does it look like the shallow correction is over, market is back to winning waves and what is the best way to play this market?
A: The market is moving into a consolidation phase and if you go away from the Nifty a lot of stocks actually corrected quite significantly and therefore there is opportunity in this market. But a couple of things have actually been in favour of us. One is the fact that the view on interest rates clearly is that rates will soften over the next couple of months. Whether the policy rates will get cut immediately in December or they will get cut in February is a matter of debate and we will have to take a call on how the RBI looks at it.
But I think a lot of things are going right on interest rate front and we do believe that interest rates will soften quite significantly which is good news on a large number of fronts. One the fact that lower interest rates is very good for the investment cycle and you will see the investment cycle returning much quickly.
Secondly it is going to have a very positive impact on both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit. So if you look at the fiscal deficit for example lower interest rates broadly coupled with the fact that you have got lower oil prices, would mean that you will land up with something like 4.5 percent fiscal deficit for the current year. You could actually even land up with a current account deficit of something around 2 percent. So the virtuous cycle seems to be coming back which is good news and therefore the markets did see to take a pause but my own feel is that there will be interest that will return into interest rate sensitives and cyclicals over the next couple of months which will bring the market back into momentum.
Ekta: How would you position yourself in the banking space now?
A: We are taking a view that interest rates will come down and interest rates coming down is in our opinion very positive for the banking sector. Therefore we are incrementally buying into the banking sector both into the private banks and into the government owned banks.
Infact the state owned banks got significantly beaten down given the fact that people had concerns on asset quality. Infact if you look at this quarter, asset quality still seems to be a concern. If you look at some of the results that have come out, it is not that asset quality worries have gone out completely, but if interest rates come down significantly what will typically happen is that it becomes an up cycle for all these banks and you will see improving asset qualities over the next couple of quarters. So we are taking exposure into the banking sector both the state owned banks and the private banks.
Anuj: Frontline IT has corrected 12-15 percent, in certain cases even higher than that. Good time to get some of those stocks back in portfolio or would you wait for more correction?
A: If you look at the immediate correction it has been because of this quarter results. Except for Infosys which was more or less in line with consensus estimates rest of the IT results seem to have disappointed marginally and that is one of the reasons why it has corrected. But one of the reasons why this disappointment was there was I suspect because there was over expectation in terms of what they could deliver.
The other problem is that we are seeing a slowdown in the global economy, we are seeing in recent times both Europe and to some extent Japan slowing down quite significantly and obviously this is going to impact some bit of outsourcinag. But value will start coming back into IT after these kind of corrections, with a 15 percent correction some of the stock prices you will see value coming back because the long-term story still remains intact and as an outsourcing destination India still has got tremendous potential. Whereas we haven’t reduced our exposure significantly we have not been increasing exposure, we will wait for opportunity to get in.
Q

SoftBank Internet and Media to Lead Investment of $210 Million in India s Ola CabsSoftBank Internet and Media to Lead Investment of $210 Million in India s Ola Cabs
HUL: How analysts read Q2 numbersHUL: How analysts read Q2 numbers
JSW Steel shares fall over 4 pc after CBI enquiry on officialsJSW Steel shares fall over 4 pc after CBI enquiry on officials
US markets closed mostly flat; S&P ends in redUS markets closed mostly flat; S&P ends in red
Vietnam PM accorded Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati BhavanVietnam PM accorded Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati Bhavan
India Considering More Taxes On Vegetable OilsIndia Considering More Taxes On Vegetable Oils
Japan s SoftBank CEO meets PM Narendra Modi in New DelhiJapan s SoftBank CEO meets PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares push higher ahead of Fed meetingGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares push higher ahead of Fed meeting
Prefer Wockhardt  Siemens  M&M Financial: AK PrabhakarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Wockhardt, Siemens, M&M Financial: AK Prabhakar
Wockhardt is a daily breakout from a triangular pattern and it is a mini wedge pattern also, so technically Wockhardt is looking good for 8-10 percent up-move in the next one to two weeks, says AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor shares his trading strategies for the day.
Union Bank of India  for this month alone as rallied almost 20 percent and it has broken and closed above a multiple resistance of Rs 225-226 and now the stock is poised to see a major short covering move and this is the highest of last three months.
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services  has given a weekly breakout after a very long time post result. The result has been encouraging and going forward the stock can achieve a target of Rs 340-350 by next March.
Wockhardt  is a daily breakout from a triangular pattern and it is a mini wedge pattern also, so technically Wockhardt is looking good for 8-10 percent up-move in the next one to two weeks.
Siemens  is on a verge of breakout and if that happens 8 to 0 percent rally is possible in Siemens. Capital goods stocks are doing good and Siemens will outperform from current levels.
RELATED NEWS

Essar Oil: Q2 results on Nov 07  2014Oct 28, 2014, 12.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Essar Oil: Q2 results on Nov 07, 2014
Essar Oil has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 07, 2014, to approve the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Essar Oil: Q2 results on Nov 07, 2014
Essar Oil has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 07, 2014, to approve the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Essar Oil Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 07, 2014, inter alia, to approve the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Source : BSE

UBS has not resolved US forex probe  extends Libor pactUBS has not resolved US forex probe, extends Libor pact
Reuters
Tweet
Zurich, Oct 28:  
Switzerland's largest bank UBS said on Tuesday it had not reached a resolution with the US Department of Justice's antitrust or criminal divisions in connection with alleged rigging of foreign exchange markets.
In its quarterly report, the Zurich-based bank said it had agreed with antitrust and criminal divisions to extend a non-prosecution agreement governing its 2012 settlement over rigging benchmark interest rates by one year, to December 2015, in relation to the forex bribe.
UBS also said it booked 1.8 billion Swiss francs ($1.90 billion) in third-quarter charges as it discusses a settlement to the forex investigation.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Mohan Babus son Manojs film to release in 25 countriesMohan Babu’s son Manoj’s film to release in 25 countries
K V Kurmanath
'Current Theega' to have widest release for a Telugu fim so far
Hyderabad, Oct 28:  
Current Theega (live wire), starring Manoj, the second son of veteran actor Mohan Babu, will be released in 25 countries apart from India on October 31. The producers claim that it is the widest release for any Telugu film.
The movie will be distributed overseas by the New York-based 24 Frames Factory, a distribution firm floated by Mohan Babu’s elder son Vishnu. It will be released in the US a day earlier.
The countries where the film will release include Australia, Canada, the UK, Malaysia, the Gulf, Uganda and Tanzania.
“We are targeting the Telugu diaspora in those countries that longs for Telugu content,” a press release said here on Tuesday.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

U.S.  China to hold trade talks in DecemberUS, China to hold trade talks in December
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 28:  
The U.S. and China will hold trade talks in Chicago in December to expand bilateral economic ties and address key agricultural and investment issues between the two countries.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Trade Representative Michael Froman will host a high-level Chinese delegation for the talks during the 25th session of the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT) from December 16 to 18, officials said.
US Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack will also take part in the dialogue to address key agricultural trade issues between the two countries.
“Expanding the U.S.-China bilateral trade relationship is critical to strengthening our nation’s economy and supporting job creation in communities from Maine to Hawaii,” Pritzker said.
Noting that JCCT has played a vital role in their efforts to bolster mutually beneficial relationship for more than two decades, the Commerce Secretary said the upcoming high-level discussions will culminate a year of continuous work to address important issues facing the two nations.
“This dialogue comes at an important time for the two largest economies in the world who share an enormous stake in the global trade and investment system,” Froman said.
The JCCT continues to be a place where the bilateral ties that link the U.S. and China are reinforced through cooperation and constructive face-to-face discussions focused on making concrete progress to address the challenges, he said.
Established in 1983, the JCCT is the primary forum for addressing bilateral trade and investment issues and promoting commercial opportunities between the United States and China.
High-level plenary meetings are held annually and are co-chaired by the US Secretary of Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, and the Chinese Vice Premier in charge of trade and investment issues.
Sixteen JCCT Working Groups meet throughout the year to address topics such as intellectual property rights, agriculture, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, information technology and travel and tourism.
The 24th Annual JCCT meeting was held in Beijing in 2013.
In the last year’s meeting, significant progress was made on several important issues, including protection and enforcement against theft of trade secrets, government procurement and market access for US testing and certification companies.
China was the third-largest market for U.S. exports in 2013 (after Canada and Mexico).
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Axis Bank Q2 PAT up 18.2% at Rs 1 610 crSave this video
Copy URL
The Bank’s net interest income during the quarter increased to Rs 3,522 crore, up 20 per cent from Rs 2,937 crore, Year-on-Year (YoY). Its NPA during the period remained 1.34 per cent, unchanged from the previous quarter.
34

Most wanted stocks: Top 8 scrips investors can bet onAtul-Chemical producer
(You can gain from the expertise…)
The returns from some stocks can be incredibly high. If you had bought 100 shares of Infosys for Rs 9,500 during its IPO in 1994, your investment would be worth Rs 4.85 crore today. That's an annualised return of more than 53% in the past 20 years.
While all investors dream about finding the next Infosys, stock picking is not easy, especially in a market close to its all-time high level. The Modi tide, which had lifted all the boats in the stock market, has abated. To make money in this market, one must focus on companies with solid fundamentals and sectors with bright prospects. Fund managers understand this very well. Before they pick a stock, the research team of the fund house does a rigorous study of the company's financials. Every aspect is studied in detail, every parameter extensively scrutinised before the stock is added to the fund's portfolio. Only the most promising companies make the cut. This stress on quality is reflected in the returns. While the average largecap fund has consistently outperformed the Nifty, the best funds have beaten it by miles.
You can gain from the expertise of a fund manager by investing in the funds he manages. Or, you can just mimic his actions by investing in the shares he picks for his funds. ET Wealth peeked into the portfolios of mutual funds to know which stocks they have favoured in the past four quarters.
One way to do this was by aggregating the holdings of all equity mutual funds to know the most widely held stocks. However, this could have been misleading. A stock can be widely held by funds, but this holding has actually declined in recent months.
So, we decided to look at stocks in which the mutual fund holding has consistently increased in the past four quarters. Our hypothesis is simple: if a stock witnesses a steady climb in mutual fund ownership over a period of time, it must have solid potential. The 175-odd equity schemes have an investing universe of 505 stocks, out of which 82 stocks have boasted a continuous rise in fund holding over the past three quarters.
This list was pruned further by including only those stocks with a return on equity (RoE) of more than 15% and a PE multiple of less than 30. This reduced the number to 24 stocks. We then looked at analysts' recommendations to identify eight most promising stocks. These are the most wanted stocks in the market today—winners that should be a part of your equity portfolio.
Read here to know why Niranjan Risbood, Director, Fund Research, Morningstar India feels it is not wise to mimic a fund manager while building up your portfolio
  Atul-Chemical producer with the right mix
One of the largest integrated chemical firms in the country, Atul serves companies spread across 27 sectors. It has a substantial presence in the US, the UK, Germany, Brazil and China. The company has been on a high-growth curve in the past few quarters and, consequently, it has managed to attract interest from equity fund managers.
In the quarter ended June 2014, its revenue jumped 25% year on year due to a faster growth in the performance of the chemical segment. The operating margins expanded 3% (300 basis points) to a healthy 16% driven by higher-than-expected revenue growth.
The strong revenue growth and margin expansion has led to an improved return on capital rmployed (RoCE) for the quarter. RoCE increased to 31% on an annualised basis, compared to 20% a year ago.
Experts expect the stock to deliver good returns due to earnings visibility and inexpensive valuations that provide room for a possible re-rating.
Exide Industries-Battery maker is charged up for growth
Auto and industrial battery maker, Exide Industries, is another stock that has been mutual funds' favourite over the past few quarters despite its comparatively expensive valuations. In the last quarter, Exide managed to beat earnings estimates due to a stronger-than-expected pick-up in power demand; a strong ramp-up in its telecom segment, and an uptick in its industrial segment. However, the auto segment, which contributes around 60% to its revenue, continues to underperform.
The auto battery replacement industry is unlikely to see over 8-10% growth for at least three years. However, analysts take heart from the improved performance of the industrial segment.
Going forward, the volumes from this segment are likely to improve if the expected strong growth in the telecom business and better growth in the UPS and infrastructure segments materialises. The volumes for the auto vertical are also likely to improve due to stronger growth in original equipment manufacturers' volumes across most segments.
  Finolex Industries-Market leader on a high-growth path

Tax-free bonds are still the best bet for investorsbonds
(Tax-free bonds have given…)
Stock investors may be celebrating, but even those who invested in tax free bonds have got reasons to cheer. Tax-free bonds issued in 2013 and earlier this year have churned out terrific returns of up to 25%. The 20-year tax-free bond from the National Housing Bank (NHB), which hit the market on 30 December 2013, is quoting at Rs 6,225, a return of 24.5% on its issue price of Rs 5,000. Other bonds issued around the same time have also given good returns.
A combination of factors has led to the rally in these long-term bonds. First, there is no new supply of tax free bonds because the 2014 Budget did not allow new tax-free bond issues. Second, the Budget also changed the tax rules for debt mutual funds, which drove more high net worth investors to tax-free bonds. Lastly, the recent fall in inflation have raised hopes of an early rate cut by the RBI and this pushed up bond prices in the secondary market.
Should you sell now?
The 22-24% rise in bond prices may prompt many investors to book profits, but experts think there is still some steam left in these bonds. The September 2014 retail inflation number was down to 6.46%, way below the RBI's target of 8% for January 2015 and close to its 6% target for January 2016.
Wholesale inflation is at a five-year low of 2.38%, raising hopes of a rate cut. "RBI is expected to cut rates or give clear hint about cutting rates from February 2015," says Vikram Dalal, Managing Director, Synergee Capital Services.
The Centre's initiatives to deregulate diesel and launch the direct transfer scheme for LPG subsidy, also makes a case for bringing interest rates down. "This will reduce subsidy by eliminating leakage. And, lower subsidy means less government borrowing and, therefore, lower interest rates," says Dalal. If rates are cut, bond prices will shoot up. Others think that these tax-free bonds are a good way to earn tax free income for retired people.
  "Retirees who invested for regular tax-free returns should continue holding these bonds," says Suresh Sadagopan, Founder, Ladder7 Financial Advisories. Since the coupon rates are quite attractive, don't sell now.
Higher yield compared to FDs
Though the prices have rallied in the past 10 months, the yield to maturity of most bonds is still above 7%. This makes them attractive for investors in the highest 30.9% tax bracket.
"These long-duration tax-free bonds are offering better yields compared to the posttax yields of other options such as FDs," says Dalal. The yield is over 10% for those in the highest 30.9% tax slab. So, it should be worth considering. Another factor that should attract investors is the long residual period of these bonds. With the economy stabilising, the interest rate structure may remain benign for the next decade. So, it makes sense to invest in these high-yield bonds now.
Don't ignore taxation issues
If you decide to exit now there will be tax implications. Says Dalal: "If you sell before one year, you will end up paying short-term capital gains tax even on the accumulated tax-free interests." Therefore, sell only after completing one year to get long-term capital gains benefit. As there is no indexation benefit available for such bonds, you have to pay 10% tax on long-term capital gains.
What else to look for
In addition to the yield-to-maturity, investors who want to buy from the market also have to look at the credit ratings of these tax-free bonds. Though these offerings are from PSUs and, therefore, the probability of default is low, you should demand higher yield if you are going below the AAA-rated papers. Go for bonds that are regularly traded. We included bond issues that are at least Rs 500 crore, since it ensures greater liquidity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Check out five common ways you can lose moneyYou are here: Home > Collections
Five common ways you can lose money
Oct 27, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(If you are suffering monetary…)
By Bindisha Sarang
If you are suffering monetary losses due to laziness and ignorance, have an ECS arrangement in place or set up phone reminders to ensure that you don't.
1. Missing the insurance premium date
How you lose: Irrespective of the reason for missing the payment date for your insurance premium, you stand to lose a lot of money. Insurers usually give a 15-30 day grace period, but if you miss even this, your policy can lapse. Depending on the time lapsed, you have to pay the premium, along with the revival charges, to retain the policy after the grace period is over.
What's your loss? The revival charge varies among different insurers. Typically, it is a flat fee of around Rs 500 or an interest on the outstanding premium, which is usually around 0.75% per month. The revival charges also depend on the type of policy.
2. Forgetting your credit card payment
How you lose: Among financial products, there's nothing as easy to use and as complicated to understand as a credit card. If you miss a credit card payment, you stand to suffer losses in three ways. You will be slapped with a late payment fee; you will have to pay interest on the outstanding sum, and you will have to pay more for any purchases that you make in the next billing cycle.
What's your loss? Usually, the late payment fee ranges between Rs 300 and Rs 700, depending on the payment due. The interest charged is 2-3% on the outstanding bill. You will have to pay an extra 2-3% for the purchases made in the next billing cycle. Your credit score will also suffer.
3. Ignorance about depositing advance tax
How you lose: Advance tax is required to be paid in three instalments. At least 30% of the tax by 15 September, 60% of the tax by 15 December, and the remaining by 15 March. If you fail to pay advance tax, you will have to pay interest on the defaulted amount.
What's your loss? Penalty is 1% simple interest per month on the defaulted sum for three months. The penalty is the same (1%) if you missed the 15 December deadline. If you miss the final date of payment, you will have to pay 1% simple interest on the defaulted amount for every month until the tax is fully paid.
4. Delay in paying utility bills
How you lose: A family of four easily pays 6-8 utility bills a month, which includes mobile bills, electricity bills, Internet charges, among others. If you manage to miss these, you have to shell out the late payment fee. What's your loss? Miss a couple of utility bill payments a month and you could be spending Rs 300-500 on late payment charges.
What's your loss? Miss a couple of utility bill payments a month and you could be spending Rs 300-500 on late payment charges.
5. Forgetting the loan EMI payment
How you lose: This is again a double-edged sword. If you miss home or car loan instalment , not only are you slapped with a penalty, but your credit score also suffers.
What's your loss? A late payment fee for a missed EMI on a personal loan with HDFC Bank is 24% per annum on the outstanding sum from the date of default. A late payment charge for a missed EMI on a home loan with ICICI Bank is in the range of Rs 500-5,000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New competition starts in development of U.S. militarys Iron Man suitBy Dan Lamothe October 27 Follow @danlamothe
This image taken from a video released by U.S. Special Operations Command shows its vision for the Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit, commonly known as its “Iron Man” suit effort. (YouTube screen grab)
The U.S. military team overseeing the development of a high-tech armor super-suit for elite U.S. Special Operations troops has launched a new competition, pitting private corporations against each other to improve situational awareness for commandos while they are wearing night-vision devices or other optics.
The effort focuses on overcoming challenges with latency in optical devices, said Navy Capt. Kevin Aandahl, a spokesman for U.S. Special Operations Command. It could improve the disorienting effect for those wearing advanced optics that can can see people, even in the dark, using infrared sensors or other means. The deadline to submit proposals was Oct. 17, Aandahl said.
The technology would be incorporated into SOCOM’s Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit (TALOS) program, which is developing an armor exoskeleton that could include super-human strength, sensors that respond directly to brain functions and liquid armor. It is commonly known as the military’s “Iron Man” suit, a reference to the Marvel comic and movie hero.
The program was launched last year, and received a lot of attention under Adm. William McRaven, who retired as the top commander in SOCOM in August, in part because of splashy publicity like this video:
McRaven’s replacement, Army Gen. Joseph L. Votel III, also is a strong advocate of new technology to better protect and enable Special Operations troops, Aandahl said.
“We have made significant progress in the first year of our TALOS effort and the TALOS team is diligently evaluating which technologies and features can be transitioned to the force in the near term and which can be developed and integrated into future designs,” he said.
The new challenge focusing on optics follows another event in the spring that was geared toward improving the exoskeleton prototypes that SOCOM has been reviewing. 
Last spring, SOCOM disclosed a handful of companies that are involved in the TALOS program, and said that it had been in discussions with corporations ranging from Nike to Boeing . A handful of small developmental deals have been signed, but only a couple of the companies have been named.
The major hurdle so far: power. While the comic book hero relies on a miniature reactor that is embedded in his chest, SOCOM has struggled in real life to find a power source for the suit, which could weigh several hundred pounds. McRaven said in February that the suits it is testing this year would not be powered, and predicted they wouldn’t be ready for combat until August 2018 at the earliest.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Vasundhra Raje expands her council of ministers  inducts 14 new membersThis is the first expansion of Cabinet after Raje took over as Chief Minister in December last year. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:55 am
 
Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje inducted 15 new ministers to her team Monday following months of deliberations with the Center. Raje managed to have her way by keeping out her dissentors from the list and threw up quite a few surprises.
Rajpal Singh (MLA from Jhotwara), Kiran Maheshwari (Rajsamand), Surendra Goyal (Jaitaran) and Dr Rampratap (Hanumangarh) were sworn in as state cabinet ministers by Governor Kalyan Singh. Amra Ram (Pachpadra), Krishnendra Kaur (Nadbai), Vasudev Devnani (Ajmer North), Rajkumar Rinwa (Ratangarh), Surendra Pal Singh (Karanpur) and Anita Bhadel (Ajmer South) were sworn in as Ministers of State (Independent charge). Four ministers – Pushpendra Singh (Bali), Babu Lal Verma (Kesheorapatan) , Arjun Lal (Bilara) and Otaram Dewasi (Sirohi) – were inducted as MoS. Jeetmal Khat (Banswara), who missed the oath taking ceremony in the afternoon, arrived in the state capital later in the day and was administered oath as a minister in the evening.
Even as Raje attempted social engineering in her cabinet revamp, her cautious tiptoeing around her dissentors was evident. Senior legislators whose names were doing the rounds such as Ghanshyam Tiwari, Narpat Singh Rajvi and Rao Rajendra Singh were given a miss. Tiwari, a vocal dissentor of Raje, was being backed by the RSS and had caused much rift between Raje and the Center. Tiwari, former education minister, had won with a whopping majority of over 68,000 votes. Rajvi and Rao, both senior leaders, too did not manage to win Raje’s favour.
Raje was working with a lean team of 12 ministers including herself since the BJP government came to power in December. Raje herself held 47 portfolios that had led to major backlog of work in several departments. The ruling government also got embroiled in a controversy as former legislator Sanwar Lal Jat, who was elected as Member of Parliament from Ajmer defeating former Congress union minister Sachin Pilot, continued to hold a cabinet portfolio even after vacating his assembly seat. The state government was on the brink of a constitutional crisis as Jat who sought a special provision to continue holding his portfolio for six months from vacating his assembly seat, would have lost the privilege by November end. The state cabinet would have then come down to 11 ministers leading to a constitutional crisis. The state cabinet has to comprise at least 12 percent of the total assembly strength which is 12 for Rajasthan (200 seats).
Following the expansion, the Raje government now has a total of 26 ministers including the CM. A meeting of the new cabinet was called late on Monday evening to discuss the portfolios that are yet to be announced. Jat’s exit is now continued…

Blackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fundOct 28, 2014, 08.20 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Blackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fund
Blackstone, which derived 45 percent of its earnings from real estate in the first nine months of 2014, has started preliminary conversations with potential investors about the new fund and expects marketing documents to be ready in the next few weeks, the people said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Blackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fund
Blackstone, which derived 45 percent of its earnings from real estate in the first nine months of 2014, has started preliminary conversations with potential investors about the new fund and expects marketing documents to be ready in the next few weeks, the people said.
Post your opinion here
 
Blackstone Group LP , the world's largest private equity investor in real estate, is preparing to seek around USD 13 billion for its next flagship global real estate fund, in line with its predecessor fund, according to people familiar with the matter.
Blackstone, which derived 45 percent of its earnings from real estate in the first nine months of 2014, has started preliminary conversations with potential investors about the new fund and expects marketing documents to be ready in the next few weeks, the people said.
Blackstone has enjoyed phenomenal success in the sector. Its latest fund, Blackstone Real Estate Partners VII, which raised $13.4 billion in 2012, reported a net internal rate of return of 27 percent as of the end of September. As a result of Blackstone's success in the sector, its head of real estate, Jonathan Gray, is being viewed as a potential successor to Chief Executive Stephen Schwarzman, who is a co-founder of the firm, people have previously told Reuters.
Blackstone has sought to moderate expectations, telling potential investors that it will be hard for the new real estate fund to beat the high returns of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VII, the people said.
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because Blackstone's conversations with its investors are private. Blackstone declined to comment.
RELATED NEWS

12 Takeaways from the sixth episode of GothamGordon (Ben McKenzie, left) and Bullock (Donal Logue) try to clean up Gotham in their own ways in the Fox hit. (photo by Jessica Miglio/FOX)
 
THIS WEEK’S episode of “Gotham” gives us a killer (the Goat) who seems to have come back from the dead; a look into Bullock’s surprising good-cop past; a make-up session between Jim Gordon and his still-angry fiancee, Barbara; and Montoya’s final push to put Gordon behind bars.
Here are Comic Riffs’ 12 Takeaways from the sixth episode of Fox’s “Gotham”:
1. Good Cop Bullock
We start with a 10-year jump back into the past. Bullock and his partner (not Gordon, obviously) are on the trail of the Goat, a killer who’s going around slaying the kids of the 1-percent elite. They’ve tracked him down to an abandoned theater. Bullock’s partner calls for back-up. Bullock says that will take too long; he demands that they enter the building now and take down the Goat. His partner says he’s crazy, but Bullock goes in anyway.
This is an interesting peak into the man Bullock used to be. You can’t help but see Bullock as the version of Gordon he deals with now: young, naive, still full of hope — all the things Bullock isn’t now. Young Bullock goes in and gets his man, but not before two tragedies: The Goat has already killed his victim, and Bullock’s partner is critically injured. That all leads us to the present day, when another young Gotham 1-percent kid is left for the police, with the same calling card of the Goat. Bullock immediately recognizes the signs and refuses to accept the possibility of the Goat’s being alive. He put a bullet in The Goat, after all. Bullock wants the press to have no part of this. At least he’s not dealing with the Daily Planet.
2. Barbara and Jim work it out….kind of.
While investigating the crime scene of what is clearly a Goat crime, Bullock is shocked to see that he beat Gordon to work. Bullock says that is rare fore the “Boy Scout.” Gordon is with Barbara, trying to figure out where they are after she left him saying she wanted the whole truth about his police work or she’s gone. Barbara says she wants half — not half of Gordon’s probably underpaid GCPD salary, but rather at least half of what he goes through daily as a Gotham detective. She refuses to be shut out. Jim reluctantly agrees to tell her everything as soon as he can. So they’re back together. So we know what that means. It’s time for Montoya to show up.
3. Montoya not letting up
Montoya and her partner, Crispus Allen, are back at the scene to investigate the “murder” of Oswald “Penguin” Cobblepot (the killing that we know didn’t really happen). Montoya wants Gordon bad. Allen is fed up; he says they’re chasing dead ends. Montoya wants one more try. They find a person squatting. They show a pic of Gordon and ask whether the squatter has seen him before, maybe during a shooting. The squatter actually recognizes Gordon (and for a split-second, you want to go back to Episode 1 — presuming you haven’t deleted it from your DVR — to see whether this guy was there when Gordon faked the killing). The guy tells Montoya and Allen that Gordon does seem familiar. He did see him, and says that Gordon has ice in his veins. Montoya has her witness. Time to arrest Gordon, but not before rubbing it in Barbara’s face, of course. You can’t help but wonder whether Montoya really wants a supposed dirty cop, or whether this is all fuel to an obsession with Barbara.
4. Finally, a closer look at Nygma
Our Edward Nygma appearance starts off as it always does. He’s at a crime scene, collecting evidence and asking riddles that no one wants to answer (especially Bullock). Eddie actually plays a major part in the solving of this episode’s mystery, but not before we get a closer look into his inquisitive mind. Eddie needs files. Those are handled by a girl in the GCPD named Kris Kringle (Nygma loves the name). Eddie is out of his comfort zone, as it becomes apparent that he’s got a crush on Kris. For once, Eddie doesn’t have all the answers on what to do. Kris isn’t at all impressed with Eddie, especially after he tries to reorganize her files to help her out. They have an intense stare diluted by their glasses (which are there to signify they’re both smart). Eddie is so far from first base that he’s struck out before he got in the batter’s box. He leaves disturbed. He messed up. What do we make of this? Will rejections like these lead him to be the villain we know he’ll become? Who knows? It’s only one episode. Maybe he’ll impress Kris yet.
5. Mother Weirdest?
Oswald finally goes home to his overprotective mother. She’s still convinced that he ran off with a woman. When Oswald assures her that wasn’t the case, she’s a little too happy. This is a weird relationship. But Oswald is down on his luck after revealing himself to Maroni and now being forced to give intel about all things Falcone, as Maroni continues to try to make a move on the crown of Gotham’s king of crime. It’s obvious that Oswald is there to get a confidence boost from Mom. He assures his mother that he’s going to be someone important in Gotham (we know he’s right) and tells her that he has found a cop he can trust (Gordon). He then gets a deeply weird sponge bath that — at least for viewers — can’t end soon enough.
6. Penny for your thoughts
Bullock and Gordon are at the morgue, where the body of the Goat’s latest victim is. The coroner tells Bullock and Gordon that he’s found nothing that can help with the case. Bullock says to search the neck for a small, stitched-up incision. It’s there. Something is inside. Bullock already knows what it is. A penny — the calling card of the Goat. It’s the same guy — but how? Bullock killed him. The thought of someone that he killed in the line of duty coming back from the dead now haunts Bullock. He thinks he’s going crazy, but he digs deeper, knowing he’s got more work to do. Bullock and Gordon figure out that the two Goat cases, 10 years apart, have something in common. No forced entry. They start looking for a connection. Bullock says to get Nygma on it, noting that he’s freaky with puzzles.
7. Bruce shows no fear
When we finally get a scene with Bruce and Alfred (in the manor, as they usually are), they’re watching a newscast in which the anchor says that the kids of the 1-percent are in peril. Someone is hunting them down. Alfred tells Bruce that young Master Wayne should consider leaving town, because he’s a potential target. Bruce, of course, will do no such thing. His face betrays not an ounce of concern. Has he already learned how to eliminate fear? Bruce says that he’s got work to do. And besides, he says: “Why would the Goat take me? There’s no one to take me from.”
8. Selina and Bruce — together for the first time
We finally get Selina and Bruce together. She has sneaked into the manor (there’s no Batcave security yet — window was unlocked). It’s the first time we’ve seen the two this close since Selina witnessed the killing of Bruce’s parents. But there are no Bat/Cat chats now. Bruce is asleep. Selina leaves when she hears Alfred’s footsteps, but she grabs an item off of the desk before creeping out. The point of this visit is unclear. Is this just more catlike behavior from Selina? Here’s hoping the next time she visits, Bruce is awake.
9. Bullock has a heart (who knew?).
Bullock and Gordon have to visit his old partner — the one who was injured in the original Goat case. Turns out, he’s in a kind of retirement home. Bullock is paying the bill. Who knew Bullock cared about anything, let alone another human being. Bullock lets a nurse know to send the next bill by mail. And he wants to make sure his partner received the magazines he ordered for him. “Those magazines are horrible,” the nurse said. “But he got them right?” Bullock asks. What? You thought this tender Bullock moment would end any other way?
10. Bad guy down: more questions, fewer answers
With the help of Nygma, Bullock and Gordon get their Goat. And this time, the potential victim is saved. Gordon helps Bullock take down the Goat with some nifty, made-for-TV blocking and counter-punching. But when they get the guy cuffed and to the GCPD, it’s not the same guy. But how did he know the signs to leave of the original Goat. This is eating Bullock alive — until he sees an awkward hand movement on his current Goat. It’s the same movement he saw on the previous new-Goat victim’s father, who was seeing a psychologist/hypnotist. Bullock puts 2 and 2 together. He’s got his real Goat, and leaves to confront her (solo, because Gordon is too busy being arrested — we’ll get to that). The psychologist, despite Bullock’s interrogation of her, shows no fear. This should be Bullock’s first sign that he’s in serious trouble. The shrink orders the father of the first victim (whom she was treating at the time) to kill Bullock. Bullock gives him a solid right fist and somehow manages to shoot the shrink in the leg. Real bad guy caught. But what was that about Gordon being arrested?
11. Oswald to the rescue
Barbara tells Gordon that they’ve got to leave town, because her ex is about to arrest Gordon. Gordon says that he’s not leaving — because he’s innocent. There’s a knock at the door. Of course, it’s Montoya and Allen. (At this point, Allen just does whatever Montoya says; one-sided partnership there, but hey, maybe Montoya’s in love). Gordon is arrested and brought to GCPD to be put in a cell. Captain Essen is having no part of it. She’s not having one of her cops being handled like this on her turf. Montoya repeats that Gordon is guilty of the murder of Oswald. Gordon, no longer able to continue lying, says that he didn’t kill Oswald. Bullock agrees, but only because he thinks Gordon is trying to lie — little does he know Gordon is telling the truth. But before another word is said, the GCPD gets a visitor. It’s Oswald.
12. Wait — what?
Yes, Oswald. He’s standing at the entrance of the GCPD, in a freshly dry-cleaned suit given to him by Mommy dearest. He’s made his major move — it’s out in the open now: He’s not dead. Now Maroni doesn’t have an iron-clad grip on him. But now it’s also out that Gordon didn’t kill Oswald. Bullock is furious. He looks as if he wants to kill Gordon there and now, which is sad, because we got a peek of the cop Harvey used to be in this episode. Present-day Bullock is a cop who let Gotham get to the man he used to be. And right now, he’d like nothing more than to see Gordon in cement. That’s where this week’s episode ends. But at least now, Montoya can’t keep nagging Barbara about Gordon “the killer.” But with Gordon’s innocence known to all, now he and everyone around him might be in more danger than ever.
You can follow freelance contributor David Betancourt on Twitter at @adcfanboy .

Nifty reclaims 8000; HUL  Coal India Infosys laggardsOct 28, 2014, 09.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty reclaims 8000; HUL, Coal India & Infosys laggards
L&T, ICICI Bank, ONGC, Bharti Airtel and TCS are top gainers in the Sensex. Coal India, Infosys, HUL, Hindalco and Hero are among the laggards.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty reclaims 8000; HUL, Coal India & Infosys laggards
L&T, ICICI Bank, ONGC, Bharti Airtel and TCS are top gainers in the Sensex. Coal India, Infosys, HUL, Hindalco and Hero are among the laggards.
Post your opinion here
09:07
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:50 am FII view: Gautam Chhaochharia, UBS says consumer staples/discretionary and autos have done well in anticipation of pent-up demand led consumption recovery, especially in the context of the October festive season. However, we expect disappointment in the near term, he adds.
“Our top-down view is that the consumer and auto sectors' risk-reward profiles are relatively unattractive. We are underweight on consumers and 2-wheelers and our least preferred stocks include United Spirits, HUL and Hero Motocorp. Some stocks may still meet expectations or even surprise positively. We prefer Maruti Suzuki, Titan and Asian Paints,” says Chhaochharia.
9:30 am Poll: Nestle India, which is engaged in the food business, is expected to report a 10.9 percent growth in third quarter profit at Rs 316 crore compared to Rs 285 crore in the year-ago period, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18. Numbers will be announced today and the company follows calendar year 2014 as its financial year.
Total income from operations may increase 10.3 percent to Rs 2,603 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 2,360 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Operating profit during the quarter is likely to jump 7.8 percent on yearly basis to Rs 532 crore but margin may decline 50 basis points to 20.4 percent.
Don't miss: SoftBank to invest $627 million in Snapdeal
After some profit taking yesterday, the market has opened higher on Tuesday. The Sensex is up 66.07 points at 26818.97 and the Nifty is up 10.70 points at 8002.40. About 354 shares have advanced, 121 shares declined, and 29 shares are unchanged.
L&T, ICICI Bank, ONGC, Bharti Airtel and TCS are top gainers in the Sensex. Coal India, Infosys, HUL, Hindalco and Hero are among the laggards.
The Indian rupee opened flat at 61.33 per dollar versus 61.31 Monday.The US dollar nurses modest losses, on expectations of more dovish comments from the Federal Reserve.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "We do not expect rupee to dip below Rs 61.20/dollar due to demand from nationalised banks at that level. The range for the day could be Rs 61.20-61.45/dollar. We expect exporters to sell above Rs 61.40/dollar.”
In the US, stocks closed little changed, after the market's best week of the year, as investors tracked the cost of crude as a proxy for the health of the global economy and sorted through quarterly earnings.
It is an important week for the US markets, as the Federal Reserve will begin its 2-day policy meeting today. The fed is expected to end its 3rd round of bond buying and the investors will look for clues on timing of rate hike.
European stock markets closed lower after a closely-watched German economic report came in weaker than expected, putting the brakes on a relief rally over the results of a key health check on the region's banks. German business sentiment hit its lowest level in almost two years.
In commodities, Brent crude slipped to USD 85 per barrel as Goldman Sachs cut its 2015 outlook for oil prices, saying it expects Brent crude to drop to USD 85 a barrel in the first quarter of 2015. From precious metals space, gold prices slipped to USD 1220 an ounce ahead of FOMC meeting.
 

Big e-tail push: Japan s Softbank to invest $627 mn in SnapdealSnapdeal seals $627mn investment deal with Japan's Softbank
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 10:28 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:22 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
In the biggest investment ever by an investor in any Indian e-commerce firm, Japanese internet and telecommunications group SoftBank has put in $627 million (Rs 3,847 crore) in Snapdeal, becoming the largest shareholder in the online marketplace major.
Snapdeal will use the investments in expanding its chain of fulfillment centres and make acquisitions in the coming few months, specifically in the area of mobile technology. With mobile commerce fast gaining pace in the country, the firm also plans to set up an incubation centre to hone and harness start-up businesses in the mobile technology space within next six months.
With this investment, Snapdeal has raised around $1 billion this calendar year.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a meeting with CEO of SoftBank Corporation, Masayoshi Son, in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
The Delhi-headquartered online retailer which was founded by Wharton graduate Kunal Bahl and IIT Delhi alumnus Rohit Bansal in 2010, received $133.7 million in February from investors led by Chinese e-commerce company eBay and $105 million in May from a group of investors, including IT billionaire Azim Premji's family office Premji Invest.
The company has also got investment backing from Tata group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata. Besides SoftBank, a few existing investors participated in the latest fund raising in Snapdeal.
The online marketplace claims to have 25 million users and 50,000 sellers on its platform.
Through this strategic investment and partnership with Snapdeal, the SoftBank Group aims to further strengthen its presence in India and leverage synergies with its network of Internet companies around the world, Snapdeal said in a statement.
 
Consequent to the strategic investment by SoftBank, its vice-chairman Nikesh Arora will join the board of Snapdeal.
This substantial investment is a major highlight of the SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son's meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday. Son announced a $10 billion investment in Indian internet, telecommunication and aviation companies.
"We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support the development of the market," Son said in a statement in Bangalore.
Nikesh Arora, SoftBank Corp vice-chairman and CEO of SIMI, said, "India has the third-largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential."
SoftBank has now become the lead investor in $210 million (Rs 1289 crore) fund raising by another internet firm Bangalore-based Ola, the company said on Tuesday.
Its investment in Snapdeal comes four months after its rival, Bangalore-based Flipkart, raised $1 billion from a clutch of investors including Singapore government's sovereign wealth fund, besides existing PE firms such as Accel Partners that took its valuation to $7 billion (Rs 42,000 crore).
Homegrown e-commerce firms Flipkart and Snapdeal are facing intense competition from global major Amazon, which had announced $2 billion investment to ramp up business in India.
SoftBank, has hit a jackpot with Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba as its 32% stake is currently valued $60 billion. It now looks to cash in on increasing online retail in India through investments in a host of emerging internet companies in the country.
Kunal Bahl, co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, said that with the support of Softbank, the company is confident of further strengthening "our promise to consumers and create life changing experiences for 1 million small businesses in India."
Earlier this year, Snapdeal had raised $133.77 million in a round led by eBay and $105 million from institutional investors, including Temasek, Myriad, Tybourne, Blackrock Inc. and Premji Invest.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion by 2020. Another report by consultancy firm PwC and industry body Assocham suggests that e-commerce firms are expected to spend up to $1.9 billion by 2017-2020 on infrastructure, logistics and warehousing.

State Bank of Mysore spikes 19% on strong Q2 profitOct 28, 2014, 10.56 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
State Bank of Mysore spikes 19% on strong Q2 profit
Profit increased to Rs 102 crore (from Rs 30.1 crore) on the back of low base in Q2FY14, higher other income and lower provisions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
State Bank of Mysore spikes 19% on strong Q2 profit
Profit increased to Rs 102 crore (from Rs 30.1 crore) on the back of low base in Q2FY14, higher other income and lower provisions.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  State Bank of Mysore rallied as much as 19.3 percent intraday Tuesday after SBI's subsidiary reported a 3.4 times jump (year-on-year) in net profit in July-September quarter.
Profit increased to Rs 102 crore (from Rs 30.1 crore) on the back of low base in Q2FY14, higher other income and lower provisions. Profit was down 79.3 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 30.1 crore in Q2FY14 on big spike in provision (up 181 percent).
Provisions declined 32.3 percent on yearly basis to Rs 216.6 crore in the quarter gone by while other income (non-interest income) jumped 39.3 percent to Rs 181.73 crore and operating profit grew by 27.6 percent to Rs 347.4 crore during the same period.
Net interest income rose by 5 percent to Rs 513.6 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 489 crore in same quarter last year.
Even its asset quality was stable with the gross non-performing assets (NPAs) falling 89 basis points year-on-year (down 6 bps Q-o-Q) to 5.07 percent and net NPAs declining 75 bps Y-o-Y (up 22 bps sequentially) to 2.94 percent in the quarter gone by.
At 10:40 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 557, up Rs 66.70, or 13.60 percent amid large volumes on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Meanwhile, its promoter  State Bank of India jumped 1.7 percent to Rs 2,639.75 while its peers  State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur climbed 7 percent to Rs 612.85 and  State Bank of Travancore rose 7 percent to Rs 472.75.
RELATED NEWS

SC pulls up L-G  Centre for delay in decision on Delhi govtSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Maharashtra: BJP MLAs meet today  Fadnavis likely to be named CM pickBJP MLAs meet, Fadnavis selected new Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:47 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Devendra Fadnavis was on Tuesday elected the new chief minister of Maharashtra.
BJP workers celebrate the party's victory in Maharashtra assembly polls, wearing masks of state president Devendra Fadnavis. (PTI photo)
Fadnavis, 44, was selected the legislative party leader by the new BJP MLAs in a meeting at Vidhan Bhavan in the presence of party's central observers, Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party's national general secretary J P Nadda.
Fadnavis and other state BJP leaders will now call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao and formally stake claim to form the government.
Fadnavis was the front runner in the CM race from the very beginning, except for a short hiccup when about 40 BJP MLAs from Vidarbha openly backed Union minister Gadkari for the top job.
But the RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat reportedly settled the issue by advising Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to become chief minister.
 To ally or not to ally
The Shiv Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on October 31.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) weakened the Sena's case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
Swearing-in on Friday
On Tuesday, central observers Union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy attended the meeting of the party's newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to Friday (October 31) so that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can attend it. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Banks non-home branch fees for transactions...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Charges for bank transactions outside the home branch are a relic of the pre-core banking system (CBS) days. Yet, banks are continuing with this legacy using a loophole in a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) circular and imposing charges under the head of 'handling charges' for cash deposits although it makes no difference to the bank where the transaction is being conducted.
A study by IIT-Bombay has highlighted how such cash handling charges are hurting the underprivileged who work away from their permanent place of residence. "Instead of harnessing the potential of the core banking system, banks are misusing the system with unjustified charges," said Ashish Das, professor of statistics at IIT-Bombay, who has conducted the study.
The study shows that while several banks discriminate in the way they treat home branch and non-home branch transactions, there is no uniformity in the practice.
HDFC Bank , for example, allows one free transaction up to Rs 49,999 per day at a non-home bank branch as long as the money is deposited by the accountholder himself. But if it is a third party, including a family member, there is a charge of Rs 100.
ICICI Bank allows one cash deposit transaction in a month by either the customer or his representative in a non-home branch. Beyond that, deposits at non-home branch accounts are charged Rs 5 per thousand rupees.
State Bank of India has recently capped the number of free transactions to five in a month, beyond that there will be a charge of Rs 50 per transaction. The bank however does not place any restrictions on use of cash deposit machines (CDMs). Punjab National Bank , on the other hand, places restrictions on the number of transactions that can be done in a non-home branch. It also differentiates between deposits made in a cash deposit machine within the home branch and those outside the branch. Outstation deposits are charged at the rate of Rs 2 per Rs 1,000 or part of it.
The report, titled A Myth Called 'Any-Branch Banking', recommends that RBI end the disparity in charges for cash transactions at home branches and non-home branches. It also calls upon RBI to popularize cash deposit machines. To popularize the use of these machines, the report recommends that the National Payments Corporation of India take up the feature of reverse debit (cash deposit) under its interoperable debit card platform. This will allow account holders to make deposits in any machine. "With the envisaged increase in CDMs in the country, it is the right time to work towards making the CDMs interoperable," the report said.
In its circular issued in July last year the RBI had said, "To ensure that bank customers are treated fairly and reasonably without any discrimination and in a transparent manner at all branches of banks/service delivery locations under CBS environment, banks are advised to follow a uniform, fair and transparent pricing policy and not discriminate between their customers at home branch and non-home branches." However, the circular also clarified that cash handling charges may not be included under intersol (interbank) charges.
Following the introduction of core banking systems, details of accountholders are maintained in central servers and can be accessed through any branch across the country.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Government steeped in corruption: V. S. AchuthanandanLeader of the Opposition V.S. Achuthanandan handing over a torch to commemorate the 68th anniversary of the Punnapra-Vayalar uprising at Valiya Chudukkad, near Alappuzha, on Monday.
Tributes paid to Punnapra-Vayalar martyrs
Programmes organised jointly by the district committees of the CPI(M) and the CPI as part of the 68 anniversary of the Punnapra-Vayalar uprising concluded at Vayalar on Monday.
Leader of the Opposition V.S. Achuthanandan, who inaugurated the valedictory meeting, said society was being pushed to a struggle against the misuse of power by both the Union and State governments. While the Union government had sacrificed national security for the benefit of corporate giants, the State government was neck-deep in corruption, he said. CPI(M) State unit secretary Pinarayi Vijayan called for strengthening the unity among the Left parties to counter the ‘communal policies of the governments.’ At a ceremony at Valiya Chudukkad, near Alappuzha, Mr. Achuthanandan handed over a torch to be taken to the Vayalar Martyrs’ Memorial. An athletes’ procession, along with another that carried a second torch handed over by K.V. Thankappan, a participant of the uprising at Menasserry, arrived at Vayalar by 11.45 a.m.
Both the torches were received by CPI district secretary P. Thilothaman, MLA, the president of the observance committee.
A meeting to observe the 39 death anniversary of Vayalar Rama Varma was also organised. Poet Alankode Leelakrishnan inaugurated the function.
In a separate function at Vayalar, the district committee of the CPI (ML) Red Flag paid tributes to the martyrs of the uprising.

Prefer Wockhardt  Siemens  MM Financial: AK PrabhakarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Wockhardt, Siemens, M&M Financial: AK Prabhakar
Wockhardt is a daily breakout from a triangular pattern and it is a mini wedge pattern also, so technically Wockhardt is looking good for 8-10 percent up-move in the next one to two weeks, says AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor shares his trading strategies for the day.
Union Bank of India  for this month alone as rallied almost 20 percent and it has broken and closed above a multiple resistance of Rs 225-226 and now the stock is poised to see a major short covering move and this is the highest of last three months.
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services  has given a weekly breakout after a very long time post result. The result has been encouraging and going forward the stock can achieve a target of Rs 340-350 by next March.
Wockhardt  is a daily breakout from a triangular pattern and it is a mini wedge pattern also, so technically Wockhardt is looking good for 8-10 percent up-move in the next one to two weeks.
Siemens  is on a verge of breakout and if that happens 8 to 0 percent rally is possible in Siemens. Capital goods stocks are doing good and Siemens will outperform from current levels.
RELATED NEWS

Ajay  Yami and Manasvi at launch  Sonakshi missingCelebrity
Action Jakson trailer launch
Present at the event were Ajay Devgn, Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai. Sonakshi Sinha, who plays a pivotal role in the movie and portrayed her constant excitement on Twitter, however, gave the event a miss. Action Jackson is expected to release on December 5, 2014.

Super Mario  creator flirts with film  games still true loveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Italy rules out bailout for failed banksItaly rules out public money for banks that failed stress tests
James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c19933e-5de3-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gross incompetence at the State DepartmentBy David Bernstein October 27
Someone left State Department spokesman Jen Psaki grossly unprepared for a press briefing today (or at least I hope this reflects lack of preparation), and she wound up disagreeing with the notion that a teenage Palestinian Hamas supporter with American citizenship throwing molotov cocktails at cars on an Israeli highway was “essentially a terrorist” whom the State Department was a bit too quick too mourn. Of course there were ways she could have finessed this, for example by pointing out that a fourteen-year old’s death is tragic under any circumstances, and the government was simply acknowledging that fact, not in any way condoning the underlying violence that led to his death. If you watch the video, you will see that Psaki didn’t come anywhere near “finesse.” [I accidentally hit "publish" for a draft version of this post that wasn't ready for prime time.  This is the version I intended to publish.]
UPDATE: A bit of additional context: Relations between the Israeli government and the Obama Administration, and the State Department in particular, never great given Obama and Netanyahu’s rather obvious mutual disdain, are currently in what many call a “crisis” .  State is mad at the Israeli government for a variety of reasons, some more legitimate than others, and the Israeli press has been filled with reports of signs of this pique.  Defense Minister Yaalon was in the U.S. last week, and State officials  leaked that he was unwelcome to meet with anyone they could influence not to meet with him , because he has not publicly apologized for harshly criticizing Secretary of State John Kerry earlier this year.  More seriously than the treatment of an individual minister, reports have surfaced that the Obma administration ordered a sudden and unannounced freeze on supplying Israel with weapons during the Gaza war,  and also stopped U.S. law enforcement in its tracks as it was trying to help Israel locate the origins of a Facebook post that could have revealed where Hamas had taken an Israeli soldier during the war (the U.S. denies the latter is true). Israelis had also previously perceived that the U.S. government seemed reluctant to aid in recovering the three kidnapped teenagers whose deaths helped precipitate the Gaza war, one of whom was an American citizen.
To show how worried Israel and its supporters have become about signals emanating from the Obama Administration, pro-Israel media was most recently filled with criticism of the U.S. consulate in East Jerusalem for sending out a memo referring to the terrorist murder for a three month old baby in Jerusalem, an American citizen,  as a “traffic incident,”  which was much more likely internal bureaucratise than an intentional slap at Israel.  In short, this is a very sensitive time in U.S.-Israeli relations, where every statement from the U.S. government is being scrutinized to see if it will cause, or reflects, a further deterioration in those relations. Which means, in turn, that one would expect the State Department spokesman to be well-prepared for exactly the sort of question Psaki received, so that the government could clarify that it both was concerned about escalating violence in Jerusalem and the death of an American-citizen teenager, but also stood with Israel against Hamas and terrorism. You really need to watch the video see how poorly she handled the question, and how ill-prepared she seemed.
 
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Niche financial firms to try Aim floatsNiche financial firms to test waters with Aim flotations
Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eacf57c0-5df8-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

F&O: Expect 8050 to act as a resistance line(The Banknifty has gained…)
By Hemant Nahata, IIFL
Nifty gained 27% during the Samvat 2070 with eight out of the 11 expiries ending in the positive terrain. For the October expiry, the Nifty/Banknifty has rolled approximately 21-24% and contract wise, 44.4-6.4 lakhs shares being rolled to the next expiry. The Banknifty has gained 8% during the current expiry, helping the Nifty to remain in the positive terrain despite IT and FMCG being a drag. The Banknifty/Nifty spread is trading near its historical highs of 2.155x (currently the spread is at 2.07x).
FIIs' long-short position in index futures currently stands at 2.8x (2.6 lakh long contracts and short position 0.93 lakh contracts). FIIs have turned net buyers over the past 5-7 trading sessions. However, their stock futures long short ratio stands at 0.33 levels (up marginally from 0.32x) as they continue to hold short positions in individual stocks.
On the option front, we have observed maximum open interest (OI) at 8100call/7900put for the current series. At the same point, OI build-up at-the-money option suggests that traders are playing for range-bound market for the next three trading sessions - before volume weighted average price (VWAP) trades begin - with support at 7950 and resistance at 8050 levels.
Nifty current OI put call ratio (PCR) stands at 0.90, mirroring the previous week figures. Stocks in auto and capital goods sectors, especially Eicher Motors, L&T and Maruti, could be in limelight on account of long rolls. IT and FMCG stocks may continue to drag market lower, especially with HUL results falling short of expectations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Caution reigns as Asian markets eye FedWall Street firm ahead of Fed meeting
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e67e802-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Victoria Beckham named most successful entrepreneur in Britain  Amit and Meeta Patel followE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s economy to grow 5.6% in 2014-15  6.4% next year: World BankIndia s economy to grow 5.6% in 2014-15  6.4% next year: World Bank
L&T to build 182-metre Statue of Unity for R...You are here: Home > Collections
Larsen and Toubro bags contract to build 'Statue of Unity' for Rs 2,979 crore
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 07.09PM IST
Tags:
Anandi Patel
(S N Subrahmanyan (front…)
GANDHINAGAR: The work order for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project 'Statue of Unity' - the world's tallest statue of India's first home minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , was issued by the Gujarat government today, to leading engineering company Larsen and Toubro (L&T).
Work on the 182-metre tall statue of Sardar Patel is to be completed at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore, said Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel who presided over the function of handing over the work order.
"This huge construction work will be completed in four years at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore. The contract has been given to the country's leading construction company Larsen and Toubro," Patel said in her address, while giving the contract order to L&T.
"Rs 1,347 crore will be spent on the main statue, Rs 235 crore will be spent on the exhibition hall and convention centre, while Rs 83 crore will be spent on the bridge connecting the memorail to the main land and Rs 657 crore would be spent to maintain the structure until 15 years after it is completed," Patel said.
The 182-metre-tall 'Statue of Unity', which would be double the size of New York's 'Statue of Liberty' (93 metres), would inspire future generations, Patel said.
"The project will include an exhibition hall and audio- visual presentation on the life of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, which will become the centre of attraction for tourists from the all over the world," she said.
Patel also said that 75,000 cubic metres of concrete, 5,700 metric tonne of steel structure, 18,500 steel rods and 22,500 metric tonne of bronze will be used for the project.
Patel claimed that the 'Statue of Unity' project will generate employment in the tribal area of Narmada district as well as boost the tourism sector.
The 'Statue of Unity' will be built at Sadhu Island approximately 3.5 km south of Sardar Sarovar Dam at Kevadia area in Narmada district of the state of Gujarat.
The project was launched by the former Gujarat Chief Minister and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 31, 2013, on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary.
Modi had also launched a country wide campaign to collect iron to build the 'Statue Of Unity' and the Gujarat government has claimed that iron was collected from around seven lakh villages across the nation.
The Gujarat state government had invited expression of interest from all over the world for the project.
After completion of the tender process, L&T has been given the contract of to execute the 'Statue Of Unity' project.
Leading construction company Turner Construction , which built Dubai's famous architectural structure 'Burj Khalifa', is a consultant to the project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money list: Ram Jethmalani slams Narendra Modi govt  says worse than UPAE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How to ride the market rally & save on taxes | Poll stocks out of steamBlackRock Tax Saver Fund
("It makes sense to capitalise on…)
MUMBAI: Come December, the finance department of your company may start pushing you to submit proof for tax-saving investments. But, you need not wait till the last day to invest in a tax-saving instrument. With markets off their highs and many on Dalal Street predicting this as the start of a multi-year bull run, investors may consider buying units of mutual funds' taxsaving product — equity linked saving schemes (ELSS), according to investment advisors.
"It makes sense to capitalise on the current volatility in the market by investing in tax-saving funds to save on tax and create wealth," says Gajendra Kothari, MD & CEO, Etica Wealth Management. "Recent reforms announcements should be a positive trigger for equities in the near term," he says. Investors can put up to Rs150,000 into tax-saving products such as ELSS and Public Provident Fund (PPF) to claim income tax exemption under Section 80C.
Investments in ELSS come with threeyear lock-in period. According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking company, ELSS as a category has given 20.52% average returns in the last three years against the Nifty's 16.52% during the period. Wealth managers say investors should stick to schemes with good track record in the long run. Kothari recommends Reliance Tax Saver Fund, ICICI Prudential Tax Plan and DSP BlackRock Tax Saver Fund .
While the market has done well in the past year, with the CNX Nifty registering 28.91% returns, experts are betting on better times ahead. "Companies are expected to report good earnings growth, with Sensex companies posting 15% CAGR over three years. Taking into account expected earnings growth, there may be further valuation upsides in the market," says Chintan Haria, fund manager, ICICI Prudential AMC.
"The three-year lock-in in tax-saving funds makes investors take at least a three-year view on the equity markets". Mutual fund officials and investment advisors, however, warnagainst trying to time the market while buying ELSS. Chandresh Nigam, MD & CEO, Axis AMC, says, "It is better to take a staggered approach to reduce timing risk." He advises spreading current year investments in tax-saving funds over the next three to four months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tim Cook fires back as retailers block Apple...Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook fires back as retailers block Pay
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 11.01AM IST
Apple Pay already totes up more transactions than all other "contactless" payment methods combined, Cook said, citing Visa and Mastercard data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LAGUNA BEACH, CALIFORNIA: Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook fired back at CVS and Rite Aid on Monday after the drugstore chains blocked the iPhone maker's mobile payments service, saying there were plenty of other retailers around the world to sign up.
Apple Pay launched about a week ago and saw more than a million credit cards registered over the first 72 hours. It already totes up more transactions than all other "contactless" payment methods combined, Cook said, citing Visa and Mastercard data.
Such services, through which a user pays by holding a smartphone close to a specially designed terminal, have failed to catch on in the United States despite the backing of Google Inc and other influential players.
News emerged over the weekend that the two retailers had opted out of Apple Pay in favor of a rival system that roughly 50 chains, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are developing for in-house use.
"We've got a lot more merchants to sign up, we've got a lot of banks to sign up and we've got the rest of the world," Cook told the Wall Street Journal Digital Live conference, in the company's most extensive comments on the blockade so far.
In launching Apple Pay, the iPhone maker hopes to lock in more customers for its mobile devices by enhancing their overall utility. Industry experts say it stands a chance of becoming the first widely used payments feature on smartphones.
CVS and Rite Aid have not explained their surprise move. But the driving force behind developing a retailer-owned mobile payment solution is to avoid paying credit card transaction fees to card companies like Visa and Mastercard, analysts said. Fees range between 2 percent and 3 percent of costs per transaction.
Rite Aid stopped accepting Apple Pay last week at its 4,572 stores. Spokeswoman Ashley Flower said the company was evaluating various forms of mobile payment technologies.
CVS did not respond to queries seeking comment but a visit to two of its stores showed that the NFC (Near Field Communications) reader on which Apple Pay was used had been deactivated.
It remains to be seen, despite early signs of success, whether mobile payments will become widely adopted.
Cook argued on Monday that Apple Pay offered better security and privacy than competing services, and that retailers risked alienating customers by limiting choices at checkout.
"It's a skirmish," Cook said in response to a question about the retailers' moves.
"Merchants have different objectives sometimes. But in the long arc of time, you only are relevant as a retailer or merchant if your customers love you."

Sensex  Nifty trading in a range; top 20 intraday trading ideasSensex, Nifty trading in a range; top 20 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Oct 28, 2014, 11.50AM IST
(Nifty index also came off…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared some of its gains of over 100 points in trade on Tuesday, but was still trading in a range with a positive bias, led by gains in ICICI Bank, HDFC, L&T, SBI and Sun Pharma.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came off from its intraday high and was trading around its crucial psychological level of 8000, weighed down by losses in metals, oil & gas, power and metal stocks.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,796.82, up 43 points or 0.16 per cent. It touched a high of 26,865.11 and a low of 26,776.08 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,002.05, up 10 points or 0.32 per cent. It touched a high of 8,020.80 and a low of 7,995.50 in trade today.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Divi's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1865 and a stop loss of Rs 1810
Karnataka Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 128 and a stop loss of Rs 115
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 575 and a stop loss of Rs 558
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2700 and a stop loss of Rs 2604
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 244
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 155 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Biocon Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 469
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 843 and a stop loss of Rs 810
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 429 and a stop loss of Rs 409.50
Bharti Airtel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 392 and a stop loss of Rs 408
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Marksans Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 62 and a stop loss of Rs 56.50
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 601
Sin Pharama Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 837 and a stop loss of Rs 810
A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 260 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 192 and a stop loss of Rs 177
REC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 308 and a stop loss of Rs 280
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Analyst, Deen Dayal Investments
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2565
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3190 and a stop loss of Rs 2960
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1650 and a stop loss of Rs 1540
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banking stocks on a roll; top bets as CNX Bank Nifty hits all time highTop picks to buy as Bank Nifty hits all-time high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 01.36PM IST
(With the CPI and WPI inflation…)
MUMBAI: The momentum in banks continues even as the benchmark indices facing some resistance. The Bank Nifty has hit a fresh all-time high and according to analysts, the sectoral index will move higher as sentiment remains bullish in the finance sector.
With the CPI and WPI inflation cooling down, there are hopes that the Reserve Bank of India will lower interest rates sooner than later.
"The RBI governor wanted to be a little cautious. The Fed meeting is just around the corner. If they do give an indication that the interest rate hikes may be put off a little, the RBI governor might be bold enough to think about cutting rates. It may happen early next year. It may not happen immediately," said Hiren Ved, Director & CIO, Alchemy Capital Management.
In fact, the finance minister Arun Jaitley is in favour of cut in interest rates to trigger demand in the construction sector.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," Jaitley said in an interview to the Times of India.
There is optimism in market that economic growth is likely to pick-up.
The World Bank expects India's economic growth to rise to 5.6 per cent in FY15, followed by further acceleration to 6.4 per cent and 7 per cent in FY 2016 and FY 2017.
Analysts still remain bullish on private sector banks due to less NPA concerns. However, some of them have started recommending public sector banks as well.
According to Piyush Garg, EVP & CIO at ICICI Securities the demarcation continues between private sector banks and PSU banks.
"As of now, there is nothing in the economy to suggest that all the NPA problems, etc, which largely PSU banks are facing, are going to get over in a hurry. It can continue for a couple of quarters more. From that perspective, one can still hold on to the private sector banks," he told ET Now.
Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors likes Axis Bank and ICICI Bank from private sector banks. He may look at buying PSU banks as trading play.
"With PSU banks, I continue to say that I do not want to own them. I do not mind renting them when markets are moving higher. I am not a buyer of that, but now with expectations of interest rates coming down sooner rather than later, PSU banks could see some momentum from that," said Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors.
According to Goldman Sachs the PSU banks are expected to bounce back and sustain uptrend. It has SBI as a conviction Buy. Other top picks include Indusind Bank, Yes Bank, ING Vysya, Bank of Baroda and Orient Bank of Commerce.
Ved is of the view that though there are multiple headwinds for a structural bull run in PSU banks, there are certain better PSU banks like SBI and BOB. "They look much better than probably the other ones," he told ET Now.
At 11:00 a.m.; the Bank Nifty was at 16,632.05, up 0.46 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 16,702.30 earlier in the day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Special process to appoint top bosses at state-run banksIndia to set up new process for appointing state bank officials
Reuters –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 12:29 AM IST
View Photo
A security personnel stands guard in front of the gate of the State Bank of India (SBI) regional office in Kolkata May 23, 2014. REUTERS/Rupak de Chowdhuri/Files
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India decided late Monday to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
As a result, eight posts of bank chiefs and 14 posts of their deputies will fall vacant and have to be filled up "de novo", the finance ministry said in a statement, without giving further details.
The move comes months after an investigation began into whether the head of state-controlled Syndicate Bank (SBNK.NS) took bribes to roll over a loan to family-controlled Bhushan Steel (BSSL.NS).
The investigation not only raised broader concerns about weak oversight, corruption and politically directed lending at state banks, but also brought into focus irregularities in appointments at the banks.
In its wake, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration set up a panel, which also included Raghuram Rajan, the governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), to examine the process adopted this fiscal year for appointing top management at state banks.
Stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - currently amount to about 10 percent of all loans, making banks circumspect over lending. Fitch Ratings expects stressed assets to reach 14 percent of loans by March next year.
While a sluggish economy is the main reason for a rise in distressed assets, an RBI report in August also blamed lending to certain "excessively leveraged" groups.
(Reporting by Rajesh Kumar Singh; Editing by Larry King)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Supreme Court hits out at delay by Centre over forming govt in DelhiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US court issues summons against Amitabh Bachchan in 1984 riots caseUS court issues summons against Amitabh Bachchan in 1984 riots case
PTI
Tweet
Los Angeles, Oct 28:  
A US court has issued summons against Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan in an alleged human rights violation case filed by a Sikh rights group.
The US District Court here issued the summons on a complaint filed by New York-based Sikh for Justice (SFJ) and two alleged victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
The victims Babu Singh Dukhiya is based in Delhi and Mohender Singh is based in California.
The court has directed Bachchan to respond in 21 days after he is served with the summons.
Running into 35-pages, the complaint alleges that Bachchan instigated people for violence after the assassination of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi.
Over the past several years, SFJ has unsuccessfully tried to drag several Indian leaders to US courts in the alleged human rights violations cases.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Should investors buy HUL post inline Q2 resultsShould investors buy HUL post inline Q2 results?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 12.39PM IST
(Analysts are of the view…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hindustan Unilever were down on profit booking for second straight session even as the company's second quarter results were inline with market expectations.
The stock fell over 5 per cent in the past two sessions to touch intraday low of Rs 719.15 in trade today.
Analysts are of the view that while the results are inline, the valuations are high and investors should think of buying the stock are better entry points.
The company reported a net profit of Rs 988 crore for quarter ended July-September quarter, up 8 per cent, against a net profit of Rs 914 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Net sales in the period increased to Rs 7,466 crore, up 10.6 per cent, against Rs 6,747 crore, in year-ago period.
According to the management, the market conditions are still tough. "We don't know when the real turnaround will happen," said Sanjiv Mehta, managing director, HUL.
Citigroup has maintained 'Sell' recommendation on the stock due to its expensive valuations and 'tepid growth.'
"Our target price of Rs 660 is based on 32x FY16E EPS, at a premium to the stock's historical trading band (average of ~27-28x 1 yr forward in the last 15 years)," the Citi report said.
CIMB is of the view that the stock is fairly valued but won't be able to surprise with earnings in coming quarters.
"We maintain our estimates, September 15 target price (still based on 30x P/E, its five-year average) and Hold rating. We believe that HUVR will continue to perform well vs. its peers in a slowing market environment, but given the limited scope for an earnings surprise and its rich valuations, we recommend that investors wait for a better entry point," the report said.
The brokerage has a target price of Rs 700 on the stock.
Macquarie is remains positive on the company's medium term growth potential but doesn't see too much upside for the stock due to rich valuations (33.6X FY16E).
At 12:20 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 709.70, down 1.69 per cent, on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Larsen & Toubro Wins Bid to Construct Statue of Unity for Rs. 2 979 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Statue of Unity to be Built by Larsen & Toubro in Nearly Rs 3,000 Crore Contract
Agencies | Updated On: October 28, 2014 17:06 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
The statue that's being designed as the world's tallest will be built by Larsen & Toubro (L&T). The 182-metre bronze statue of India's first Home Minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, a project championed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is intended to be twice the size of New York's 'Statue of Liberty'.
Larsen & Toubro won the contract for Rs 2,979 crore through a bidding process for the project referred to as the Statue of Unity, the company said. Turner Construction, which built the world's tallest skyscraper Burj Khalifa in Dubai, will act as consultant.
The statue will be located on a river island in Gujarat, about a two-hour drive from the city of Baroda, L&T's senior executive vice president SN Subrahmanyan told NDTV today. It will take 42 months to execute, he said. L&T has not compromised on margins or profitability to win the project, he added. ( Watch )
In July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced in his budget speech that the government has set aside Rs 200 crore to help fund the construction of the Statue of Unity.
Mr Modi launched the project half a year before he was elected prime minister in May to honour Sardar Patel. Many in Gujarat feel his legacy has been neglected by the Congress party.
Mr Modi had said that every Indian "regrets Sardar Patel did not become the first prime minister. Had he been the first prime minister, the country's fate and face would have been completely different."
(With inputs from Reuters)

SC pulls up Centre and LG for delay in govt formation in DelhiYou are here: Home > Collections > Court
SC pulls up Centre and Delhi LG for delay in taking decision regarding government formation
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 12.20PM IST
Tags:
Delhi LG
(Centre tells SC that President…)
NEW DELHI: Supreme Court on Tuesday pulled up the Centre and Delhi L-G for delay in taking decision regarding government formation in the national capital. "In a democracy, President's Rule can't go on forever," the apex court said.
The government told SC that the President has allowed LG's proposal to invite BJP to form government. However, the court said that it will hear Aam Aadmi Party's (AAP) plea on merit on the issue.
"We gave you enough time but nothing happened and you always make one statement or other on the day of hearing," the court told the government. "LG should have taken decision on government formation at the earliest and should not have taken 5 months time," it added.
Over a week after the party's victory in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly polls, Delhi BJP has conveyed to the party leadership its preference for facing fresh polls in the city than taking power without having a majority.
BJP sources said the Delhi unit has started preparations for polls, preferably in January or February, and the Union government may soon indicate to Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to dissolve the assembly paving way for fresh elections.
Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar on October 10 had informed the court that the Centre's stand on government formation in Delhi will be known after Diwali.
"We have started preparations for the polls which may take place in January. The central leadership has been informed that we are ready for polls," a senior Delhi BJP leader said.
The Election Commission on Saturday had announced bypoll to three assembly constituencies on November 25 but if the Lt Governor dissolves the assembly then the bypolls will not take place.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top private refiners say cyclone will not di...Reliance, Essar Oil say cyclone Nilofar will not disrupt output
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Top private oil refiners are taking precautions but do not anticipate any impact on their operations from cyclone Nilofar.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Top private oil refiners are taking precautions but do not anticipate any impact on their operations from cyclone Nilofar , which is expected to hit the country's west coast on Saturday, officials said.
Nilofar, classified as a 'very severe cyclonic storm', is expected to weaken to a 'cyclonic storm' when it makes landfall on the northern Gujarat coast, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
Reliance Industries operates the world's biggest refining complex in Gujarat, where its two adjacent plants can process about 1.4 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil.
But that complex and Essar Oil Ltd's 400,000-barrel-per-day Vadinar refinery do not lie directly in the expected path of the cyclone, officials from both companies said.
"We have operating procedures for any kind of eventuality," a person with direct knowledge of Reliance's operations said.
Essar Oil said in an emailed statement that it was taking "all due precautions" and did not expect any production outage.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Gold  Silver prices likely to trade sideways:Sushil FinanceLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold, Silver prices likely to trade sideways:Sushil Finance
According to Sushil Finance, gold and Silver prices are likely to trade sideways as markets are awaiting outcome from the Fed’s 2-day meeting which would be out on Wednesday.
Post your opinion here
Sushil Finance's report on bullion
Gold
Gold dropped on Monday as crude oil prices tumbled, but losses were limited by recovering physical demand and expectations the Federal Reserve will wait before hiking interest rates. The metal came under pressure after U.S. data showed services sector activity dipped to a six-month low in October, and a sharp pullback in crude oil after Goldman Sachs slashed its price forecasts, citing lackluster global demand. Gold, however, was underpinned as China's net gold imports from Hong Kong jumped to a six-month high in September. Investors are focusing on the Fed's latest policy statement later this week, in which the U.S. central bank will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait for a long while before hiking interest rates, after a volatile month in financial markets. Any sign the Fed will raise interest rates later than currently expected could benefit gold, as it will keep the opportunity cost of holding nonyielding bullion low for longer. Gold's outlook will depend largely on the two-day Fed meeting to be concluded on Wednesday, when the U.S. central bank is also  widely expected to end its bond-buying stimulus program that first began in late 2008 known as quantitative easing (QE).
Outlook
We expect gold prices are likely to trade sideways as markets are awaiting outcome from the Fed’s 2-day meeting which would be out on Wednesday
Silver
Silver edged up 0.1 percent to $17.14 an ounce on Monday. The U.S. Federal Reserve this week will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets that saw some measures of inflation expectations drop worryingly low. The reassurance will be all the more necessary given that the U.S. central bank is all but certain to announce the end of its massive bondbuying stimulus when it wraps up a two-day meeting on Wednesday.
Outlook
We expect Silver prices are likely to trade sideways as markets are awaiting outcome from the Fed’s 2-day meeting which would be out on Wednesday.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Jeera  Soybean  Chana: Geojit ComtradeLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Jeera, Soybean, Chana: Geojit Comtrade
Geojit Comtrade has come out with its report on agricultural commodities. The research firm has recommended to buy Jeera above Rs 11,460 and Soybean & Chana on dip, in its report dated October 28, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Geojit Comtrade's report on agricultural commodities
Chana Nov NCDEX: As prices stay above 2950 expect the bulls to active in the counter towards 2980/3000 levels.
Jeera Nov NCDEX: Jeera prices continued its upward rally and finally closed at 11430 levels. It is required to break the eleven week high of 11460 for the bulls to continue towards 11500 followed by 11640/ 11700 or even higher to 11900 levels in the near term. Additionally, daily RSI (14) is still hovering higher, signals uptrend. However on the other end, a break below 11200 could see long liquidations towards 11000 levels, which is least expected in the immediate run.
Soybean Nov NCDEX: Soybean prices initially moved higher, touching a high of 3123 and later closed at 3087 levels. As prices are firmly footed above the ascending trend line support of 3045, sentiments still looks positive and could see upward moves to 3125/3170 or even higher to 3205 levels. Besides the support of EMAs, daily RSI (14) seems supportive for the near term buy trend. However, major weakness is likely to see only on a break below 2970 regions.
Strategies:
Buy Jeera above Rs 11460
Buy Soybean on dip

See Fed rate hike pushed to Q2 or Q3CY15: FC s ChowdhryLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See Fed rate hike pushed to Q2 or Q3CY15: F&C's Chowdhry
The two-day US Federal Reserve’s Federal Open Market Committee that concludes Thursday will be closely watched by global markets to understand if quantitative easing is on track or will it be wound up as scheduled.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The two-day US Federal Reserve’s Federal Open Market Committee that concludes Thursday will be closely watched by global markets to understand if quantitative easing is on track or will it be wound up as scheduled.
“I think the language [of the Fed] will be the same as it has been for several months: we’re watching the data and if anything changes, we’ll act,” Jeff Chowdhry, Head of Emerging Market Equities at London-based asset manager F&C, told CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal.
“The data recently has remained softer, which indicates that interest rates will remain low for longer,” he said, adding that as growth “continues to remain difficult to come by” for major economies around the world, he believes a Fed rate hike has now been pushed to the second or third quarter of 2015 as against the first quarter, that was expected by many economists till until recently.
Chowdhry added that demand for crude has remained weak due to economic softness as well as for political reasons, which is a positive for India.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Do you expect Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) to stop bond purchases as scheduled? What will you watch out for in the FOMC statement this time?
A: The language will be same as it has been for several months. It basically is we are watching the data, we will keep an eye on the data and if anything changes we act. That is really the message which has been coming out, the data recently has been a bit softer which has indicated the fact that interest rates will remain lower for longer.
There are some people who are sort of saying that the asset program should continue but it is a feature of not just Europe but also other economies around the world. It is that growth is continuing to be difficult to come by and growth is going to be an issue which will continue to sort of overhang markets both emerging markets and developed markets over the next one to two years.
Ekta: When are you expecting the Fed to hike rates?
A: It is fair to say that the first rate hike in terms of the US has definitely been pushed out. Just several months ago they were talking about Q1 of 2015. It is now Q2 or possibly even a Q3 event of next year. The Fed are probably less worried about the dollar and more worried about the growth, given the fact that obviously the economy has come through quite a good patch as far as growth is concerned but there are early signs that growth is not as strong as everyone has been sort of talking about. Inflation is obviously very well behaved, continues to be very well behaved and with that combination one would expect that interest rates remain low for an extended period of time.
Sonia: If and when this market takes out new highs what are the leaders that will take it there?
A: As I said my top picks would be the Bank Nifty because we are still looking at it as a very lucrative space from a risk reward angle. Apart from that I really like the set up of the capital goods index. The index had seen a 3,000 points fall in the last couple of months.
It had developed a sort of pattern on the charts and from that very pattern we have seen a break out in the last three or four days and the strength in stocks like BHEL, Siemens, L&T really explains that. This is just the beginning of the next phase of the big move in the capital goods space. It is an index heavyweight space; these are big names, big market cap names which have the potential to take the index with it.
So I would like to believe that the capital goods index could potentially see a 12-15 percent move over the next 3-6 months and this is one of the better spaces n the market right now.
Apart from these two oil and gas even though has been a sort of a laggard. From a buy and hold perspective the risk reward is very good because after the rally seen early this year oil and gas also has got into a bit of a consolidation. Yes, ONGC  and Reliance  have underperformed but apart from these two other stocks in the sector including the OMCs have done very well.
So these three would probably be my best picks and along with these three I would also go for autos. I have always said this on your channel, good times or bad times you need to have a pretty large weightage in your portfolio in autos because they are stocks that are making new highs on weekly basis and I really don’t see this trend reversing for months to come.
Anuj: We have seen Indian stock market outperforming comparable equity markets by a huge margin. Even this year we have seen 26 percent return from Indian markets. How do you see them perform in the next 12 months and will they continue to get a larger share of global funds?
A: There are three things which are going on. The first thing is that as you said the oil prices obviously being weak, obviously gold price has also been weak as well. Both of that is very good for the current account deficit and imports. What that has allowed is basically thta inflation is starting to come down and what that also means is that interest rate cuts are much closer on the horizon. So all of that is quite good, we have obviously seen some policy measures in the last few weeks which have basically been positive and that is really helpful.
So what we have is a situation that even though the Indian market has done well this year and even though it has been one of the best performing markets in emerging markets if we have a continuation of lower commodity prices, lower interest rates the market continue to tend to go up and can continue to rerate because as we saw on the other side when you have the opposite problem which is you can derate the market very quickly, you can also have a very big rerating and in that scenario the Indian economy can continue to rerate because it is one of the few countries and few economies which are benefiting from all the trends that we have just talked about.
RELATED NEWS

StanChart profit tumbles  plans extra $400 mln in cost cutsStanChart profit tumbles  plans extra $400 mln in cost cuts
Indraprastha Gas falls; may not pass on gas price hikeIndraprastha Gas falls; may not pass on gas price hike
Hong Kong activists mark one month of  Umbrella MovementHong Kong activists mark one month of  Umbrella Movement
Bank Of Hawaii third quarter earnings climbBank Of Hawaii third quarter earnings climb
Maruti Suzuki SX4 S-Cross Spied Testing; Expected Launch  Price  Feature DetailsMaruti Suzuki SX4 S-Cross Spied Testing; Expected Launch  Price  Feature Details
HDFC can give 10-12% returns in 1 year: Kotak InstitutionalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HDFC can give 10-12% returns in 1 year: Kotak Institutional
Onto the auto space, Nischint Chawathe of Kotak Institutional Equities feels commercial vehicle operators may witness some pick up in business backed by plunge in diesel prices.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nischint Chawathe, Senior Analyst at Kotak Institutional Equities shares his outlook on various stocks and industry specifics.
Chawathe is positive on SKS Microfinance , as the stock is a structural growth story while trading at around 3x P/BV. Onto the bigger financial players, he feels M&M Financial  is trading a bit above 2x PBV.
Onto the auto space, he feels commercial vehicle operators may witness some pick up in business backed by plunge in diesel prices.
Meanwhile, housing financing companies are an exciting space; he says adding that HDFC  can give 10-12 percent returns in a year.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Your thoughts in Mahindra & Mahindra Financial (M&M) and what did you make of the stock reactions?
A: M&M Financials results were actually inline with expectations. The good part about the results was that the provisioning number was much lower than expectations. There was some fear that non-performing loan (NPLs) will increase very sharply this quarter given the fact that they had increased in the previous quarters as well and as compared to that the rise in NPLs was very measured.
This was more to do with the fact that the company was a lot more aggressive on recoveries and I guess it is because of the recovery efforts of the off-term at the company level because of which the performance was better. It does not indicate that things are changed for sure at the ground level it does not indicate that things are going to improve from hereon for the company.
All it will possibly mean is that recovery that you will not have very significant slippages from these levels. So in that sense it provides you some comfort but it does not give you any signs or any comfort in terms of saying that things are going to turn around and the business momentum is going to pick up again.
Given the fact that this is a short–term business in all possibilities even if things start improving from the next quarter it would take somewhere close to four to six quarters for the loan group to pick up meaningfully.
Q: You have an add-on Shriram Transport Finance  and another perform or reduce on M&M Finance don’t they services more or less similar sectors?
A: The difference with Shriram is that it is largely focused on the commercial vehicle (CV) segment. The big thing that has happened for the segment over the last two-three weeks is essentially the reduction in diesel prices. Now four and a half percent reduction in diesel prices would essentially means that the economics for a CV operator improves by around two and a half or three percent which is a big thing given the fact that CV operator have been going through difficult times.
The expectation is that as and how the economic cycle improves CV sector is the first one to revise. Having said that for last several months there was just a hope and expectation around it. We could not see any signs or any reasons why that would happen. Now given the fact that diesel prices have come down this is the first sign that economics is getting more comfortable for CV operators and which is where things could pick up from hereon. What this essentially means is that NPL situation will not worsen for this company it will start improving. What is the space of improvement I guess that is something which is challenging to figure out.
Q: How are the valuations stacked up Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (MMFSL) versus Shriram?
A: M&M is kind of trading at north of two times price to book as compared to that Shriram is around 1.7 so I guess there is an arbitrage on that one as well.
Q: What about SKS Microfinance, the stock has seen a huge run-up in 2014 itself, it is up closer to 65 percent but it is accompanied by good earnings. Do you think the stock can rise more? What would your view be?
A: SKS is more a structural growth story. SKS was facing its own challenges, struggling with capital. Now that they have got all the pieces back in place they are in for a fairly high growth momentum over the next two-three years. In this back drop the quarterly results frankly speaking don’t really matter. Having said that the quarterly performance was better than expectation, which is what has been the catalyst for a stock.
Can the stock trade at very significantly higher multiples from the current levels in all possibility? It may not; but can this be a good compounding story over the longer-term. Given the fact that it has a low base, it has a fairly good franchise, it has fairly good systems and now that it has access to capital as well. So we have a moderate up-side from the current market price. However, this is one of our preferred and one of the stories that we like in this space.
Q: How does the price to book look like forward?
A: SKS is approximately three times price to book.
Q: What about HDFC limited that stock came out as always with the steady set of earnings. Few brokerages also increased their target price on HDFC limited. What kind of a return do HDFC limited can give in the next one year?
A: We are looking at approximately 12 to13 percent return from the current levels. If you look at the performance of HDFC, just look at the bottom-line growth for HDFC this was in single digit for the second, third, fourth quarter of last year. Things have picked up for sure from the first quarter of this year itself. The good thing that has happened is that the margins have expanded, margins were slightly better than expectations because the borrowing cost is coming down.
As and how your bulk borrowing rates start coming down or the interest rates in the system starts coming down housing finance companies would be the biggest beneficiaries given the fact that the spreads in the mortgage business are the lowest amongst the Non-bank financial companies (NBFC) space. So very clearly this is going to be one exciting space to watch out for an obviously HDFC is a fairly large stock out here.
Q: Wouldn’t Indiabulls Housing be a dark horse?
A: Could be but frankly, we don’t have a coverage on this stock.
RELATED NEWS

Kerala plans body to converge actions on public health challengesKerala plans body to converge actions on public health challenges
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 28:  
The Congress-led UDF Government in Kerala has proposed a new initiative for addressing social and technical issues related to all major health challenges of the state.
Inaugurating a national symposium on ‘Public Health Intervention — The Need for Convergence’ here, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the Government was in the early stages of formulating the initiative —— ‘Public Health Protection Agency’ — which primarily aims at bringing convergent actions to address the public health challenges of the state.
Though Kerala had made remarkable achievements in health sector, the public health in the State was facing so many challenges, he said.
“In spite of large-scale intervention, epidemics during the monsoon season are a regular feature which have increased in recent years,” Chandy pointed out.
Among the communicable diseases, vector-borne diseases such as dengue fever, chickungunya, malaria along with leptospirosis are becoming a major health concern for the State, he said.
The occasional outbreak of water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea, hepatitis, and enteric fever are also creating problems, he said.
Due to better global connections of the State, many newer emerging diseases and preparedness for managing these are also a challenge for the State, he said.
Re-emergence of vaccine preventable diseases and health issues due to large-scale migration of labourers from other States are the new hurdles, the Chief Minister said.
In addition to the communicable disease burden, high prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, heart disease, cancers, mental health disorders, elderly population and road accidents make the health situation in Kerala more complex, he added.
The issues faced by the sector on a long-term basis and in a sustainable manner, convergence of activities of various departments and inter-sectoral coordination was very important, he said, adding, the new initiative was to address these challenges.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

NASA releases map of India on Diwali nightUpdated: December 6, 2012 18:25 IST
NASA releases map of India on Diwali night
PTI
PTI A satellite imagery of India on Diwali night released by NASA. Photo: PTI
PTI NASA releases map of India on Diwali night. PTI graphic
SLIDESHOW
  Earth at night
NASA, the national space agency of the U.S., on Thursday released a black and white satellite imagery of India Diwali night 2012, cautioning people against the fake image in circulation on the social media.
“On November 12, 2012, the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) on the Suomi NPP satellite captured this night-time view of southern Asia,” NASA said releasing a picture of India on this Diwali night.
“The image is based on data collected by the VIIRS ‘day- night band’, which detects light in a range of wavelengths from green to near-infrared. The image has been brightened to make the city lights easier to distinguish,” it said.
NASA said most of the bright areas in the imagery released by it are cities and towns in India. “India is home to more than 1.2 billion people and has 30 cities with populations over 1 million,” it said.
Cities in Bangladesh, Nepal, and Pakistan are also visible near the edges of the image.
“An image that claims to show the region lit for Diwali has been circulating on social media websites and the Internet in recent years. In fact, it does not show what it claims.
That image, based on data from the Operational Linescan System flown on US Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP) satellites, is a colour—composite created in 2003 by NOAA scientist Chris Elvidge to highlight population growth over time,” NASA said.
“In that image, white areas show city lights that were visible prior to 1992, while blue, green, and red shades indicate city lights that became visible in 1992, 1998, and 2003 respectively,” it said.
“In reality, any extra light produced during Diwali is so subtle that it is likely imperceptible when observed from space,” NASA said.

Amazon s Holiday-Quarter Forecast Disappoints  Shares DiveAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
San Francisco: Amazon.com Inc's sales projections for the crucial holiday quarter disappointed Wall Street and third-quarter results missed forecasts, sending the online retailer's shares 9 per cent lower on Thursday.
After an unusually busy first half of the year that saw the online retailer spend on developing everything from mobile phones and Hollywood-style production to grocery deliveries, investors were ready to see it curtail its ambitions and start delivering sustainable profits.
But not only did it post a much larger loss than expected, Amazon also projected 7 to 18 per cent revenue growth over the busiest shopping period of the year, a far cry from the 20 per cent-plus pace that had convinced investors to overlook its persistent lack of profit in the past.
"That kind of takes the topline growth story off the table. And now they've got to deliver on profit margins," said Rob Plaza, senior analyst at Key Private Bank.
"Because of all that money they need to spend to drive growth, it becomes an expensive proposition."
Thursday's after-hours share losses wipe more than $15 billion off of Amazon's market value. The stock had already been down 13 per cent since Amazon's last quarterly results announcement in July, when it also missed targets and ignited a debate about its free spending ways.
Some analysts fear that the US holiday shopping season, the biggest quarter for most retailers, might turn out weaker than anticipated.
Amazon projected on Thursday net sales of between $27.3 billion and $30.3 billion for the holiday quarter, lagging the $30.89 billion analysts had expected on average.
Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak told reporters a stronger dollar had reduced its fourth-quarter revenue forecast by about 2.5 percentage points. A stronger dollar means overseas revenue translates to less in the home currency.
He added that Amazon sales in Japan in the third-quarter failed to recover from their second-quarter decline.
The earnings report comes about a week after e-commerce rival eBay Inc trimmed its own full-year revenue outlook due in part to the stronger US dollar.
For the just-finished third quarter, Amazon missed on virtually every metric that Wall Street tracks.
Its third-quarter net loss widened to $437 million or 95 cents per share in the third quarter, from $41 million a 9 cents a year ago. That came in larger than forecasts for a loss of 74 cents a share.
Revenue also fell short of expectations. Net sales rose to $20.58 billion, but that lagged forecasts for $20.84 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Shares in the company slid more than 9 per cent to $284 in extended trade.
"It was an ugly quarter," Plaza said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Deutsche Bank Passes ECB Test  Braces for Libor Deal: ReportAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Frankfurt: Deutsche Bank passed the stress test led by the European Central Bank (ECB) by a wide margin, showing balance sheet strength well above the minimum requirements set by Europe's new banking regulator, two sources familiar with the matter said on Friday.
The ECB review is only one of the challenges faced by Juergen Fitschen and co-CEO Anshu Jain, who have already raised 8.5 billion euros ($10.8 billion) in new capital and are seeking to resolve a long list of legal issues as they pursue a sweeping restructuring plan.
The bank, which has already paid 6.1 billion euros in fines and settlements in the past two and a half years, is now preparing to pay almost 1 billion euros for Libor-related charges, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
"People are doing everything to get this issue off of the table by the end of the year," said one source who declined to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
In the stress tests, Deutsche Bank had a core equity ratio of 8.8 per cent against a minimum requirement of 5.5 per cent in the ECB's so-called adverse scenario, the sources said.
The stress test is meant to run banks through rough conditions that model a recession and sharp market declines over three years.
In the preliminary results, Germany's flagship bank also posted a common equity tier one ratio of 12.6 per cent in the so-called baseline scenario, meant to model economic conditions with mild growth, the sources said.
The ECB's assessment, which is designed to allow the central bank to take over with a clean sheet when it becomes the euro zone's banking supervisor on Nov. 4, is based on the banks' financial positions at the end of 2013.
Deutsche Bank declined to comment.
Results due on Sunday
The 130 banks participating in the ECB's comprehensive assessment received partial and preliminary results of the health checks on Thursday. The ECB plans to publish final results on Sunday, October 26, and the exact balance sheet calculations may change before then.
If confirmed, the results would give Germany's flagship lender a clean bill of health. Deutsche has positioned itself as Europe's "last man standing" in investment banking after rivals such as Barclays and Credit Suisse retreated in the wake of the financial crisis.
Co-CEO Fitschen, also head of the BdB association of German private-sector banks, hinted on Thursday that the test results probably gave his country's banks a clean bill of health.
The bank has never publicly revealed how much it has put aside for specific legal risks like the Libor case, referring to alleged manipulation of benchmark interest rates.
Deutsche Bank already settled with European antitrust regulators over Libor and its euro equivalent Euribor last year, agreeing to pay 725 million euros.
The bank, which declined to comment, originally hoped to clear the decks of legal issues in 2014 but has guided recently that 2015 will likely be the year instead when the majority of investigations are concluded.
(1 dollar = 0.7888 euro)

We Are Well-positioned in Indian Enterprise Market: BlackBerryAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New York: Canadian handset maker BlackBerry believes it is "well-positioned" for the multi-billion dollar Indian enterprise market armed with smartphones across multiple price points and end-to-end mobility solutions.
"Today, BlackBerry offers an unparalleled global infrastructure, a combination of assets that deliver security at every level and across multiple platforms and an array of value-added services like BBM.
"We see great opportunities ahead of us, and BlackBerry has an aggressive plan to continue to lead the enterprise mobility market," BlackBerry executive chairman and CEO John Chen told PTI.
The Waterloo (Ontario)-headquartered firm is the clear leader in this market, with the most secure devices, software, servers and network, he added.
On the Indian market, he said: "We are also well-positioned to provide our enterprise customers with the best, most secure end-to-end enterprise mobility solutions.
"We've also seen several new wins in the Indian market this year, including Indiabulls, Nishith Desai Associates, ITC, AZB & Partners, Bharucha & Partners, and are confident this momentum will continue".
Mr Chen said BlackBerry is aggressively targeting enterprise customers in India.
"In India specifically, we are aggressively targeting large, mid-level and small businesses alike. Late last year, we announced the opening of BlackBerry Enterprise Solutions (BES) Centres in Mumbai and Gurgaon as part of our focus on the enterprise mobility market," he added.
These centres will cater to the needs of the enterprise customers and provide them with a walk-in experience of BlackBerry's robust enterprise mobility management solutions, including BES10, Mr Chen said.
"BlackBerry has a strong base in India, and we are continuing to build share in this priority market by listening to our customers and delivering the devices and mobile solutions they want," he added.
For the quarter ended August 30, 2014, BlackBerry posted revenue of $916 million with about 46 per cent coming from the hardware business, 46 per cent from services and 8 per cent from software and other revenue.
The firm said since launch of the EZ Pass migration programme in March 2014, 3.4 million new BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 (BES10) clients' access licenses have been claimed by customers worldwide.
More than 840,000 of these licenses have been traded from competitors' Mobile Device Management platforms.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 16:42 (IST)

Big bikes are in actionUpdated: October 27, 2014 00:59 IST
Big bikes are in action
G. Balachandar
The Hindu The market for these bikes in India has been seeing a steady rise over the last two years with almost every global brand joining the luxury bike bandwagon with the launch of their products.
TOPICS
automobile
They combine signature looks with brute power and speed. Every man fantasises about them and every girl may want her man to own one of them.
Welcome to the world of luxury bikes or super bikes which seem to be finally accelerating into the next gear in India.Brands such as Harley Davidson, Triumph, Kawasaki, Hyosung and Royal Enfield are seeing a rush of young, affluent Indians into their showrooms as appetite to own such snazzy bikes is on the rise in the second largest two wheeler market in the world.
Expensive price tags on these machines (the government slaps heavy duty on these imported bikes) don’t seem to be a deterrent. There is a 75 per cent customs duty on imported bikes (completely built units) with above 800 cc engine capacity. However, global brands are also investing in completely knocked down (CKD) kits assembly facilities to attract lower duties and offer products at cheaper prices. Under CKD mode, companies can import the bikes in parts and assemble the same in local unit.
The market for these bikes in India has been seeing a steady rise over the last two years with almost every global brand joining the luxury bike bandwagon with the launch of their products. These bikes (above 250cc) are sold in the price range from a couple of lakhs to about Rs.30 lakh.
During the first half of the current fiscal, volumes in the above 250 cc segment grew by 80 per cent to 1.59 lakh units (accounting for about three per cent of overall motorcycle volumes in India) when compared with 88,200 units in the year-ago period. Sales of above 500 cc bikes reported a stunning growth with volumes zooming to 5,271 units from 1,359 a year-ago.
“The above 250cc segment has two distinct categories of bikes: sports and cruiser. Both these categories are currently dotted by a large number of models at varied price points. While sports bikes include Kawasaki Ninja, Bajaj KTM Duke, besides several models from the stable of Honda, Yamaha and Suzuki, the cruiser bikes category is populated by models from the stable of Royal Enfield and Harley-Davidson,” says Subrata Ray, Group Vice President – Corporate Ratings, Icra.
Harley and Royal Enfield dominate their respective segments and continue to record significant growth in their bike sales. These two account for bulk of the volumes.
Harley and Triumph
US-headquartered Harley-Davidson, which sells bikes in above-500 cc categories, accounted for 44 per cent of volumes in the 500cc plus segment with sales of 2,307 bikes during April-September 2014 (it sold 902 units a year-ago). Its products are priced in the range of Rs.4.1 lakh to Rs.29 lakh.
British luxury bike brand Triumph, which forayed into the Indian market with the launch of 10 models about a year ago, is also making rapid progress. The company, which is also having an aggressive play in the 500cc plus category, sold 720 units during the first half of this fiscal. The company has secured leadership position in the 800-1000 cc super bike market after pushing Harley-Davidson to second place. Of the 11 Triumph models, eight are assembled locally and sold in the domestic market.
“Triumph bikes are priced in the range of Rs.6.8 lakh to Rs.24 lakh. As we offer quite a vast range of bikes, we are seeing customers in the age group from 25 years and going up to 50 or 60 years. Since Triumph is an iconic British brand, many old people have nostalgic memories with it,” says Sterling James Bhaskar of Harbour City Motors, which sells Triumph bikes in Chennai.
While the western brands continue to dominate the above 500cc segment, Kawasaki is the only Asian brand that has been able to make its presence felt in the category.
Royal Enfield
Royal Enfield, among the world’s oldest motorcycle brands, is the leader in the mid-size (above 250cc to 650 cc) of super bike market. With a record growth of 78 per cent, the company’s sales stood at 1.53 lakh units during first half of this fiscal. Royal Enfield’s product line-up includes the Bullet, Classic and Thunderbird models in both 350 and 500cc displacements and the recently introduced Continental GT 535cc café racer, a big hit in its segment.
DSK Motowheels, which has just tied-up with Italian super bike brand Beneli, has also been making strong inroads in the mid-size super bike segment through Hyosung brand of premium bikes.
Premium bike retailing requires some special training and skills as customers would know more about the bikes. Unlike mass segment bikes, these premium products are positioned on performance attributes, says Jai Auto’s D. Ranganathan, who is retailing Bajaj, KTM and Kawasaki bikes in Tamil Nadu.
People in the age group of 30-35 are flocking his dealerships for buying premium bikes. “In the next 5-6 years, we see the sport bike category having strong appeal in the overall bike market,” he adds. While the buyers in the segment are not necessarily affected much by inflation, good economic growth and spate of new launches are likely boost the sales further in the coming months.
balachandar.g@thehindu.co.in

Oil s Slide a Blow  Not a Boon to Asian RefinersGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Seoul/Singapore: A 25 per cent slide in crude prices since June should mean a windfall for Asian refiners, but instead they are facing a major drag on profits.
Although benchmark Brent and West Texas Intermediate crudes are just off multi-year lows, many refiners have previously agreed to pay higher prices for deliveries through to the end of this year and cannot pass those costs on to fuel buyers.
Forecasts that crude prices will remain weaker-than-expected into next year have also raised the spectre of big write downs on crude and product inventories on year-end earnings reports.
"As (the falls were) unexpected, they are causing earnings shocks," said Andrew Yoon, a senior analyst at Daishin Securities, noting the knock-on impact that cuts in oil inventory values would have on end-of-year results.
Brent dropped to less than $83 a barrel on October 16, its lowest in almost four years after falling from this year's high of $115.71 in mid-June. The front-month contract has recovered some lost ground and has held mostly above $85 since then, but it is not clear its four-month downtrend is finished.
"In terms of an impact on our inventories, cheaper oil price is a minus as it will lead to appraisal losses," said Yasushi Kimura, head of the Petroleum Association of Japan and chairman of Japan's biggest refiner JX Holdings.
A source at a Southeast Asian refiner said his company started the year with an oil complex based on a $106 price for Brent, and even if the benchmark recovers to $90, it is looking at a $16-a-barrel loss on oil in tanks.
The refiner holds about 3 million barrels of crude at any time, yielding a paper loss of around $48 million under this price scenario.
South Korea - with the fourth-largest refining capacity in Asia Pacific at 2.9 million barrels per day - held 29.5 million barrels of crude inventory by end-September, customs data shows.
That means every $10 drop in crude represents a $295 million loss in South Korea's inventory values.
South Korean refiners could also take a hit on lower values for more than 52 million barrels of oil products that state-run Korea National Oil Corp says they held at the end of last month.
Margins and runs
SK Innovation Co Ltd, which owns SK Energy Co Ltd, South Korea's largest refiner, said it is looking into ways to minimise position risks against falling crude prices.
Asian refiners usually do not hedge crude imports.
"We have already bought all the crude to be delivered through the year-end, considering it takes two months for most shipments," said a Seoul-based refining source who declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter.
Although margins at a complex refinery in Singapore - the benchmark value for Asia - have rebounded to above $5 a barrel from an average of $3.66 a barrel in August, with refiners still waiting for high-cost crude shipments to arrive, those improvements may not hold.
"Despite the substantially lower feedstock prices, the product prices have also fallen. So margins have not really improved," said an analyst with an oil producer who declined to be named because of company policy.
"If the demand was 'solid' we should have seen some relative strength in product prices versus crude," he said.
Some Asian refiners have been striving to offset processing losses by cutting operating rates compared with a year ago, according to some sources and analysts.
Others have been holding rates flat to just slightly lower, looking to fill tanks with products refined from cheap crude that can be sold when the markets recover.
"Refiners will probably keep their runs cautious and just spoon feed, just buy enough and see how it goes," waiting until it is clear that prices have hit bottom or processing margins have turned less volatile, said the oil producer's analyst.
South Korea's September refinery utilisation rate fell 6 percentage points from August, although run rates in the first nine months of the year were up 0.3 percentage point from the same period last year. Over January-August, Taiwan's throughput was down 1.3 per cent from a year ago.
Chinese refiners, in contrast, bumped up their crude runs by 9.1 per cent from a year ago in September, taking advantage of the sell-off in crude values to fill product tanks processed from cheap oil.
Still, demand for oil in 2015 is expected to grow far slower than previously forecast, the International Energy Agency said.
"In theory, lower oil prices would eventually stimulate demand but we still have some way to go for that to happen," said the producer's analyst.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

A Herculean challengeUpdated: October 27, 2014 00:59 IST
A Herculean challenge
weather news
The process of relief and rehabilitation in the devastated north coastal districts of Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram in Andhra Pradesh has just begun. The challenges seem huge. Even the extent of damage from cyclone ‘Hudhud,’ which knocked out the region two weeks ago has not been fully assessed. Prime Minister Narendra Modi made an aerial survey, visited the ravaged port city of Visakhapatnam and announced an interim relief of Rs.1,000 crore. Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu camped in Vizag for the first few days to ensure that rescue and relief operations were launched swiftly. He has ensured that within three days, power supply was restored in Vizag city. The neighbouring towns too got back their supply within a week. By October 31, power supply should be fully functional in the affected areas. Temporary shelters have been provided to lakhs of people rendered homeless. Essential commodities were rushed, and free rations distributed. Considering the extent of devastation, caused entirely by nature’s fury, the people have also been very understanding. But their patience cannot be taken for granted. The rehabilitation process has to move forward to tackle the major problems of housing and livelihood, and both these challenges cannot be easily overcome.
Mr. Naidu has appealed to the people, philanthropists and corporate India to contribute generously to this massive exercise to rebuild not just Vizag, but also the entire region that still remains vulnerable to cyclones. Given the fact that Andhra Pradesh faces a huge revenue deficit of about Rs.16,000 crore, and still suffers from the pangs of what he calls “unscientific bifurcation,” rehabilitation has to be a multi-pronged effort. The Centre, State, trade and industry, and philanthropy — including from the expatriate community — should join hands to make this happen. Rehabilitation should look at housing, infrastructure, restoration of livelihood, attending to the damage to industrial infrastructure — especially the major public sector undertakings in and around Vizag — and create durable assets. The funds will have to be used to create infrastructure that can stand up to such severe cyclones so that these exercises do not become a recurring feature. The assessment of damage to the PSUs such as the steel plant, and to the naval facilities has been completed, and the Central and State authorities are taking up the unenviable task of evaluating the devastation caused to the agriculture sector. Compensation to farmers and a time-bound plan to restore the livelihood of both farmers and fisher folk demand priority. The Northeast monsoon has just begun and the government has to be watchful to prevent any further calamity in this region.

ECB Fails 25 Banks in Health Check But Problems Largely SolvedYou are here: Home Global Economy
ECB Fails 25 Banks in Health Check But Problems Largely Solved
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 07:39 (IST)
ECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Frankfurt: Roughly one in five of the euro zone's top lenders failed landmark health checks at the end of last year but most have since repaired their finances, the European Central Bank said on Sunday.
Painting a brighter picture than had been expected, the ECB found the biggest problems in Italy, Cyprus and Greece but concluded that banks' capital holes had since chiefly been plugged, leaving only a modest 10 billion euros to be raised.
Italy faces the biggest challenge with nine of its banks falling short and two still needing to raise funds.
The test, designed to mark a clean start before the ECB takes on supervision of the banks next month, said Monte dei Paschi had the largest capital hole to fill at 2.1 billion euros.
The exercise provides the clearest picture yet of the health of the euro zone's banks more than seven years after the eruption of a financial crisis that almost bankrupted a handful of countries and threatened to fracture the currency bloc.
While 25 of the euro zone's 130 biggest banks failed the health check at the end of last year with a total capital shortfall of 25 billion euros, a dozen have already raised 15 billion euros this year to make repairs.
A recent investor survey by Goldman Sachs found they believed the ECB ought to ask lenders to raise an additional 51 billion euros of capital for the tests to be credible.
Although investors may take heart, it remains to be seen whether the exercise can spur banks to lend more as the region's economic growth stutters to a virtual halt.
European Central Bank Vice President Vitor Constancio said the results could encourage banks to lend.
"There is some pick up (in demand), but it is still slight," Constancio told Reuters. "All this now can really start to change the environment and we hope it will also change the reality."
Alongside Italy, regulators said three Greek banks, three Cypriots, two from both Belgium and Slovenia, and one each from France, Germany, Austria, Ireland and Portugal had also missed the grade as of end-2013.
Analysts generally gave the results a cautious welcome, saying they marked the beginning rather than the end of a banking clean-up in Europe.
"I consider the stress test as an important partial success, which will help reduce uncertainty," said Marcel Fratzscher, president of Germany's DIW economic institute.
"However, important challenges remain unsolved. The stress test alone will not end the credit crunch for small and mid-sized companies in Southern Europe."
Some were more critical. "This seems as if it has been pretty unstressful," said Karl Whelan, an economist with University College Dublin.
"The real issue is the size of the capital shortfall and that is very, very small. I don't feel a whole lot more reassured about the health of the banking system today than last week."
The exercise nonetheless provided a snapshot of banks' vital statistics and forced them, for example, to revise the amount of risky loans - which have not been serviced in 90 days - upwards by 136 billion euros to 879 billion.
Clean-up ahead
The exercise, which saw officials trawl through more than 40 million individual bank figures, had two parts - a strict review by the ECB of assets such as loans, followed by a wider test of how banks would cope with a new economic crash.
It is the fourth attempt by Europe to clean the stables of its financial sector and has been billed as much the most rigorous.
Previous efforts failed to spot problems, giving lenders in Ireland a clean bill of health shortly before a banking crash drove the country to the brink of financial collapse.
"It is credible," said Nicolas Veron of Brussels think tank Bruegel. "But it is only the start of a longer sequence of cleanup that will extend well into 2015."
The ECB's pass mark was for banks to have high-quality capital of at least 8 per cent of their risk-weighted assets, a measure of the riskiness of a banks' loans and other assets, if the economy grows as expected over the next three years, and capital of at least 5.5 per cent if it slides into recession.
Banks with a capital shortfall will have to say within two weeks how they intend to close the gap. They will then be given up to nine months to do so.
Unblocking lending
The ECB staked its reputation on delivering a thorough assessment in an attempt to draw a line under years of financial and economic strife in the bloc.
For many banks, the biggest impact of the tests was not in identifying capital holes but in finding that their assets, such as loans, had been overvalued.
In total, the ECB said banks had been valuing their loans and assets at 48 billion euros more than they are really worth. This was because they had not recognised 136 billion euros of bad loans.
That accounted for 11 billion of the 25 billion euros banks were collectively short of at the end of last year. It also eroded 37 billion euros of capital amongst the banks that passed.
Among the major listed banks, the biggest hits were to Greece's Piraeus bank, whose core capital fell by 3.7 percentage points after the ECB adjusted the bank's capital to reflect the new asset valuations.
Monte dei Paschi's capital was reduced by almost a third. There was also a big impact on Austria's Erste Bank.
The adjustments put many banks in an uncomfortable position. Thirty-one had core capital below the 10 per cent mark viewed by investors as a safety threshold, while a further 28 were had ratios just 1 percentage point above.
The ECB will not immediately force lenders with overvalued assets to take remedial action but they will have to hold more capital eventually, leaving less room to expand, lend or pay dividends.
For overall lending, the more fundamental question is whether the demand for credit is there in a moribund euro zone economy.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

AirAsia s Year-End Holiday Sale: See FaresIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Budget carrier AirAsia has come up with a year-end holiday sale which offers its customers a chance to travel abroad starting Rs 2,599.
The booking period for the special offer starts Monday October 27 and is valid till November 2. The special fares can be availed for travel between November 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015.
The fares are all-inclusive and a Kochi to Kuala Lumpur ticket under the special offer would cost Rs 2,599, while fares from Chennai and Hyderabad to Kuala Lumpur would be Rs 5,299. Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur tickets are priced at Rs 6,299 under the offer.
Flights are available from Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Kochi, Tiruchirappalli to international destinations like Kuala Lumpur, Langkawi, Penang and Brunei. ( See All Routes )
AirAsia had a 'Festive Holiday Sale' in September as well, offering special fares to fly customers  abroad.
AirAsia operates flights in the Indian domestic sector through a three-way venture between its Malaysia-based parent company AirAsia Berhad, Tata Group and Delhi-based investment firm Telestra Tradeplace. The Indian entity is called AirAsia India.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 14:05 (IST)

Samsung Electronics Scales Back LED Lighting BusinessYou are here: Home Corporates
Samsung Electronics Scales Back LED Lighting Business
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 14:38 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Seoul: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Monday that it will cease its light emitting diode (LED) lighting business outside of South Korea, scaling back what was identified as a key growth business four years ago.
LED, rechargeable cells for hybrid electric cars, solar cells, medical devices and biopharmaceuticals were five areas singled out by the Samsung Group in 2010 as new growth drivers for the conglomerate.
At the time, the group forecast the businesses would generate 50 trillion won ($47.5 billion) in annual revenues by 2020 for its affiliates including Samsung Electronics.
But Samsung Electronics has struggled to gain traction in the LED lighting market, failing to loosen the grip of established rivals such as Philips and Osram in advanced markets while facing mounting margin pressures from Chinese competitors in emerging markets.
"We will remain active in the LED industry through our LED component business," Samsung Electronics said in an emailed statement, adding that it will focus on areas such as backlighting for displays of consumer products like televisions.
Samsung Group affiliates have seen limited returns so far from the five new growth areas.
While Samsung SDI Co Ltd is supplying German premium automaker BMW with electric vehicle battery cells, Samsung companies have struggled to generate significant revenues from other businesses such as solar cells.
Analysts and investors have said developing or identifying new growth drivers will be a key test for Jay Y. Lee, heir-apparent of Samsung Group, as his father, group patriarch Lee Kun-hee, remains hospitalised following a May heart attack.
A Samsung Electronics spokeswoman said the revenue contribution of LED lighting to the company had been small. She declined to give specific figures.
($1 = 1,052.6100 Korean won)

Mobile tariffs may rise after next spectrum auctionMobile tariffs may rise after next spectrum auction
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 18:20 IST
Mobile tariffs are likely to go up after the airwave auction due in February 2015 as the industry is reeling under debt, telecom industry body Cellular Operators' Association of India (COAI) said in New Delhi.
"The debt burden in the sector is huge. It is already around Rs 250,000 crore and a part of it accrued after the last spectrum auction in Feb 2014. If the airwaves are sold in the upcoming auction in February 2015 at the reserve price mentioned by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), then there will be additional debt burden of Rs 40,000-50,000 crore on the telecom sector," Rajan S. Mathews, director general, COAI told IANS.
"This cost will have to be borne by the consumers finally," he added.
He said the tariff "will surely go up" but it is difficult to give an estimate by what percentage the tariff may go up.
The TRAI on October 15 recommended around 10 per cent hike in the reserve price for 1800 MHz band spectrum auction over the last winning price in the February 2014 sale.
"In the 900 MHz band, only the spectrum held by them is available for the auction. These licensees will have to win back this spectrum to ensure business continuity in a licence service area (LSA); if they don't, it places the large investment made in the LSAs in jeopardy," the TRAI said earlier.
It has set a reserve price of Rs.3,004 crore per mega hertz for bandwidth to be auctioned in 18 service areas for the more efficient 900 Mhz band and Rs 2,138 crore per mega hertz for the 1800 Mhz band.
In the 1800 MHz band, 20 circles are going for auction, while in the 900 Mhz band, 18 circles will be up for sale.
TRAI said: "1.2 MHz spectrum in 900 MHz band should be taken back from BSNL from all the LSAs where licences expire in 2015-16 except in Punjab."
The revenue target set by the government in 2014-15 Budget from spectrum auction is Rs 45,471 crore. In 2013-14, the auction generated Rs 40,847 crore.
In Feb 2014, in a 10-day auction of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, the government mopped up Rs 61,162 crore.

Expect RBI to Cut Rates in February: BofA-MLIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
As concerns on inflation front ebb, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will adopt a dovish stance in the December policy review meet and cut rates in February, Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) said on Monday.
"We expect Governor Rajan to sound more dovish in December and cut rate in February. After all, we see CPI inflation well set to meet the RBI's targets of 8 per cent in January 2015 and 6 per cent in January 2016 (with normal monsoon rains)," the foreign brokerage said in a note.
Dr Rajan had overturned the majority opinion of the members in RBI's Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) and chose to hold the rates at the last monetary policy review in October, according to minutes of the meeting.
BofA-ML said Rajan may not go in for a rate cut at the December 2 review as it wants to make sure the inflation is "truly coming off", especially given the fact high rates result in some sacrifice on the growth front.
In the note, the US brokerage said India's GDP growth will slip below 5 per cent in the September quarter as against the 5.7 per cent print in the April-June period of the current fiscal. Rajan will opt for the cut at the February monetary policy review, once the 8 per cent inflation target is met and also after indications on the rabi (winter crop) output are received, BofA-ML said.
The rabi crop is expected to be good as the late rains have helped and the same is visible in the higher sown area, the brokerage said, adding this will help cool food prices. Inflation measured by consumer prices has been trending down for over four months, and came in at 6.7 per cent in September, much below the RBI's targets.
The recent cuts in the petrol and diesel prices will also help cool inflation, the brokerage said.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 17:32 (IST)

Amgen Beats 3Q Estimates While Shrinking WorkforceThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Modi trapped unaware Shashi Tharoor in Swach Bharat Abhiyan  stunt : CongE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indiabulls Housing Finance s profit up 21% to Rs 448 cr in Q2E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold Recovers From Two-week Low; All Eyes on Fed MeetGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Singapore: Gold recovered after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks on Tuesday as investors nervously awaited a US Federal Reserve meeting that begins later in the day for clues about the timing of any interest rate hike.
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Spot gold dropped to $1,222.20 an ounce, its lowest since October 15, before recovering to trade up 0.3 per cent at $1,228.35 an ounce by 0346 GMT.
Gold could test resistance at $1,233 an ounce, according to Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao.
"There were some stops triggered once we breached yesterday's low but China walked in and pushed up gold," said a trader in Hong Kong.
"People are nervous ahead of the FOMC and big position changes are unlikely. For the moment, I think we will hold between $1,220 and $1,240," he said, referring to the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee.
The Fed will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets that saw some measures of inflation expectations drop worryingly low.
A delay in any hike in interest rates could boost gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
With US inflation weak, the European economy stumbling and the dollar on the rise, the big question is to what extent Fed officials acknowledge risks to their expectations that the US recovery will continue to strengthen and allow them to raise rates around the middle of next year.
Asian shares were modestly higher on Tuesday, while the dollar held steady.
Gold has gained nearly 4 per cent since dropping to a 15-month low earlier this month on global slowdown fears. The precious metal is often seen as a hedge when riskier assets such as equities are out of favour.
In the physical markets, data on Monday showed China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong jumped to a six-month high in September as the world's biggest consumer stocked up ahead of its National Day holiday.
But imports have slowed since the holiday, traders said, possibly putting more pressure on gold.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SoftBank buys $627 mn stake in Snapdeal | Amazon to buy first Indian start-upYou are here: Home > Collections
SoftBank buys $627 million stake in online retailer Snapdeal
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(Japan's SoftBank Corp said…)
NEW DELHI: Jasper Infotech, which owns and operates online marketplace Snapdeal.com, has raised $627 million (Rs 3,845 crore) from Japanese internet, media and telecom conglomerate SoftBank, the largest single tranche investment in an Indian e-commerce company.
The investment, which closed earlier this month, will make SoftBank the largest stakeholder in Delhi-based Snapdeal, which has now raised close to a $1 billion (Rs 6,132.5 crore) in the current calendar year.
India's e-commerce sector is on fire, especially after Amazon entered the country last June. With some of the biggest retailers in the world jostling to get a piece of action in India, e-commerce companies in the country are riding a wave. For instance, while e-Bay is banking on Snapdeal, both Amazon and Walmart are pushing aggressively to conquer what is fast becoming the last frontier for them.
The investment has been made through SoftBank's recently created unit, SoftBank Internet and Media Inc (SIMI), which is headed by Nikesh Arora, who joined the company earlier this year, from technology behemoth Google, and who has been given the responsibility to aggressively scout for opportunities in emerging markets.
Arora will be joining the Snapdeal board.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper internet access, a big growth potential," Arora said in a press statement.
The company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management. To strengthen its technology efforts, it will open innovation centres across the country.
It will also look to make three to four strategic acquisitions over the next few months.
The SoftBank transaction follows Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata's investment in Snapdeal, in his personal capacity, and which was announced in August earlier this year. Prior to that, the company had raised $105 million in May and $134 million in February.
SoftBank's investment is part of a larger round, in which Snapdeal's existing investors, a list that includes, eBay, BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, PremjiInvent, the personal investment arm of Wipro Technologies chairman Azim Premji and hedge funds Myriad Asset Management and Tybourne Capital, have also participated.
Snapdeal co-founder and chief executive Kunal Bahl, however, refused to disclose the exact size of the round.
The deal marks the biggest bet taken by Masayoshi Son-led SoftBank on an Indian company., dwarfing the $200 million the investor had pumped into mobile advertising firm InMobi in 2011. Separately, SoftBank has also invested $210 million in Mumbai-based ANI Technologies, which owns and operates Olacabs, an online marketplace for cabs and car rental services.
The strategic investor, which was also an early backer of Yahoo, has a trophy investment in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba. Its stake in Alibaba was worth more than $70 billion when the company listed in New York last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Adani taps Morgan Stanley to help sell Aus p...Adani taps Morgan Stanley to help sell Australia port stake
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 10.34AM IST
India's Adani has appointed Morgan Stanley to advise on the possible sale of a stake in its Abbot Point coal port in Australia.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MELBOURNE: India's Adani has appointed Morgan Stanley to advise on the possible sale of a stake in its Abbot Point coal port in Australia, as it looks to raise funds to help finance a A$7 billion ($6.2 billion) mine, rail and port project.
Adani spokesman Andrew Porter confirmed the company has hired Morgan Stanley to help it on a potential partial sale of Abbot Point, a 50 million tonnes-a-year coal terminal on the east coast of Australia that it bought for $2 billion in 2011.
Funds raised from the stake sale would be used to help finance Adani's planned expansion of the port, Porter said.
Earlier this year, Morgan Stanley advised the Australian state of New South Wales on the sale of the Port of Newcastle, the world's largest coal export terminal, which fetched A$1.75 billion, double the amount that had been widely expected.
Adani's comments came after the Wall Street Journal reported that while Morgan Stanley was advising on the port sale, the bank was among four major US investment banks that had told a US-based green group, Rainforest Action Network, that they would not help fund the port's expansion.
The east coast port expansion to handle two rival coal projects planned by Adani and India's GVK with Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart has sparked an outcry from green groups and tourist operators opposed to coal projects and port dredging near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
The $17 billion worth of projects in the undeveloped Galilee Basin have been at the centre of a campaign by anti-coal activists pressing institutional investors and big banks to shun coal investments to help combat climate change.
"Stopping Abbot Point is a top priority for us, because this single project is the key to whether one of the largest stores of carbon on the planet, the Galilee Basin, stays in the ground where it belongs, or is sold on the global market and released into our atmosphere," said Amanda Starbuck, a director at San Francisco-based Rainforest Action Network.
Morgan Stanley said on Tuesday it was not necessarily opposed to the Abbot Point expansion, but it typically does not provide financing for any projects in Australia.
"In the case of the various Galilee Basin coal, rail and port developments, we have not looked at these projects in any detail nor have we assessed or opined on the environmental considerations surrounding them," Morgan Stanley's Australian spokesman Hugh Fraser said.
"We are simply not in the business of providing greenfield project financing in Australia and therefore, as we have stated, we will not lend to, or invest in, these projects."
Adani is expected to tap Australia's big four banks and others to help fund its Carmichael project in Queensland state, which most analysts say would be hard to justify at current coal prices, hovering at five-year lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

 Japan s SoftBank to Invest $10 Billion in IndiaAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Japanese telecom giant SoftBank on Monday said it plans to invest $10 billion or Rs 61,000 crore in India in a bid to aggressively expand beyond its home base. The cash-rich company will invest in India's IT, communications and e-commerce sectors, where it sees immense potential. India has the world's third-biggest Internet user base.
Monday's mega announcement was followed by a deal to buy a stake worth $627 million (Rs 3,825 crore) in online retailer Snapdeal. Tuesday's deal will make SoftBank the biggest investor in India's third largest e-tailer. (Read: Snapdeal to Get Record $627 Million Investment From SoftBank )
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) in July. (Also read: Flipkart Raises $1 Billion to Take on Amazon )
SoftBank will also invest in an Indian logistics business in a separate deal, the company said today.
Both deals were negotiated under newly appointed SoftBank vice chairman and SoftBank Internet and Media Inc's chief executive Nikesh Arora, who had quit Google in July.
SoftBank's investment decision, probably the biggest by a Japanese firm, comes a month after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan in September and will give a big boost to his campaign to attract foreign direct investments (FDI) in the country.
"The visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan has created a climate of hope and optimism about greater economic cooperation between the two countries," said SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son.
SoftBank made waves with its plans to grow outside its home base last year when it bought No. 3 US mobile carrier Sprint Corp for $21.6 billion (Rs 1.3 lakh crore). The company said earlier this month that it was taking a minority stake in Hollywood movie studio Legendary Entertainment for $250 million (Rs 1,525 crore).
($1 = Rs 61)

Nifty Struggles Around 8 000; Banks Lead GainsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Edge Higher; Banks Lead Gains
NDTV | Updated On: October 28, 2014 10:36 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty were higher today but the gains were capped amid weak global markets. Investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting starting today.
The Sensex was up 60 points to 26,813 while Nifty edged higher by 14 points to regain the 8000 level.
Banks continued to gain on rising hopes of an earlier-than-expected cut in interest rates by the RBI. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in a newspaper interview favoured interest rate cut. Most external members suggested a rate cut in RBI's September policy review. ICICI Bank gained 1.7 per cent, while State Bank of India rose 1.2 per cent.
Asian shares wobbled on Tuesday, with investors cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and as oil prices extended declines.
The Fed is expected to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme after a two-day meeting starting later in the session and will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets. "With the end of the asset purchase programme a foregone conclusion, speculation is once again mounting about the movement of interest rates," said Evan Lucas, market strategist at IG.
Data on Monday showed US services sector activity slowed in October to a six-month low, while manufacturing output in Texas decreased, providing more evidence that the Fed has reason to wait before raising U.S. interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan inched down about 0.1 per cent in early trade, after a lacklustre session on Wall Street. (With Agency Inputs)
 

Apple  Shanghaied© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/292ec168-5a48-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mkt in consolidation phase; like midcaps: Birla Sun Life AMCOct 28, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Mkt in consolidation phase; like midcaps: Birla Sun Life
Sashi Krishnan, chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life, expects cyclical midcap stocks to perform well and adds that about 20 percent of his portfolio is allocated to midcaps.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkt in consolidation phase; like midcaps: Birla Sun Life
Sashi Krishnan, chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life, expects cyclical midcap stocks to perform well and adds that about 20 percent of his portfolio is allocated to midcaps.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The market may have seen a marginal sell-off on Monday, but it continues to be in a consolidation phase currently, believes Sashi Krishnan, chief investment officer, Birla Sun Life.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Krishnan says a lot of stocks have already corrected significantly, so one must remain invested in this market.
Also read: Nifty may hit 8700-8800 by year-end: JM Financial
Krishnan expects the interest rates to soften in the upcoming months and hence expects banking sector to be benefited significantly. Moreover, he likes both private as well as public sector banks.
On investment strategies, Krishnan expects cyclical midcap stocks to perform well and says about 20 percent of his portfolio is allocated to midcaps.
“Stay with good quality mid cap names as they are likely to benefit the most once the investment cycle turns around,” he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sashi Krishnan’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal
Anuj: Does it look like the shallow correction is over, market is back to winning waves and what is the best way to play this market?
A: The market is moving into a consolidation phase and if you go away from the Nifty a lot of stocks actually corrected quite significantly and therefore there is opportunity in this market. But a couple of things have actually been in favour of us. One is the fact that the view on interest rates clearly is that rates will soften over the next couple of months. Whether the policy rates will get cut immediately in December or they will get cut in February is a matter of debate and we will have to take a call on how the RBI looks at it.
But I think a lot of things are going right on interest rate front and we do believe that interest rates will soften quite significantly which is good news on a large number of fronts. One the fact that lower interest rates is very good for the investment cycle and you will see the investment cycle returning much quickly.
Secondly it is going to have a very positive impact on both the current account deficit and the fiscal deficit. So if you look at the fiscal deficit for example lower interest rates broadly coupled with the fact that you have got lower oil prices, would mean that you will land up with something like 4.5 percent fiscal deficit for the current year. You could actually even land up with a current account deficit of something around 2 percent. So the virtuous cycle seems to be coming back which is good news and therefore the markets did see to take a pause but my own feel is that there will be interest that will return into interest rate sensitives and cyclicals over the next couple of months which will bring the market back into momentum.
Ekta: How would you position yourself in the banking space now?
A: We are taking a view that interest rates will come down and interest rates coming down is in our opinion very positive for the banking sector. Therefore we are incrementally buying into the banking sector both into the private banks and into the government owned banks.
Infact the state owned banks got significantly beaten down given the fact that people had concerns on asset quality. Infact if you look at this quarter, asset quality still seems to be a concern. If you look at some of the results that have come out, it is not that asset quality worries have gone out completely, but if interest rates come down significantly what will typically happen is that it becomes an up cycle for all these banks and you will see improving asset qualities over the next couple of quarters. So we are taking exposure into the banking sector both the state owned banks and the private banks.
Anuj: Frontline IT has corrected 12-15 percent, in certain cases even higher than that. Good time to get some of those stocks back in portfolio or would you wait for more correction?
A: If you look at the immediate correction it has been because of this quarter results. Except for Infosys which was more or less in line with consensus estimates rest of the IT results seem to have disappointed marginally and that is one of the reasons why it has corrected. But one of the reasons why this disappointment was there was I suspect because there was over expectation in terms of what they could deliver.
The other problem is that we are seeing a slowdown in the global economy, we are seeing in recent times both Europe and to some extent Japan slowing down quite significantly and obviously this is going to impact some bit of outsourcinag. But value will start coming back into IT after these kind of corrections, with a 15 percent correction some of the stock prices you will see value coming back because the long-term story still remains intact and as an outsourcing destination India still has got tremendous potential. Whereas we haven’t reduced our exposure significantly we have not been increasing exposure, we will wait for opportunity to get in.
Q

Lakshmi Machine Works falls 5% post weak Q2 bottomlineOct 28, 2014, 11.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lakshmi Machine Works falls 5% post weak Q2 bottomline
Profit after tax of the company declined to Rs 46.8 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 52.2 crore in the year-ago period due to exceptional cost (Rs 6.6 crore versus Rs 29 lakh Y-o-Y) incurred on account of compensation for voluntary retirement scheme opted by employees.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lakshmi Machine Works falls 5% post weak Q2 bottomline
Profit after tax of the company declined to Rs 46.8 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 52.2 crore in the year-ago period due to exceptional cost (Rs 6.6 crore versus Rs 29 lakh Y-o-Y) incurred on account of compensation for voluntary retirement scheme opted by employees.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Lakshmi Machine Works fell as much as 5 percent intraday Tuesday as the textile machinery manufacturer reported a slightly disappointing quarter with a 5 percent revenue growth and a profit drop of 10 percent.
Profit after tax of the company declined to Rs 46.8 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 52.2 crore in the year-ago period due to exceptional cost (Rs 6.6 crore versus Rs 29 lakh Y-o-Y) incurred on account of compensation for voluntary retirement scheme opted by employees.
Revenue increased to Rs 589.3 crore from Rs 561 crore while operating profit margin slipped to 13.08 percent from 13.5 percent during the same period.
The textile machinery division reported an earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) drop of 15.6 percent year-on-year at Rs 50.8 crore in the quarter gone by. This division's revenue rose 1 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 518.2 crore from Rs 513 crore during the same period.
 
Machine tool and foundry business during the quarter reported revenue at Rs 75.8 crore (increased from Rs 57.1 crore) with EBIT at Rs 8.2 crore (versus Rs 1.7 crore) while advanced technology reported a EBIT loss of Rs 3.7 crore (increased from Rs 2.01 crore Y-o-Y).
At 11:33 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,897.90, down Rs 196.05, or 4.79 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Court asks Kerala police to explain crime of Swiss national who attended MaoistmeetPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:57 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:55 pm
The return of Swiss national Jonathan Baud, who is facing a case in Kerala on charges of attending a meeting to commemorate a suspected Maoist leader, would be further delayed. Baud is already overstaying in the country after his tourist visa had expired on September 16.
On Tuesday, the high court, which is hearing his petition to quash the FIR registered for violation of visa conditions, posted the case to November 6 for further argument.
After watching the video of his address in the meeting and going through the Malayalam translation of it, the court had observed that there was nothing objectionable in the speech that demands framing of the offence under section 14 (b) of the foreigners act. Judge P Ubaid had asked the prosecution to explain which condition of the visa regulations has the foreign national had violated.
On Tuesday, prosecution reiterated the argument that Baud had been on a tourist visa, and attending a political meeting was an offence under the law. It said Baud could not be considered as an innocent participant considering the fact that he had gone to the meeting held in a relatively unknown place in Kerala. That he tried to keep away from camera in the function shows that he was aware of the implications of attending the meeting, argued the prosecution.
Baud was arrested on July 28 after he attended the meeting held to commemorate Maoist leader Sinoj in his village Triprayar in Thrissur. After staying in judicial custody for 12 days, he was released on bail. Since then, he has been waiting to get the FIR quashed.
Baud’s counsel P Raveendranath said the police could not still pinpoint the offence against him. The police had earlier told the court that Baud had made a 15-minute speech at the meeting. After watching the video, it was clear that his address confined to mere self-introduction. There was nothing incriminating in the case diary also which was presented in the court on Tuesday. This is going to be a case of miscarriage of justice, said Raveendranath.
Director-General of Prosecutions T Asif Ali told The Indian Express that the government would have been very lenient towards Baud if Swiss Embassy would have approached the state for quashing the prosecution proceedings.
“Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had given an assurance to that effect to the Embassy officials. Instead, the Swiss youth is fighting his case alone. In fact, the Embassy has backed out from one of the conditions of the bail that it would give an undertaking in the court to the effect that Baud would be produced before the investigating officer whenever required. The Embassy has not so far furnished the undertaking. Baud, who is already overstaying, has failed to meet that bail condition, ’’ said Asif Ali.

No sewage will be allowed to drain into GangaNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 01:47 IST
No sewage will be allowed to drain into Ganga
Gargi Parsai
The Hindu Sewage water flowing into the Ganga in Patna. File photo: Ranjeet Kumar
TOPICS
environmental issues
Immersion of ashes not to be allowed along the banks of the river
The government on Monday decided to clean in situ 144 open drains carrying sewage along with industrial effluents into the river Ganga as part of its plan to clean up the river system and allow eco-flows.
At the same time it has been decided not to allow immersion of ashes (from cremation) at the shallow end along the banks of the river. Even flowers and coconut offerings in the river shall be trapped through a mesh and recycled for making ‘holi’ colours and composts by those making a livelihood off the river.
From now on, no sewage drainage system will be allowed to have an outlet into the river at any point along its flow, States have been told. A Ganga Vahini comprising ex-servicemen and NGOs will be constituted on the lines of the Red Cross at select locations along the river to keep vigil.
River Front Management for development and beautification of ghats will be undertaken for seven towns, including Kedarnath, Haridwar, Kanpur, Varanasi, Allahabad, Patna and Delhi. More towns will be identified later.
Programmes for afforestation, conservation of flora and of aquatic life are being initiated. The budget allocation for the project is about Rs. 2,000 crore.
These crucial decisions were taken in the fourth meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority — the first after the body was transferred to the Ministry of Water Resources and Ganga Rejuvenation. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the Chairman of the Authority with Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti as the vice-chairperson.
The meeting chaired by Ms. Bharti, was attended among others by Uttrakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat and the Irrigation Ministers of West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Poll-bound Jharkhand was unrepresented as the model code of conduct has been imposed there. Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari, Prakash Javadekar, Piyush Goyal and Sripad Naik also participated in the deliberations.
“We made these crucial proposals which were cleared by the authority. The implementation will begin right away and results of the short-term decisions will show in 45 days,” Ms. Bharti told journalists after the meeting.

Rupee Weakens Against Dollar By 8 PaiseRupee Weakens Against Dollar By 8 Paise
Sensex recovers 81 points in early tradeSensex recovers 81 points in early trade
CCMB bags CSIR award; recognition for senior scientist Rakesh MishraCCMB bags CSIR award; recognition for senior scientist Rakesh Mishra
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 28:  
The city-based Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) and the Directorate of Rice Research (DRR) have bagged the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) award for innovations in rural development.
Disclosing this at a press conference here on Tuesday, CCMB Director Ch. Mohan Rao said the award was given for the contribution of the two institutes towards innovation of the improved Samba Mahsuri variant of rice, with resistance to bacterial blight and promotion of its cultivation.
In addition, Rakesh Mishra, Senior Principal Scientist at CCMB, has been elected Fellow of the Indian National Science Academy (INSA) for his contributions in science and epigenetics.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Assocham suggests recipe for AP growthAssocham suggests recipe for AP growth
M Somasekhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The residuary Andhra Pradesh State has attracted a total outstanding investments worth about Rs 8.2 lakh crore as on March 31, 2014. While the power sector attracted 28 per cent, manufacturing (other than food processing) got 18 per cent, infrastructure (17 per cent) and refinery (12 per cent).
According to a study by the ASSOCHAM, mining (8 per cent), irrigation (7 per cent), construction and real estate (4 per cent) and information technology and electronics (2 per cent) are other sectors with significant share.
In terms of ownership, private sector (both Indian and foreign) accounts for almost 65 per cent of the total investments attracted, with domestic private sector garnering lion’s share of about 62 per cent. The Central Government accounts for over 21 per cent share while 13 per cent is the share of State.
"Andhra Pradesh paints a grim picture vis-à-vis implementation of investment projects as over 49 per cent projects have remained non-starter as of these about 28.5 per cent projects are in announcement stage while implementation of about seven per cent projects has been stalled and there is no information about projects comprising 13.5 per cent share in total outstanding investments," the Chambers pointed out.
The major reasons for tardy implementation are land acquisition delays, fund constraints, delay in environmental and other clearances along with law and order problems, the Assocham noted.
The Assocham has suggested a wide range of strategies for different sectors to transform AP’s economy in the strategic study paper. These include agriculture reforms, promoting the cultivation of horticulture, floriculture, medicinal herbs and plants; transforming dairy farmers into entrepreneurs to make value addition; setting up solar parks and wind turbine generators; revival of inland waterways; providing long-term finance to marginal, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs).
A world-class hub airport at Vijayawada with required convenience, connectivity and network needs to be developed. An inland container depot with all logistics facilities needs to be set up near Hyderabad and linked to Machilipatnam port (to be modernised) with a ten-lane road network.
AP should set up the Maritime Board as a nodal agency to boost each of the identified natural ports alongside the state’s 1,000 kilometers long coastline and entrust this job to the private sector, thereby taking a cue from Gujarat on the Western Coast which has been successful in such a venture. Promoted food processing, IT and ITeS, health tourism and education based clusters on both sides of the proposed Vizag-Chennai Industrial Corridor.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

5 Dakshina Kannada beaches to be developed5 Dakshina Kannada beaches to be developed
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mangalore, Oct 28:  
Five beaches along the coastline of Dakshina Kannada district will be developed with necessary infrastructure by March 2015.
AB Ibrahim, Deputy Commissioner of the district, said this on Tuesday on the sidelines of a meeting to review the beach tourism development projects in the district.
The Karnataka Tourism Department had identified beaches in Surathkal, Someshwara, Talapaddy, Ullal and Sultan Battery for development. The Union Ministry of Tourism has approved the allocation of Rs 13.72 crore for the development of these beaches, he said.
Ibrahim asked the officials of Karnataka Rural Infrastructure Development Ltd (KRIDL) to begin work on the project by November 1. KRIDL has been assigned the work of developing basic infrastructure on these beaches.
Thulasi Maddineni, Chief Executive Officer of Dakshina Kannada Zilla Panchayat, said that each beach has been identified keeping the tourist flow in mind. Someshwara beach will attract religious tourists, Surathkal beach will attract family tourists, and Talapaddy beach will be of attraction to nature lovers. Ullal beach is best suited for homestay tourists and Sultan Battery caters to the requirements of local tourists, she said. She also suggested improving road network to the beaches.
Yatish Baikampady, Chief Executive Officer of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Corporation, suggested developing multiple approach roads to the beaches identified for development. Such arrangements will help during emergencies, he said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Centre hopeful of U.P. sugar mills start cane crushing soonCentre hopeful of U.P. sugar mills start cane crushing soon
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Amid private Uttar Pradesh sugar mills’ threat to shut operations this season, the Centre today said millers would eventually start their factories though crushing operations may get delayed by 10-15 days.
Few months back, private sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh — the country’s second biggest producer — threatened not to open their mills in the current 2014-15 season (October-September) till the state government links cane prices with sugar rates.
Mills were forced to issue suspension notice as they suffered huge losses during last season on account of high cane prices fixed by the state and lower realisation from sugar sales.
“There is no way that UP sugar mills will remain shut for long. My reading is that all mills will run. But they may start 10-15 days late,” Food Secretary Sudhir Kumar told PTI.
Kumar said that mills do not have any option but to run their mills as they cannot shift to other business, while farmers can easily shift to some other crops.
However, the Secretary clarified that this is the matter between the state government and UP millers, and the Centre does not have much role to play.
On likely impact on the country’s sugar production due to delay in crushing operation in UP, he said, “It is too early to say. Let the crushing begin. We will assess it at the end of the season.”
Meanwhile, Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA) Director General Avinash Verma said: “UP sugar mills have taken one step forward and have agreed to start maintenance activity which should take 40-45 days.”
“However, they would wait for a mechanism or a policy that determines sugarcane price in relation to revenue generation before start of the crushing operations, so that they are in a position to pay cane price on time,” he said.
The UP sugar industry has shown confidence in the state government that a rational cane price formula would be announced and the industry would pray that the state should not fix the cane price, he added.
Crushing operation in western UP normally begins from October 15 and five days later in other parts the state.
According to industry estimates, sugarcane arrears in Uttar Pradesh have come down to Rs 2,400 crore now from Rs 7,500 crore at the end of March this year.
Sugar production for this season is pegged at 25-25.5 million tonnes, against 24.3 million tonnes last year.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading firm; up 52 pointsSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Devendra Fadnavis to be named Chief Minister in a fewhoursDevendra Fadnavis with Om Mathur and Rajnath Singh after the selection of CM of Maharashtra at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:40 pm
The BJP legislature party met at the Vidhan Bhawan here on Tuesday and elected Devendra Fadnavis as its chief ministerial candidate, the first from the BJP in Maharashtra. Senior leader Eknath Khadse proposed the BJP state chief’s name which was seconded by Vinod Tawde in the presence of Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda.
The 121 newly elected BJP MLAs then trooped into the Vidhan Bhawan for a meeting of BJP legislature party. The swearing in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 31 is expected to be the grandest in the state’s history.
On Monday, the name of BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis emerged on top will most of the MLAs backing him. Despite the week-long power tussle, the party central leadership was adamant on seeing Fadnavis take over as CM.
Some other BJP leaders aspiring to be CM were learnt to be lobbying in Delhi and among MLAs in Maharashtra. Supporters of Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition in the dissolved Assembly, tried to project him as deserving of the chief minister’s post.
Fadnavis’s name is expected to be announced after 4pm. The central leadership will hold discussions with individuals to elicit their views on who should lead the party.
The swearing-in ceremony was postponed from October 30 to October 31 to make adjustments with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s schedule.
The party has invited chief ministers of all BJP-ruled states at Wankhede Stadium, which can accommodate 40,000 people. There will be who’s who from across the spectrum attending the swearing-in ceremony. Mumbai BJP chief Ashish Shelar, along with a team of party workers, oversaw preparations, including security measures and sending of invitations to prominent personalities.
Party sources said Bollywood stars, corporate czars, top politicians from across parties, musicians, singers, members from right wing organisations to common man from Vidarbha, Marathawada, North Maharashtra, Western Maharashtra and Konkan will be present. The party is inviting its estranged ally in the state, Shiv Sena.
Four stages are being constructed at the stadium for the event.  Union ministers from Maharashtra, Prakash Javadekar, Nitin Gadkari and  Raosaheb Danve will attend the function.

CPM in Kasargode district observes bandh against murder ofactivistPrint
Written by Shaju Philip , Reported by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:23 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 1:24 pm
CPI (M) in Kasargode district is observing a dawn-to-dusk hartal in protest against the murder of its activist on Monday evening.
CPI (M) activist P Murali, 37, was stabbed to death by a four-member gang at Seethangoli in the district. Police said while Murali was pillion-riding, the gang waylaid his two-wheeler and stabbed him several times. He later died in a hospital. The assailants had tried to attack his friend Manjunath, but he escaped unhurt.
Murali had been one of the alleged accused in the murder of a BJP worker Dayanad in 2001. But, trial court had acquitted him. However, Murali had faced attempt on life twice in the past.
CPI (M) district leadership alleged that BJP was behind the murder, but that party refuted the charge.
Police have beefed up security in the area.

Work on laying road to Dhanushkodi beginsUpdated: October 28, 2014 13:52 IST
Work on laying road to Dhanushkodi begins
D. J. Walter Scott
THE HINDU In this file photo, pilgrims travel by a four-wheeler from Muhuntharayar Chathiram to Dhanushkodi. A road will be laid within 18 months.
Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has awarded the Rs. 25-crore project to a local contractor
The rough jeep rides on a sandy stretch to Dhanushkodi, the eastern end of Rameswaram, could become a thing of the past as work started on Monday to pave a road to the pilgrim centre, which was devastated in the 1964 cyclonic storm.
For devout Hindus, pilgrimage to Rameswaram is not complete without a visit to Dhanuskodi, considered Aathi Sethu (the arrow head). The five-km road from Muhuntharayar Chathiram will be ready in 18 months.
One year after sanctioning funds, the Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has awarded the Rs. 25-crore project to a local contractor to be executed on an engineering, procurement and construction basis, sources told The Hindu.
The private company, which is expected to sign an agreement with the Ministry in a week, has started the spade work of levelling and surveying. “We have commenced the preliminary work, and we are confident of completing the project within the 18-month [gestation] period,” sources in the company said.
The contractor has to design the project, procure materials and execute it. Though the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras prepared a design last year itself, the company will prepare its own design and get it approved by the IIT, the sources said.
The National Highways obtained the design from the IIT last year because the Ministry, when the Congress-led UPA was in power, questioned the need for a road, arguing that it might not withstand erosion from tidal action. The IIT’s Department of Ocean Engineering suggested that Gabion boxes, to a height of 2.5 metres, be placed on both sides of the road and a geo-textile layer placed in the inner side of the boxes to avoid seawater ingress and protect the road from tidal action.

New govt s initiatives major thrust for textiles:Indira SecLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
New govt's initiatives major thrust for textiles:Indira Sec
The outlook for the Indian textile industry looks promising for medium to long term, buoyed by both strong domestic consumption as well as export demand. "New government's initiatives major thrust for Indian textile sector", says Indira Securities.
Post your opinion here
 
Indira Securities' report on textile sector
The Indian textile industry is one of the largest in the world with a massive raw material and manufacturing base. The economy is largely dependent on the textile manufacturing and trade in addition to other major industries since 27% of the foreign exchange earnings are on account of export of textiles and clothing alone. The textiles and clothing sector contributes about 14% to the industrial production and 3% to the gross domestic product of the country. Around 8% of the total excise revenue collection is contributed by the textile industry. Also, the textile industry accounts for 21% of the total employment generated in the economy. Around 3.5 crore people are directly employed in the textile manufacturing activities. Indirect employment including the manpower engaged in agricultural based raw-material production like cotton and related trade and handling could be stated to be around another 6 crore.
The industry has been in limelight off lately on account of various initiatives taken by the new government, which includes setting up of Integrated Textile Parks, which is one of the flagship schemes of the Ministry of Textiles; measures to boost exports which includes hike in duty free entitlement to garment exporters for import of trimmings, embellishments and other specified items increased from 3% to 5% and proposal for imposing duty on branded items being dropped, providing relief to the entire value chain. Among other things, the government has taken up also skill development programme for training 5000 carpet weavers through the Carpet Export Promotion Council (CEPC).
Outlook:
The outlook for the Indian textile industry looks promising for medium to long term, buoyed by both strong domestic consumption as well as export demand. With consumerism and disposable income on the rise, the retail sector has experienced a rapid growth in the past decade, which can be guaged by number of international players entering the Indian market. Additionally, the new government's initiative, especially those announced in Budget 14-15, to boost the sectors growth also adds to the positive.
However, the industry also faces certain headwinds on account of inflationary conditions, policy changes, tariff barriers among others. Nevertheless, huge potential for India-Vietnam textile trade, non-compliance of large number of factories in Bangladesh, changing demographics and rising incomes among others also provide India a big opportunity in view of its relative advantage. However, to be more competitive and capture the space in market left by China and Bangladesh, the industry has to be competitive in pricing, apart from meeting strict timelines and being quality conscious.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

See NII growth of 12-14% in H2FY15: State Bank of MysoreOct 28, 2014, 03.32 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
See NII growth of 12-14% in H2FY15: State Bank of Mysore
Sharad Sharma, Managing Director, State Bank of Mysore sees the bank’s capital adequacy ratio at around 11.25 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See NII growth of 12-14% in H2FY15: State Bank of Mysore
Sharad Sharma, Managing Director, State Bank of Mysore sees the bank’s capital adequacy ratio at around 11.25 percent.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Sharad Sharma, Managing Director,  State Bank of Mysore expects the public sector lender’s NII growth to improve to 12-14 percent in the second half of FY15.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the financial performance of the bank in the quarter gone by , he said that the bank is now focussed on retail growth and its net interest margin is stable at 3-3.1 percent.
The bank is looking at gross NPA of around 4 percent by FY15-end, he said. Further, there has been a steady reduction in slippages over last three quarters.
Meanwhile, the bank is not planning to move on rates in the next three months. Also, it has no merger plans in the foreseeable future, he added.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sharad Sharma's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Give us an idea of the asset quality. We have seen a marginal increase in the gross non-performing loans (NPLs). Can you tell us in rupees term how much was the fresh slippages that you created and did you restructure any asset?
A: During the last three quarters we are seeing a steady reduction in our slippages. If you look at the past concluded of September, we have not had major account which has come for restructuring. If I can take you on a year on year basis September, our gross stressed assets were 12.5 percent and that in September ’14 its down by 2 percent to 10.5 percent. Our gross NPA ratio is also showing a steady decline. Last year in September we were at high of 6.5 percent of gross NPA. We are now at 5.07 percent.
Latha: We have your year on year numbers in front of us but I was looking for more colour, the exact slippages number and exact restructured numbers if you have them because your provision has come down a goodish bit compared to last year. What is the provision coverage ratio standing at?
A: The provision coverage is at 63 percent.
Latha: Was it different in the previous quarter. Has it increased or decreased?
A: In March it was at 60 percent, in June it was at 65 percent and we are at 63 percent now.
Reema: Can this trend of a decline, improvement in asset quality continue. By the end of FY15 can your gross NPA dip below 5 percent mark. What is your forecast?
A: I am keeping my fingers crossed, but we are nearly there at 5.07 percent. In each quarter in the last three quarters even though in the last quarter there have been practically no asset sales which have happened and this is an off season. If you look at the credit growth, there has been normally a deceleration in the first half and an acceleration in the second half. So reasonably speaking I expect to have around Rs 5,000 crore growth in my asset book and in absolute terms if the NPAs do not come down I will come down but my target is to be in the range of about 3.5 percent to 4 percent.
Reema: By the end of FY15 in the March 2015 quarter?
A: Conservatively at 4 percent.
Latha: You were speaking about credit growth. What did you do by way of credit growth in the first half?
A: First half we are down and that is mainly because of no response on the corporate lending side. We have done a conscious policy, in fact one-and-half years back my corporate loan book was at 64 percent. As on September ’14 that is down to 56 percent also because that’s the off season but my incidence of NPA in the corporate loan book is fairly steep and that was what was hitting the bank very substantially. So, we are now doing a shift and in Bangalore and in Karnataka; 80 percent of my branches are in Karnataka and we have a strong retail franchise. My growth on year on year (YoY) basis has been 20.6 percent; vehicle financing is 21.6 percent.
Q: What is your loan outstanding as of September 30 compared to what it was last September 30 or March 31?
A: We are around 48,000 crore and we were 50,000 crore as on March.

Lupin net at Rs630 crore; stock slipsLupin net at Rs630 crore; stock slips
Happy New Year : Collection Drops on Monday  But Beats  Kick  and  Bang BangHappy New Year : Collection Drops on Monday  But Beats  Kick  and  Bang Bang
Assocham for promoting value addition in agri to develop APAssocham for promoting value addition in agri to develop AP
Sensex sluggish; power  oil trade lowerHi Guest
Sensex gains 128 points ahead of Fed meet; Ranbaxy up 6%
Benchmark share indices ended higher on Tuesday, ahead of the two-day US Federal Reserve Open Market Committee meet, led by pharma shares after better-than-expected second quarter earnings from Lupin and Ranbaxy boosted sentiment. The 30-share Sensex ended up 128 points at 26,881 and the 50-share Nifty ended up 36 points at 8,028. In the broader market, BSE Mid cap Index ended flat while BSE Small cap gained around 0.7%. Market breadth ended positive with 1,507 advances against 1,372 declines.

Prefer Hexaware  PC Jeweller  Dolphin Offshore: Pankaj JainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Hexaware, PC Jeweller, Dolphin Offshore: Pankaj Jain
Dolphin Offshore closed at almost at a new 52-week high. The kind of momentum stock is carrying, the kind of queries we are seeing for the stock believes that stock could be in zone of Rs 200 plus in coming week, says Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax.policy
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax shares his trading strategies for the day.
My first call is long call on Archies . Stock sometime back moved very rapidly from zone of Rs 19.20 to Rs 31.32. Smart volume action was seen in the stock, volume breakout momentum is back into the stock and stock could again rally in today’s trading.
Second is long call on PC Jeweller . Very smart volume action was seen in the stock and very strong volumes were seen in the stock. Stock moved very rapidly about 12 to 14 percent. It is one of the good stocks. We believe that the momentum could be on in to today’s trading as well and stock could move further up.
Hexaware Technologies  corrected very sharply. Though fundamentally stock is a very strong bet it’s been giving very healthy dividends, performance is been very steady and stock has been again inching upwards and volumes actions was very strong in yesterday’s trading session. We believe that stock could again be inching back to levels closer to Rs 205-210.
Dolphin Offshore  closed at almost at a new 52-week high. The kind of momentum stock is carrying, the kind of queries we are seeing for the stock believes that stock could be in zone of Rs 200 plus in coming week.
RELATED NEWS

Rate expectations change faster than dataRate expectations change faster than the data
Robin Harding in Washington and Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fe95e22-5493-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola alarm meets its match in New YorkEbola alarm meets its match in New York
Gary Silverman and Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72b64d00-5b98-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cuomo backs down on NY Ebola ordersCuomo backs down on NY Ebola orders
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c089314-5d2f-11e4-873e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UCO Bank Identifies Kingfisher Airlines as  Wilful Defaulter : ReportAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Kolkata: City-based UCO Bank today said it has "identified" Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) as a "wilful defaulter" and will be sending a notice to the defunct carrier.
"We have identified KFA as a wilful defaulter. We are in the process of sending a notice to the company in this regard", a source in the bank told PTI.
Other banks like State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank are also mulling this route.
United Bank of India has already declared KFA a 'wilful defaulter' for defaulting a loan of Rs 350 crore.
Besides KFA, UCO Bank will also send a notice to the company which had furnished a corporate guarantee for availing a loan of around Rs 450 crore, the source said.
As per RBI guidelines, a wilful defaulter tag would be given if it is found that a loan taken is diverted for some other use rather than for which it was availed, as well as the default is made in spite of having the ability to repay it.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 14:30 (IST)

Fears grow over QEs toxic legacyFears grow over QE’s toxic legacy
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aad9b71c-4d83-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil: stuck in the valleys© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3ee3e622-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jan Dhan Scheme Gets a Dedicated WebsiteYou are here: Home Industries
Jan Dhan Scheme Gets a Dedicated Website
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 27, 2014 23:22 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry on Monday launched a dedicated website for the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, the government's flagship financial inclusion programme to help people open bank accounts.
"The website will provide an easy access to information on the Yojna, administrative structure created for monitoring, progress of the scheme, availability of account opening forms and financial literacy to the urban and rural population," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said after launching the website.
The website will also act as a tool for controllers and various stakeholders to monitor and implement the scheme in a more effective manner, Mr Sandhu added.
It is available in English and Hindi versions.
"As on October 22, a total of 6.47 crore accounts have been opened with a deposit of Rs 4,813.59 crore," Mr Sandhu added.
Launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Jan Dhan scheme is a national mission on financial inclusion encompassing an integrated approach to bring about comprehensive financial inclusion of all the households in the country.
The plan envisages universal access to banking facilities with at least one basic banking account for every household, besides financial literacy, access to credit, insurance and pension facilities.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 22:36 (IST)

Robbers dig 125-feet tunnel to loot bank in HaryanaBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Small Battery Maker Touts Big Prospect for NC JobsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Buy L&T  HPCL; Sell Cairn India Today: Sanjeev BhasinThe Nifty is likely to open higher on Tuesday, but expect volatility in the second half of trade ahead of derivatives expiry on Thursday. Indian stock markets will continue to outperform globally as oil prices are nearing $80 per barrel.
Trading calls for next three days as under,
1) Buy L&T: 1560-70, stop loss 1530, target 1620-25
2) Buy HPCL: 510-515, stop loss 503, target 532
3) Sell Crompton Greaves: 182-185, stop loss 190, target 168
4) Sell Cairn India: 281-284, stop loss 290, target 268
Suggest profit booking in Wipro and HCL Tech calls recommended yesterday.
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 08:31 (IST)

Dollar struggles as soft data push yields lower  Fed awaitedDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 in India  prices it at Rs 1 649E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil rises on claims of Saudi supply cutOil rises on claims of Saudi supply cut
By Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12d74400-5acd-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deflation fear underpins oil-equity link© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c52c1528-5a72-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC pulls up L-G  Centre over delay in decision on Delhi govtSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Low-birth weight and diabetes are linked: CCMB studyAbout 40-45 per cent of children born in India are having a birth weight of less than 2.5 kg
Hyderabad, Oct 28:  
Children who are born with low birth weight are prone to diabetes and heart related ailments when they grow up.
This has been established by a research study undertaken jointly by Giriraj R Chandak, Senior Scientist at the Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), with a group of Pune-based researchers including CS Yajnik.
Announcing this at a press conference here on Tuesday, Ch Mohan Rao, Director of CCMB, said the findings of the study were a result of 20 years of research and had important implications.
"Indian women have inadequate levels of vitamin B12 which is causing the trouble. They should be given B12 along with generally prescribed folic acid during the pregnancy, " he said.
Chandak said mother's nutrition plays a vital role in child's health.
"About 40-45 per cent of children born in India are having a birth weight of less than 2.5 kg," he added. Further research is on in various other aspects.
AXIS FORMATION
In another study done by CCMB scientist, Rakesh K Mishra, on process of body axis formation and diversity in animals, it was shown that the expression of anterior and posterior genes is vital for axis formation.
These findings show that while the posterior gene determines the identity, the anterior gene is essential for the growth and formation of the organ.
"These findings are relevant in understanding of cancer," the CCMB director said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Nilofar cyclone will not disrupt output: RIL...Reliance, Essar Oil say cyclone Nilofar will not disrupt output
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Top private oil refiners are taking precautions but do not anticipate any impact on their operations from cyclone Nilofar.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Top private oil refiners are taking precautions but do not anticipate any impact on their operations from cyclone Nilofar , which is expected to hit the country's west coast on Saturday, officials said.
Nilofar, classified as a 'very severe cyclonic storm', is expected to weaken to a 'cyclonic storm' when it makes landfall on the northern Gujarat coast, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
Reliance Industries operates the world's biggest refining complex in Gujarat, where its two adjacent plants can process about 1.4 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil.
But that complex and Essar Oil Ltd's 400,000-barrel-per-day Vadinar refinery do not lie directly in the expected path of the cyclone, officials from both companies said.
"We have operating procedures for any kind of eventuality," a person with direct knowledge of Reliance's operations said.
Essar Oil said in an emailed statement that it was taking "all due precautions" and did not expect any production outage.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Hotelier close to Sharad Pawar found hanging in hotelHotelier close to Sharad Pawar found hanging in hotel
Bank of India to open branch in VietnamBank of India to open branch in Vietnam
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Bank of India gets licence to set up bank in Vietnam. The licence was handed over after delegation level talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Vietnam Prime Minister.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sanofi warns its key diabetes business will slow in 2015Sanofi warns its key diabetes business will slow in 2015
Reuters
Tweet
PARIS, Oct 28:  
French drugmaker Sanofi stuck to its full-year profit forecast on Tuesday despite weaker-than-expected third-quarter sales, hit by price pressures at its lucrative diabetes business which are set to last.
Chief Executive Chris Viehbacher declined to comment on reports the board chairman was seeking to replace him, saying he was focused on his job and that the board had supported his transformation of Sanofi over the past six years.
"I'm the CEO of this company, I'm focused on delivering results. The board of directors confirmed yesterday that the succession issue was not on the agenda," Viehbacher told reporters on a call.
Sanofi has sought to offset the impact of patent losses on big-selling drugs such as blood thinners Plavix and Lovenox by betting on harder-to-copy biotechnologies, over-the-counter treatments and animal health products.
But one of its key growth areas, diabetes, slowed sharply in the third quarter as it was forced to offer rebates on sales in the US in the face of stiff competition. Sanofi warned the impact was set to last and that diabetes drug sales would be "broadly stable" next year — when many analysts expected them to keep growing.
Sales at the diabetes franchise rose 8.3 per cent at constant exchange rates, slower than the 16.2 per cent second-quarter increase and consistent double-digit growth previously.
Pricing pressures from cash-strapped Governments seeking to restrict healthcare spending and tough competition from generics has prompted drugmakers worldwide to rationalise their businesses and triggered a wave of mergers and acquisitions.
Sanofi, however, has largely stood on the sidelines. Viehbacher has repeatedly said Sanofi was always on the look-out for acquisitions, but would not do deals at any price.
He stressed that while some groups were refocusing on core businesses, Sanofi believed in its diversified model and had considerably replenished its pipeline of new drugs, including a potential blockbuster cholesterol treatment - a follow-on to its top-selling diabetes drug Lantus and the world's first dengue vaccine.
"The confidence we have in the outlook of the company is such that we can afford to be choosy when looking at M&A," he said.
Sanofi has also been looking at ways to reduce the drag on its growth from an $8-billion portfolio of mature drugs in Europe, the bulk of which are produced in France. The review took the board by surprise and could explain its sudden coldness with Viehbacher, a source familiar with the matter said.
But Viehbacher said teams weighing different options had not found a satisfactory solution for the portfolio, which generates precious cash flow despite being on the decline.
"There is no major plan to do anything in France or anywhere else on these products or anything else," he said.
Sanofi's business net income, which excludes items such as amortisation and legal costs, rose 9.4 per cent to 1.935 billion euros ($2.46 billion) on sales of 8.781 billion, putting business earnings per share (EPS) at 1.47 euros per share.
This compared to average forecasts for EPS of 1.47 euros on sales of 8.86 billion in a company-provided poll of 14 analysts.
Sales of its Lantus insulin — which accounts for more than a fifth of its sales and a third of its operating profit but is set to lose patent protection early next year — posted growth of just 5.8 per cent over the quarter to 1.04 billion euros. This compared to 16.3 per cent growth in the second quarter. (1 US dollar = 0.7870 euro)
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Devendra Fadnavis to be named Maharashtra chief minister in a fewhoursDevendra Fadnavis with Om Mathur and Rajnath Singh after the selection of CM of Maharashtra at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:40 pm
The BJP legislature party met at the Vidhan Bhawan here on Tuesday and elected Devendra Fadnavis as its chief ministerial candidate, the first from the BJP in Maharashtra. Senior leader Eknath Khadse proposed the BJP state chief’s name which was seconded by Vinod Tawde in the presence of Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda.
The 121 newly elected BJP MLAs then trooped into the Vidhan Bhawan for a meeting of BJP legislature party. The swearing in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 31 is expected to be the grandest in the state’s history.
On Monday, the name of BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis emerged on top will most of the MLAs backing him. Despite the week-long power tussle, the party central leadership was adamant on seeing Fadnavis take over as CM.
Some other BJP leaders aspiring to be CM were learnt to be lobbying in Delhi and among MLAs in Maharashtra. Supporters of Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition in the dissolved Assembly, tried to project him as deserving of the chief minister’s post.
Fadnavis’s name is expected to be announced after 4pm. The central leadership will hold discussions with individuals to elicit their views on who should lead the party.
The swearing-in ceremony was postponed from October 30 to October 31 to make adjustments with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s schedule.
The party has invited chief ministers of all BJP-ruled states at Wankhede Stadium, which can accommodate 40,000 people. There will be who’s who from across the spectrum attending the swearing-in ceremony. Mumbai BJP chief Ashish Shelar, along with a team of party workers, oversaw preparations, including security measures and sending of invitations to prominent personalities.
Party sources said Bollywood stars, corporate czars, top politicians from across parties, musicians, singers, members from right wing organisations to common man from Vidarbha, Marathawada, North Maharashtra, Western Maharashtra and Konkan will be present. The party is inviting its estranged ally in the state, Shiv Sena.
Four stages are being constructed at the stadium for the event.  Union ministers from Maharashtra, Prakash Javadekar, Nitin Gadkari and  Raosaheb Danve will attend the function.

Sensex gains over 100 pts; Ranbaxy  Sun Pharma surge 5-6%Oct 28, 2014, 02.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex up over 100 pts; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge 5-6%
GAIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, Tata Power and ICICI Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Reliance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex up over 100 pts; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge 5-6%
GAIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, Tata Power and ICICI Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Reliance.
Post your opinion here
13:08
Moneycontrol Bureau
2:00 pm Market check: The market seems to have woken from slumber as the Sensex is up 118.66 points at 26871.56. The Nifty up 35.25 points at 8026.95. About 1364 shares have advanced, 1307 shares declined, and 123 shares are unchanged.
Ranbaxy is up 6 percent after reporting stellar Q2 results. Sun Pharma is up 5 percent, Cipla, GAIL, ICICI Bank and SBI are other gainers in the Sensex.
1:40 pm Earnings: Net profit of Lupin grew to Rs 630 crore in the second quarter ended September 2014. Its revenue jumped to Rs 3173 crore from Rs 2668 year-on-year. Formulations business was up 19 percent at Rs 2,799 crore, US gained 23 percent at Rs 1,272 crore, Europe was up 11 percent at  Rs 87.6 crore and India grew 20 percent at Rs 799 crore on yearly basis. 
1: 30 pm Results: Ranbaxy's Q2 net profit stands at Rs 478 crore versus loss of Rs 454 crore in a corresponding quarter last year. During the quarter, its revenue jumped to Rs 3260 crore from Rs 2,802 crore year-on-year. Its EBITDA was at Rs 807 crore while operating margin was at 24. 8 percent.
Don't miss: HUL weak post Q2: Why are analysts still positive on it?
It is another day of sluggishness on Dalal Street as the benchmark indices do not make any remarkable gain. The Sensex is up 42.91 points at 26795.81 and the Nifty is up 14.95 points at 8006.65.  About 1262 shares have advanced, 1295 shares declined, and 120 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, Tata Power and ICICI Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Reliance.
Asian equities trade mixed. Investors tread cautiously ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting due to begin later today.
Brent crude extended its decline to a third day, dropping towards USD 85 a barrel, still under pressure from a Goldman Sachs report that slashed the investment bank's oil price forecasts amid a global supply glut.
Citing rising production and insufficient demand, Goldman Sachs on Sunday cut its forecast for Brent to USD 85 a barrel from USD 100 for the first quarter of 2015 and reduced its projection for US crude to USD 75 from USD 90.
Analysts from other major banks have also cut forecasts for 2014 and 2015 crude oil prices, citing global growth concerns, a strengthening dollar and ample supplies.
 
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Tech Mahindra, SBI most active
Software solutions provider Tech Mahindra climbed over a percent ahead of earnings (on Wednesday). Analysts expect the company to report a 15.5 percent growth in profit while dollar revenue may report a 3.83 percent sequential growth at USD 888 million during the quarter.

Exotic Coal: Board meeting on Nov 04  2014Oct 28, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Exotic Coal: Board meeting on Nov 04, 2014
Exotic Coal has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 04, 2014, to consider and discuss the following matters: 1. To consider and approve the un-audited financial results (Provisional) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. 2. Appointment of Additional Director. 3. Shifting of registered office
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Exotic Coal: Board meeting on Nov 04, 2014
Exotic Coal has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 04, 2014, to consider and discuss the following matters: 1. To consider and approve the un-audited financial results (Provisional) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. 2. Appointment of Additional Director. 3. Shifting of registered office
Post your opinion here
 
Exotic Coal Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 04, 2014, inter alia, to consider and discuss the following matters:1. To consider and approve the un-audited financial results (Provisional) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.2. Appointment of Additional Director.3. Shifting of registered office.4. To consider issue of equity shares on preferential allotment basis.5. Change of Name.Source : BSE

Eins Edutech: Board meetin on Oct 31  2014Oct 28, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Eins Edutech: Board meetin on Oct 31, 2014
Eins Edutech has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 31, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following: 1. To discuss and approve the proposal of shifting of Registered Office of the Company within city.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Eins Edutech: Board meetin on Oct 31, 2014
Eins Edutech has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 31, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following: 1. To discuss and approve the proposal of shifting of Registered Office of the Company within city.
Post your opinion here
 
Eins Edutech Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 31, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following:1. To discuss and approve the proposal of shifting of Registered Office of the Company within city.Source : BSE

Indian share markets remain buoyantIndian share markets remain buoyant
Is India s stock market truly nationalHi Guest
Is India's stock market truly national?
Image: Bollywood actress Kajal Agarwal attends the Muhurat Trading session at the Bombay Stock Exchange. Photograph, courtesy: BSE Our stock exchanges no longer belong to one state or one community, says N Sundaresha Subramanian. Two events in the past few days have put a disturbing question into my head: Is our stock market truly national?  The first, was the Maharashtra state election, held on October 15. The second one came a week later. More on that later.  The announcement ...

Ranbaxy turns corner  Q2 net at Rs 478 cr; OPM up 1770 bpsRanbaxy turns corner  Q2 net at Rs 478 cr; OPM up 1770 bps
Bafna Pharmaceuticals announces change inc ompany secretaryBafna Pharmaceuticals announces change inc ompany secretary
Ola to raise USD 210 mn from SoftBank  other investorsOla to raise USD 210 mn from SoftBank  other investors
Huawei Honor 6 Review: ImpressivePrint
The Huawei Honor 6 is a good buy at Rs 19,990.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: November 11, 2014 6:17 pm
It seems Chinese telecom equipment manufacturer, Huawei, has finally got a break in the price sensitive Indian smartphone market with its flagship Honor 6 smartphone. Huawei had launched its Honor 6 smartphone on Flipkart on October 6 and stated that the handset has generated faster sales than any of its predecessors in the country. Also, the company has been trying to make the Indian consumers realise that it is the third largest smartphone brand in the world and it should be honoured for that. But then should we honour it? We check out.
Quick specs: 5-inch Full HD display (445 ppi) | 1.3 GHz octa-core Hi Silicon Kirin 920 processor | 3 GB RAM | 16 GB internal memory (up to 64 GB expandable) | 13 MP rear camera | 5 MP front camera| Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS | Emotion 2.3 UI | 4G ready | 3100 mAh battery
Price: Rs 19,990 (Earphones are not included)
Design: It’s a good looking smartphone. The overall look of the phone seems to be inspired by the older iPhones, however, Huawei has taken care to pay attention to minor detailing. The glass back and plastic sides may give an impression that the device is frail but the third generation Corning Glass protection assures strength. The build quality is good and the device feels solid in hands.
Display: Sharp and crisp. The 5-inch Full HD screen does its best. The viewing angles are decent. The display performs well under sunlight as well. Users shouldn’t have any complains with the display quality of the smartphone.
Performance: Huawei Honor 6 promises a lot on paper and it even delivers. An octa-core processor with 3 GB RAM is enough to attract any smartphone buyer. But the hardware does a good job in the most demanding situations. I did not encounter any sort of lags. Also, the phone doesn’t heat up much.
Software: The device runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system and is sugar-coated with Huawei’s Emotion 2.3 UI. Overall, the experience is good and the UI offers some handy customisations as well.
Camera: The 13 MP rear camera is decent if not great. However, there is certain amount of noise in the images even in good lighting conditions. The front 5 MP camera produced surprisingly good results. Overall, it is fast, colours are nearly accurate and average users shouldn’t have much to complain.
Storage: The device offers 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 11 GB is available. The memory can be further expanded up to 64 GB via microSD card.
Battery: Excellent battery life at this price. The smartphone will easily last up to two days in normal usage. I was using 3G along with WiFi, played few HD games and the device lasted for over 32 hours even at maximum brightness. Battery life is one of the areas that will even impress the power users.
Connectivity: The smartphone supports 4G networks. In front of connectivity, I witnessed no issues at all.
Verdict: In the Rs 20,000 range, the Huawei Honor 6 is a good buy. Users will be impressed with the design, performance and battery life of the device.

Back to buying  retail investors up holding in 190 top firmsBack to buying, retail investors up holding in 190 top firms
Meera Siva
Favour realty, bank and infra stocks
October 26, 2014:  
If Foreign Institutional Investors led the market charge before the general elections, it is retail investors who have been more bullish after the polls. Retail investors raised their holdings in 190 of 360 leading companies between end-June and end-September, based on the latest data on shareholding patterns.
This is in contrast to the trend during the September 2013 to June 2014 period, when retail investors reduced their holding in three out of five companies. “Many investors used the earlier rally to sell and are now regretting it,” says V Nagappan, Advisory Committee Member at Madras Stock Exchange.
Pick realty, bank, infra stocks
Retail investors loaded up on sectors such as real estate and banking that were expected to benefit from falling interest rates. Sobha Developers and Indiabulls Real Estate, for instance, saw their retail holdings rise by 0.5 percentage point and 1.9 percentage points respectively over the last quarter. Among the banking stocks, retail holdings in Dena Bank and Canara Bank climbed by 1 percentage point.
Sectors such as infrastructure and power generation continued to attract retail buyers, betting on economic revival. Retail investors shored up stakes in infrastructure majors such as GMR, Jaypee, Torrent Power and Tata Power. Nagappan says small investors are looking for value buys and feel these stocks are ‘cheap’.
However, retail investors seem to have tired of defensive large-cap holdings in IT and pharmaceutical stocks. So, while they reduced exposure to Cadila Healthcare and Cipla, they picked up Strides Arcolabs and Ipca Labs.
The mid-cap flavour was also in evidence in the IT sector, with retail investors stocking up on Mphasis and Geometric even as they pruned holding in Infosys, Wipro and Tech Mahindra.
Contra view to FIIs
In sharp contrast, FIIs cut holdings in sectors such as realty, infrastructure and banks. In the infrastructure sector, they reduced their position in five out of the six companies that retail investors bought. Even in many individual stocks, their views differed. In around 100 companies, retail investors bought shares while FIIs liquidated their holdings over the September quarter.
The overall stakes held by retail investors in the listed stocks inched up from 5.7 per cent to 5.8 per cent over the quarter ended September 30, 2014. With retail investors also betting big on equity mutual funds, their mutual fund holdings in the market went up from 3.5 per cent to 3.7 per cent.
“Contrary to our expectation, retail investors did not come in a big way” says S Venkateswaran, Partner at Maconochie, a stock broking firm. “But those who are on the sidelines waiting for a correction could enter in the next two quarters”.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Inequalities and the Ebola crisisUpdated: October 27, 2014 01:04 IST
Inequalities and the Ebola crisis
Nissim Mannathukkaren
health
The response to Ebola, which has killed nearly 5,000 Africans but only two western citizens, cannot be colour coded anymore. For the future, we cannot but raise questions about the structural inequalities that prevent accessible health care for the global poor, and societies that eliminate these inequalities
The principle upon which the fight against disease should be based is the creation of a robust body; but not the creation of a robust body by the artistic work of a doctor upon a weak organism; rather, the creation of a robust body with the work of the whole collectivity, upon the entire social collectivity. — Che Guevara
The photograph in August this year, of a very weak, 10-year-old Saah Exco, suspected of having contracted Ebola, sitting naked on a bucket and fighting to stay alive while residents of a slum in Monrovia, Liberia, milled around him, terrified of helping him, might go on to win Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer John Moore another prize. But that’s irrelevant in what is unfolding as a devastating tragedy in Africa. Moore’s and others’ pictures can only show us a glimpse of that tragedy. They do not show that Exco’s mother and brother had died earlier, or that he himself would die later.
The popular media in America and the rest of the western world, which, until recently, was busy dealing with the horrors of beheadings perpetrated by “medieval barbarians,” and other “horrors” in the form of nude photographs of celebrities being leaked online on a daily basis, was suddenly forced to confront another horror. One that was silently brewing for many months in those parts of the world which appear in the western consciousness only through Hollywood blockbusters. And this it was forced to do so only once the first Ebola death happened on American soil.
Global apathy
Nevertheless, the response to the crisis has been on expected lines. The entire discourse surrounding Ebola in the West is about quarantining itself against “those” poor Africans entering “our” space, bringing deadly viruses with them. Look at the discussion surrounding Thomas Duncan, the Liberian man, the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in America, in September. Social media was rife with opinion that he had deliberately come to America to infect others. The state authorities in America, before his death, were even considering filing criminal charges against him for intentionally exposing the public to the virus! Airports in North America have begun screening passengers travelling from affected areas and the governments are on high alert for any eventuality.
“The response of developing nations such as India, China, and Brazil — all of which want Africa as a business partner — has not been any better than that of the West.”
Of course, it is only natural that people are concerned about their own safety and lives. But what is shocking is that the concern for one’s own self is also accompanied by a complete apathy towards the distant other. Otherwise, how can we explain the response to what the World Health Organization (WHO) calls the “unparalleled” health crisis in modern times? Canadian journalist Geoffrey York who has covered wars and disasters, from the Gulf War to tsunamis, reported from Liberia that “nothing is quite like Ebola,” a feeling reinforced by photographs: stricken mothers slumped on pavements with their infants on their laps, the dead lying on roads, people pleading with health workers to touch the bodies of their loved ones.
Piecemeal solutions
These gut-wrenching pictures resemble nothing short of a scene of a war-ravaged zone, except that the tragic difference here, unprecedentedly, is that one cannot even help the dying or grieve for the dead. Yet, the international community has only “failed miserably,” as the World Bank president would admit. The reported response of developing nations like India, China, and Brazil — all of which want Africa as a business partner — has not been any better than that of the West either (the shining exception has been that of the tiny nation of Cuba, contributing, as in all global health crises, far beyond its means).
The overriding concern with protecting oneself, other than producing an apathetic response, has also led to the prescribing of piecemeal solutions which will only perpetuate such tragedies in the future while hiding serious questions about the root cause of the crisis — structural inequalities in global health. While solutions like a global health fund for emergencies prescribed by the World Bank president will save lives, they will not eliminate the root causes that produce periodic crises.
Worlds apart
Inequalities are at the heart of the Ebola crisis. Ebolas are produced in a world in which the United States spends $8,362 annually per person on health while Eritrea (Africa) spends $12. It is the same world in which the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries which constitute a mere 18 per cent of the world’s population spend 84 per cent of the total money spent on health in the world. Thus, unsurprisingly, 95 per cent of tuberculosis deaths and 99 per cent of maternal mortality are in the developing world.
And these inequalities are not only between the developed and the developing worlds, but also exist within the developed world as the health indicators of African Americans and indigenous people in North America show. In the city of London, it is estimated that while travelling on the tube eastwards from Westminster, each tube station signifies the loss of approximately one year of life expectancy.
It is not an accident that Ebola’s epicentre is in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone. They are some of the poorest countries in the world with a history of wars and conflicts, and of collapsing or dysfunctional health systems. Liberia has only 51 doctors to serve 4.2 million people and Sierra Leone, 136 for six million.
Inequalities mark every step of the current outbreak. Questions are being asked about the initial tardy hospital treatment given to Duncan and whether his race and class had anything to do with it — here was an African man without medical insurance seeking emergency medical help in the most privatised and corporatised medical system in the West. That his nine-day treatment cost $5,00,000 (Rs.3 crore) should tell us something about the state of global health care.
When American missionaries Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol were infected with Ebola in Liberia, the American government had them airlifted — isolated in an “aeromedical biological containment system” — and had them successfully treated in the U.S. Contrast this with the 22-year-old Liberian woman and nurse-in-training, Fatu Kekula, who was forced to look after four of her Ebola-stricken family members at home using trash bags as protective gear after hospitals turned her away.
While a patient brought from Africa to a state-of-the-art facility in Germany was treated in an isolation ward equipped with three different air locks (even when Ebola is not believed to be transmitted by air) and by doctors and nurses wearing hazmat suits with their own oxygen supplies, the efforts to quarantine the West Point slum in Monrovia failed completely, after it erupted in riots.
Order and planning mark the western intervention, but chaos reigns in the centre of the outbreak. If an entire building near Paris was cordoned off and quarantined on the mere suspicion of a person having Ebola-like symptoms, in Liberia, the police had to fire at a mob which had closed down an isolation ward and even looted contaminated material as they believed Ebola to be a hoax.
Focus on priorities
Such conditions of absolute deprivation and desperation are fawned by socio-economic inequalities. Is it not astonishing that a deadly virus like Ebola does not have a cure despite the fact that it has been around for 40 years? The answer lies, as the WHO Director-General emphasises, in the fact that diseases that afflict only some poorer and darker nations of the world are not a priority for the global pharmaceutical industry. The latter’s market is a $300-billion behemoth of which a third is controlled by 10 drug companies only — six in the U.S. and four in Europe.
Ebola also raises serious questions about the priorities of the global super powers. America has until now seen Ebola only as a potential weapon of bioterror. It has already spent $1.1 billion in the military campaign against IS (a monster produced by American imperialism), while the Ebola outbreak which requires at least $1 billion has got a third of it in actual paid donations from all the nations. Again, this is unsurprising, considering that the annual world military expenditure is $1.75 trillion while its health expenditure is only $6.5 trillion.
Under globalisation, the empire also unwittingly strikes back. Thus the epicentre of the latest Ebola outbreak lies in the former French colonies, posing new threats to its former colonial master, France, by people travelling to it from them. Similarly, Duncan grew up next to a colony of leprosy patients, fled Liberia during the civil war, lived in refugee camps across Africa and finally brought Ebola to America. Such are the ironies of our deeply divided but interconnected world.
In the immediate, the response to Ebola, which has killed 4,922 Africans but only two western citizens, cannot be colour coded anymore. For the future, we cannot but raise questions about the structural inequalities that prevent accessible health care for the global poor, and societies that eliminate these inequalities. Do questions such as why does it cost $1 billion to develop a drug in America, while Cuba achieves the same health indicators as America by spending 40 times less on health, and what makes all celebrities and others across the globe, who only a month ago were dumping ice buckets on their heads, raising $100 million for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, turn silent as Ebola continues to surge ahead have answers?
(Nissim Mannathukkaren is with Dalhousie University, Canada. E-mail: nmannathukkaren@dal.ca)

Investing: Handle junk bonds with care0
Companies with poor credit ratings issue junk bonds, so yields tend to be larger than those of Treasuries and other low-risk debt. In recent years, though, investor demand for junk has pushed up prices and slashed yields (bond prices move opposite to yield). In fact, the average junk bond recently paid out only 5.8 percent, well below the long-term average of 9.5 percent.
Given such low yields, the chances of a junk-bond pullback are rising. As a result, financial advisers are singing a cautious tune. Holding some junk bonds makes sense because of their fatter interest payments and because they should hold up better than lower-paying, high-quality bonds once yields start rising in earnest. But signs of a faltering economy or a stock market correction (a drop in share prices of 10 percent to 20 percent) could cause junk debt to reel.
Lou Stanasolovich, of Legend Financial Advisors, in Pittsburgh, recommends that his clients keep 3 percent to 8 percent of their portfolios in junk bonds. One good choice: Osterweis Strategic Income fund (symbol OSTIX). Although Osterweis, a member of the Kiplinger 25, can own any type of bond, it currently has 90 percent of its assets in junk. Comanager Carl Kaufman says he's selective about what he buys. "We own a lot of companies that aren't investment-grade but that aren't bad companies," he says. Hertz Global Holdings is one example. This year, the rental car giant announced that it will have to restate as many as three years of results because of an accounting error, and that 2014 profits will be lower than expected. But Kaufman believes the challenges Hertz faces are temporary.
Strategic Income is also positioned to combat rising rates. Its average duration, a measure of interest-rate sensitivity, is about 2 years, compared with a little more than 4 years for a broad benchmark of junk bonds. Year to date, the fund has returned 3.4 percent. It yields 3.4 percent, and annual expenses are 0.85 percent.
For another option, check out Vanguard High-Yield Corporate (VWEHX). The fund doesn't gamble on the highest-yielding (and therefore highest-risk) bonds; more than half of the portfolio is in debt rated BB, the best rating for junk. This approach can help minimize losses. So far this year, the fund has returned 5.0 percent, and it yields 4.3 percent. Its annual expense ratio is a low 0.23 percent.
(Carolyn Bigda is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Bigg Boss 8: Here s what happened over the weekendCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Preparations in place to deal with Cyclone Nilofer: Gujarat CMPreparations in place to deal with Cyclone Nilofer: Gujarat CM
Govt to name those having prosecutable case: FMOct 27, 2014, 06.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to name those having prosecutable case: FM
Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion through offshore accounts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, amid the Congress asking for disclosure of all names of black money holders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to name those having prosecutable case: FM
Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion through offshore accounts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, amid the Congress asking for disclosure of all names of black money holders.
Post your opinion here
 
Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion through offshore accounts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, amid the Congress asking for disclosure of all names of black money holders.
 "We will disclose only those names against whom we have prosecutable evidence," he told reporters. His remark comes hours after the government disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names, including that of Pradip Burman, one of  Dabur India promoters, a bullion trader and a Goa miner against whom it has started prosecution for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Promising to disclose more names of black money holders who have come under the scanner, the government said that all foreign bank accounts cannot be termed as "illegal". Earlier, Congress leader Digvijay Singh attacked Jaitley for his comments that Congress would be embarrassed when all names of those who stashed money abroad were made public.
Terming Jaitley's remarks as "mischievous", Singh said: "If he (Jaitley) has guts, he should reveal those names." He said if any Congress member is found to have stashed money abroad illegally, the party would "punish" the person.
Another Congress leader and a former Union Minister Salman Khurshid said the party has no problem if all names are put out in public domain. Jaitley had earlier said the government would not be pushed into an act of adventurism and jeopardise the chances of getting cooperation of other countries in future.
The NDA government's approach on black money, he had asserted, "is doggedly persistent, not adventurist."  He had also blamed the agreement entered into by the Congress government with Germany in 1995 as a constraining factor in disclosing details of black money stashed abroad.
In the run-up to Parliamentary polls, BJP had promised to bring back black money kept by Indians in overseas banks while targeting the UPA government for not taking effective action on the issue.
RELATED NEWS

A gold trader with BJP links  a hotelier and miner  a member of a storied business familyBy: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 8:01 am
Pankaj Lodhiya
Pankaj Lodhiya,  44, the Rajkot-based bullion trader whose name figured in the Centre’s black money affidavit, has his office, Shreeji Trading Company, on Bhupendra Road in the city. The office was shut on Monday — Diwali festivities end only on Labh Pancham, which is on Tuesday.
Lodhiya expressed shock at his name appearing in the affidavit: “I am shocked to hear this.  I don’t have any account in Swiss banks. Everything is in the (account) books. I will reply to queries by the prosecution. I was among those who congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he took up the campaign against black money, and I am sure that I will come out clean on this. If any account is found, I am ready to surrender whatever money is deposited to the Government of India.”
His father, Chamanlal Lodhiya, is close to local BJP leaders. According to information made public by the Association for Democratic Reforms on Monday, the BJP’s donations report for 2011-12 lists Rs 51,000 from the elder Lodhiya.
Pankaj Lodhiya, who did not complete his commerce degree, entered the bullion trading industry around 15 years ago, and is now the chief supplier of gold to Rajkot’s huge jewelley industry.
Shreeji Group has interests in diamond, gold and silver jewellery, as well as realty. It has branches in Ahmedabad, Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore. According to the group website, the company is associated with London Bullion Market Association, an international association. Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd, another group company, markets jewellery under the brand Tatva.
The I-T department had raided Lodhiya’s home around a year and a half ago, but not many details about the operation were reported.
Radha Timblo
Radha Satish Timblo, named in the Centre’s affidavit to the Supreme Court for allegedly stashing black money abroad, is a member of the Timblo family in Goa that operates mines and owns the 5-star Cicade de Goa resort at Vainguinim Beach.
The family’s name has earlier appeared in connection with an alleged illegality involving the transfer of a mining lease that was originally granted to Badrudin Mavani, an individual.
The Supreme Court’s central empowered committee looking into illegal mining in Goa alleged in its interim report that the ownership of the mining lease was illegally taken over by the Timblo family using a power of attorney. The concession had been granted to an individual, but had been operated as a partnership firm, in which Radha Timblo was a minority partner and Timblo Pvt Ltd held the majority.
According to election watchdog Association for Democratic Reforms, Timblo Pvt Ltd donated Rs 1.18 crore to the BJP, and Rs 65 lakh to the Congress over the seven-year period between 2004-05 and 2011-12.
As per details made available by ADR on Monday, Timblo Pvt Ltd made nine donations ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 25 lakh to the BJP, and three — of Rs 30 lakh, Rs 25 lakh and Rs 10 continued…

Coal India price pooling under consideration: Coal secyCoal India price pooling under consideration, says Coal secretary SK Srivastava
IANS     Kolkata   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 09:07 IST
Photo: Reuters
The proposal to pool prices of imported and domestic coal for supply to power plants commissioned after 2009 is under consideration of the government, a senior official said on Monday.
"We keep on analysing and reviewing the pros and cons of the issue and then we will come to a decision," Coal Secretary SK Srivastava told reporters in Kolkata.
As per the proposal, state miner Coal India (CIL) will buy imported coal and supply it to power plants after blending with and pooling its price with domestic coal to meet the current fuel shortage.
The proposal was earlier shelved during the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) rule, as most state electricity boards opposed it fearing increase in power tariffs.
Meanwhile, in yet another directive against Coal India for abusing its dominant position, fair trade watchdog - the Competition Commission of India (CCI)on Monday asked the company to cease and desist from unfair business practices.
CCI, which last year imposed a penalty of Rs.1,773.05 crore on Coal India for indulging in unfair business practices, passed two fresh orders on different complaints pertaining to anti-competitive practices in an e-auction scheme and fuel supply pacts, respectively.
"Such arrangement in the scheme was noted to be a result of market power exercised by CIL and its subsidiaries," the Commission said regarding the spot e-auction scheme 2007.
The CCI held CIL and its subsidiaries in contravention of the legal provisions for imposing unfair conditions in Fuel Supply Agreements (FSAs) with the power producers for supply of non-coking coal, the corporate affairs ministry said in a statement here.
The case was instituted by Sai Wardha Power Company against CIL and its subsidiary Western Coalfields in respect of cost plus mines, it added.

http://usat.ly/1wx33zqFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Jack Ma: How Whitney Houston inspired me
Jack Ma, the richest man in China and the head of the e-commerce site Alibaba Group,  told an audience Monday about how he learned how to make a speech by watching Whitney Houston in The Bodyguard.
Post to Facebook
Jack Ma: How Whitney Houston inspired me Jack Ma, the richest man in China and the head of the e-commerce site Alibaba Group,  told an audience Monday about how he learned how to make a speech by watching Whitney Houston in The Bodyguard. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u1j7eQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Jack Ma: How Whitney Houston inspired me
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 9:28 a.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Alibaba Group chief Jack Ma at WSJDLive conference
(Photo: Jefferson Graham)
72 CONNECT 31 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif.— Jack Ma, the richest man in China and the head of the e-commerce site Alibaba Group, is a huge movie fan.
Speaking to the WSJDLive conference here, he told how he learned how to make a speech by watching Whitney Houston in The Bodyguard.
"When she sings, I watched her body movement," he said. "I realized, if you sing from your heart," you can make a speech.
Ma, who said he planned to meet with Hollywood studios Tuesday to talk about financing movies to play in China and on devices, cited other favorite movies as inspiration, including the Godfather films, and Forrest Gump.
"These are my muse, my inspirations."
The Alibaba (Ticker: BABA ) sites get 100 million visitors daily — but newsflash — Ma says he's never shopped online. "But my wife does."
Ma spoke often about his wife. He said he asked her when he started Alibaba, would she rather be rich or respected. She chose "respected, because she never thought I'd be rich."
MORE FROM USA TODAY TECH

In biggest single ecommerce investment  Snapdeal gets Rs 3 762 cr from Softbank GroupE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Commodities as a pump primer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6cd6fe6-5a95-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra BJP MLAs meet today  Fadnavis front runner for CM postBJP MLAs meet, Fadnavis selected new Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:47 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Devendra Fadnavis was on Tuesday elected the new chief minister of Maharashtra.
BJP workers celebrate the party's victory in Maharashtra assembly polls, wearing masks of state president Devendra Fadnavis. (PTI photo)
Fadnavis, 44, was selected the legislative party leader by the new BJP MLAs in a meeting at Vidhan Bhavan in the presence of party's central observers, Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party's national general secretary J P Nadda.
Fadnavis and other state BJP leaders will now call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao and formally stake claim to form the government.
Fadnavis was the front runner in the CM race from the very beginning, except for a short hiccup when about 40 BJP MLAs from Vidarbha openly backed Union minister Gadkari for the top job.
But the RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat reportedly settled the issue by advising Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to become chief minister.
 To ally or not to ally
The Shiv Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on October 31.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) weakened the Sena's case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
Swearing-in on Friday
On Tuesday, central observers Union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy attended the meeting of the party's newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to Friday (October 31) so that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can attend it. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Japan s SoftBank to invest Rs 60 000 crore in IndiaJapan s SoftBank to invest Rs 60 000 crore in India
Matra Kaushal Enterprise announces appointment of directorMatra Kaushal Enterprise announces appointment of director
The Nifty call: Sell in ralliesBL Research Bureau:  
Nifty October Futures (8,016)
The Nifty futures contract opened on a positive note at 8,010, and continues to remain in the positive territory after marking an intra-day low at 8,003. But the contract is witnessing selling pressure at higher levels. A failure to rally above 8,030 will be a cue for initiating fresh short position with a stop-loss at 8,035 levels. The contract can test its support at 8,000 levels. A fall below this support level will reinforce selling pressure and drag the contract further down to 7,977 and then to 7,950 levels. Next key support is pegged at 7,930 levels.
To reinforce the bullish momentum, the contract needs to rally above 8,050 levels. Key resistance beyond this level is at 8,075.
Strategy: Sell the contract in rallies with a stop-loss at 8,035 levels.
Supports: 8,000 and 7,977
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

SC pulls up Centre for delay in Delhi govt formation |  Prez consented to invite BJPYou are here: Home > Collections > Court
SC pulls up Centre and Delhi LG for delay in taking decision regarding government formation
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 12.20PM IST
Tags:
Delhi LG
(Centre tells SC that President…)
NEW DELHI: Supreme Court on Tuesday pulled up the Centre and Delhi L-G for delay in taking decision regarding government formation in the national capital. "In a democracy, President's Rule can't go on forever," the apex court said.
The government told SC that the President has allowed LG's proposal to invite BJP to form government. However, the court said that it will hear Aam Aadmi Party's (AAP) plea on merit on the issue.
"We gave you enough time but nothing happened and you always make one statement or other on the day of hearing," the court told the government. "LG should have taken decision on government formation at the earliest and should not have taken 5 months time," it added.
Over a week after the party's victory in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly polls, Delhi BJP has conveyed to the party leadership its preference for facing fresh polls in the city than taking power without having a majority.
BJP sources said the Delhi unit has started preparations for polls, preferably in January or February, and the Union government may soon indicate to Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to dissolve the assembly paving way for fresh elections.
Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar on October 10 had informed the court that the Centre's stand on government formation in Delhi will be known after Diwali.
"We have started preparations for the polls which may take place in January. The central leadership has been informed that we are ready for polls," a senior Delhi BJP leader said.
The Election Commission on Saturday had announced bypoll to three assembly constituencies on November 25 but if the Lt Governor dissolves the assembly then the bypolls will not take place.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Honda cuts sales guidance as recalls biteThe automaker also cut its net profit forecast by 5.8% to 565 billion yen, after booking a 17.9% rise in the second quarter to 141.9 billion yen.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Honda Motor Co Ltd cut its sales forecasts for this year citing competition in Japan and China as well as the impact of recalls on new model launches, but said a weak yen will help it stick to its operating profit estimate at 770 billion yen.
Japan's third-biggest automaker by revenue also on Tuesday said operating profit fell 4.1 per cent to 164.4 billion yen ($1.52 billion) in July-September, missing the 184.1 billion yen mean estimate of 14 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The results came after U.S. consumers filed a lawsuit against Honda and other car makers as well as Takata Corp in relation to mass recalls of cars equipped with potentially defective Takata air bags that have been linked to four deaths.
Last week, Honda also apologised for the fifth domestic recall of its Fit hybrid subcompact, for which the CEO and a dozen executives took pay cuts. The automaker said it would consequently re-examine its process for developing cars.
"Our multiple recalls have caused a nuisance for our customers," said Honda Executive Vice President Tetsuo Iwamura after the results. "As a result of this recall, we have had to do a full inspection of all the new models (in the pipeline). This has caused a delay ... some by as much as six months."
The automaker now expects to sell 4.620 million vehicles globally this year, 4.3 per cent fewer than previously estimated. It cut its forecasts for Japan and for the rest of Asia by 100,000 vehicles each, but left its North America estimate unchanged.
In revenue terms, Honda now expects 12.75 trillion yen for the year ending March instead of 12.80 trillion previously.
The automaker also cut its net profit forecast by 5.8 per cent to 565 billion yen, after booking a 17.9 per cent rise in the second quarter to 141.9 billion yen.
Shares of Honda closed 0.7 per cent lower before the earnings release, compared with a 0.4 per cent decline in Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei index.

Summons against Amitabh Bachchan in 1984 rio...US court issues summons against Amitabh Bachchan in 1984 riots case
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 01.26PM IST
Tags:
1984 riots case
(Running into 35-pages,…)
LOS ANGELES: A US court has issued summons against Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan in an alleged human rights violation case filed by a Sikh rights group.
The US District Court here issued the summons on a complaint filed by New York-based Sikh for Justice (SFJ) and two alleged victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
The victims Babu Singh Dukhiya is based in Delhi and Mohender Singh is based in California.
The court has directed Bachchan to respond in 21 days after he is served with the summons.
Running into 35-pages, the complaint alleges that Bachchan instigated people for violence after the assassination of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi .
In the past several years, SFJ has unsuccessfully tried to drag several Indian leaders to US courts in the alleged human rights violations cases.
FEATURED ARTICLES

World s first windowless plane set to take offWorld's first windowless plane set to take off
By TNN | 28 Oct, 2014, 01.12PM IST
Passengers would be able to switch the view on and off according to their preference, identify prominent sights by tapping the screen.
()
LONDON : The world's first windowless plane is all set to take off. A British developer will soon test a windowless plane that allows passengers to see what's going on outside.
The windows would be replaced by full-length screens allowing constant views of the sky and space outside.
Passengers would be able to switch the view on and off according to their preference, identify prominent sights by tapping the screen or just surf the internet.
Scientists and engineers at Centre for Process Innovation (CPI) called it "the windowless cabin with a view".
They said, "The days of glimpsing the world through a tiny plastic porthole when you fly are soon to be a thing of the past; future aircrafts will offer a crystal clear panoramic view without any windows at all. We are developing ultra-flexible, high-definition display technologies that could line the interior walls of cabins and display live footage from external cameras."
As well as surrounding passengers with a panoramic view of the skies, this interactive 'digital wallpaper' will allow travellers to personalize their environment providing options to adjust lighting or change the view. It could also be used as a multimedia device for in-flight entertainment.
Using OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode ) technology, the thin, bendable and lightweight displays screens will blend with the fuselage and surfaces such as seatbacks optimizing space and reducing the weight of the aircraft.
Weight is a constant issue on any aircraft with over 80 per cent of the fully laden weight being the aircraft itself along with its fuel. For every 1 per cent reduction in weight the approximate fuel saving is 0.75 per cent.
They added, "If you save weight, you save fuel. And less fuel means less CO2 emissions into the atmosphere and lower operational cost. Windows currently require meticulous construction to ensure that their structure maintains cabin pressure and resists cracking at 35,000 feet. Fully integrated OLED technology is still in development across the globe."
Simon Ogier , research and development manager at CPI, said, "Our role is to turn innovative technology concepts such as OLED displays into manufactured products."

Stage all set for next big bull run; retail investors will lead: expertsYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian markets have a long way to go; retail investors to lead next leg of rally
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 01.11PM IST
(Rakesh Jhunjhunwala,…)
NEW DELHI: It's not the first time that analysts across brokerage firms have reaffirmed their faith in Indian equity markets; however, what is more surprising is the fact that they see retail investors contributing in a big way going forward.
Benchmark indices have rallied over 26 per cent so far in the year 2014, fuelled by strong global liquidity and a reform push by the Modi government.
"I strongly believe that equity markets have a long way to go. It is true that we had a fast and quick run in the market and that made lot of investors cautious, especially the retail investors who are still avoiding the market because of their bad experience maybe five or six years ago. Also, because of very low valuation of companies during 2011 and 2012," says Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India.
"This has created some kind of a fear element in the market for retail investors. Generally, they (retail investors) tend to avoid the market. In fact, FIIs have been the major participant of this bull run," he adds.
Veliyath strongly believes that the next leg of the bull run will be supported by domestic buying.
Experts feel the bull market in India still remains intact and investors with a long-term horizon should not worry too much about small corrections and keep adding quality stocks on every fall.
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, partner, Rare Enterprise, is of the view that the bull run will last for the next two decades. "But of course there will be serious corrections," he says.
Equity contribution to domestic savings has been at its lowest at 0.5 per cent. It was around 10 per cent during the peak period of Harshad Mehta days and also in 2007.
"The reason for this is the big bear market from 2008 to 2013 which devastated retail investors. Now that the market has been acquiring higher peaks, we can see retail investors coming back gradually," says S K Goel, Director, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Having learnt the lesson the hard way, retail money is likely to come through mutual funds which have seen a rise in inflows. Goel is of the view that we are likely to witness a rise in the retail flow into the market this year.
Equity mutual fund schemes have turned attractive with investors putting in a staggering Rs 34,000 crore in them during the first half of 2014-15, PTI said in a report last week.
As per the latest data available with the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI), investors have pumped in a net amount of Rs 33,790 crore in equity-oriented MF schemes in the April-September period.
Given the fact that markets globally are looking weak largely on account of growth worries, there is always a possibility that there could be a 'time consolidation' in the market, which could carry on till about December or January, say experts.
Levels of 7700-7800 on the Nifty will act as a strong base for the index and most analysts do not see it drifting below that despite uncertain global set-up.
"I do not see too much of correction and 7800 will act as a good base. The indications are positive for India. Even if the global markets become soft, the market for them to invest in will be India, and India will continue to attract a lot of foreign investment," says Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President of Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd.
"Domestic retail is also getting into the act. A couple of good IPOs and we could end up seeing a lot of retail investors coming back to the market," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys aspires to be bellwether of Indian IT industry again: SikkaInfosys aspires to be bellwether of Indian IT industry again: Sikka
Google marks centenary of Jonas Salk who developed polio vaccineGoogle marks centenary of Jonas Salk who developed polio vaccine
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 28:  
Marking the 100th birth anniversary of Jonas Salk, the man behind the polio vaccine, Google on Tuesday came out with a doodle on its home page.
Born on October 18, 1914, the American researcher and virologist was a part of a team working on a vaccine against polio in 1942. Salk later went on to head the Virus Research Lab at the University of Pittsburgh by 1947 and began preliminary testing of the polio vaccine in 1952.
Salk was able to identify three different polio viruses, which helped him develop a vaccine to combat the disease. It was in 1955 that the vaccine was declared a success.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

SoftBank buys $627 mn stake in e-retailer Sn...You are here: Home > Collections
SoftBank buys $627 million stake in online retailer Snapdeal
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(Japan's SoftBank Corp said…)
NEW DELHI: Jasper Infotech, which owns and operates online marketplace Snapdeal.com, has raised $627 million (Rs 3,845 crore) from Japanese internet, media and telecom conglomerate SoftBank, the largest single tranche investment in an Indian e-commerce company.
The investment, which closed earlier this month, will make SoftBank the largest stakeholder in Delhi-based Snapdeal, which has now raised close to a $1 billion (Rs 6,132.5 crore) in the current calendar year.
India's e-commerce sector is on fire, especially after Amazon entered the country last June. With some of the biggest retailers in the world jostling to get a piece of action in India, e-commerce companies in the country are riding a wave. For instance, while e-Bay is banking on Snapdeal, both Amazon and Walmart are pushing aggressively to conquer what is fast becoming the last frontier for them.
The investment has been made through SoftBank's recently created unit, SoftBank Internet and Media Inc (SIMI), which is headed by Nikesh Arora, who joined the company earlier this year, from technology behemoth Google, and who has been given the responsibility to aggressively scout for opportunities in emerging markets.
Arora will be joining the Snapdeal board.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper internet access, a big growth potential," Arora said in a press statement.
The company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management. To strengthen its technology efforts, it will open innovation centres across the country.
It will also look to make three to four strategic acquisitions over the next few months.
The SoftBank transaction follows Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata's investment in Snapdeal, in his personal capacity, and which was announced in August earlier this year. Prior to that, the company had raised $105 million in May and $134 million in February.
SoftBank's investment is part of a larger round, in which Snapdeal's existing investors, a list that includes, eBay, BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, PremjiInvent, the personal investment arm of Wipro Technologies chairman Azim Premji and hedge funds Myriad Asset Management and Tybourne Capital, have also participated.
Snapdeal co-founder and chief executive Kunal Bahl, however, refused to disclose the exact size of the round.
The deal marks the biggest bet taken by Masayoshi Son-led SoftBank on an Indian company., dwarfing the $200 million the investor had pumped into mobile advertising firm InMobi in 2011. Separately, SoftBank has also invested $210 million in Mumbai-based ANI Technologies, which owns and operates Olacabs, an online marketplace for cabs and car rental services.
The strategic investor, which was also an early backer of Yahoo, has a trophy investment in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba. Its stake in Alibaba was worth more than $70 billion when the company listed in New York last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GP workers continue strike as negotiations failUpdated: October 28, 2014 14:11 IST
GP workers continue strike as negotiations fail
Kumar Buradikatti
Tweet
Hundreds of gram panchayat workers, who launched an indefinite demonstration outside the Zilla Panchayat here on Monday, continued their agitation on Tuesday as the negotiations between the workers’ representatives and the chief executive officer (CEO) failed.
The panchayat workers have been agitating under the aegis of the Karnataka State Gram Panchayat Employees’ Association that is affiliated to the Centre of India Trade Unions.
The workers said that they would continue the strike till the authorities concerned came forward with concrete assurances to address all their demands. “The CEO did not positively respond to our demands. We are left with no option but to continue agitation,” said Amaresh Kannal from CITU.
Mr. Kannal said that based on the Supreme Court order, the state government had termed all appointments made by Gram Panchayat without prior-approval from Zilla Panchayat since 1994 as illegal and issued an order in this regard. The move was likely to render 50,000 workers jobless. Owing to workers’ resistance, the government withdrew its order and decided to regularise their services. “However, the workers have been deprived of their legitimate promotion opportunities as the fresh order denies retrospective service seniority since 1994,” he pointed out and demanded the government to recognise the service of all workers from the date of their appointment.
No payments
Some workers said that 70 per cent of 1,600 workers under 165 gram panchayats in the district were not paid wages for the last 30 months. They also alleged that labour laws, including Minimum Wages Act 1948, were not being followed in gram panchayats.

Govt unveils e-tool for kin of deceased abroadGovt unveils e-tool for kin of deceased abroad
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
With a view to helping the relatives and friends of those deceased abroad, the Union Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs (MOIA) has launched a tool on the Ministry’s website www.moia.gov.in .
“It also helps in tracking the status of the application. All the District Collectors have been asked to publicise this facility in their respective districts,” an official of the Andhra Pradesh Government said on Tuesday.
This online module will help the kin to apply online for transportation of mortal remains of the deceased emigrant in any of the ECR (Emigration Check Required) countries. The application will be directed to the Indian Missions in the country for processing and initiate measures to transport the mortal remains to India.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Allied ICD Services certified as authorised operatorAllied ICD Services certified as authorised operator
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 28:  
Allied ICD Services Ltd, an Inland Container Depot based in Durgapur, West Bengal, was certified as an ‘Authorised Economic Operator’ (AEO) on October 22 by the Indian Customs.
An Authorised Economic Operator or AEO is involved in the international movement of goods approved by a national Customs administration and which complies with the WCO SAFE Framework of Standards or equivalent supply chain security standards.
According to Pramod Kumar Srivastava, Director and CEO of Allied ICD, this is an achievement for the company.
“The inland port is equipped with modern infrastructure and we strive to achieve the highest standards of security to meet customer expectations,” he was quoted as per a release issued by the company.
Authorised Economic Operators have a special status as they enjoy various benefits in Customs processes, import, export and physical surveillance.
ICD Durgapur was inaugurated in 2006 with the idea of decongesting ports in West Bengal. It has a capacity of carrying 5,000 containers per month.
Allied ICD Services Ltd is a part of ‘The PDP Group’ which provides door-to-door logistics service.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Telangana govt tells farmers to grow crops that require less waterTelangana govt tells farmers to grow crops that require less water
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Telangana Government has asked farmers to go for crops that require less water. It wanted them to shun paddy this season, keeping in view the unfavourable weather conditions.
State Agriculture Minister Pocharam Srinivasa Reddy and Principal Secretary Poonam Malakondaiah held a review meeting on Tuesday with officials to take stock of the kharif crop and to discuss the rabi plan.
The meeting also discussed the losses caused by the untimely rains last week and measures to be taken to help farmers sell cotton.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Telangana issues GO on Shaadi Mubarak schemeTelangana issues GO on Shaadi Mubarak scheme
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Telangana Government has issued a Government order, announcing a financial assistance of Rs 51,000 to the poor minority families for the wedding of their daughters. Brides, whose family income doesn’t exceed Rs 2 lakh, will be eligible to receive the assistance from the Government.
The Order said that the families can get the money in advance, if their applications are submitted before one month of the wedding day.
The other eligibility criteria are that the brides should be above 18 years of age and residents of Telangana.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Ranbaxy posts Q2 profit at Rs 478 cr | Ralli...Ranbaxy posts Q2 profit at Rs 478 crore
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 02.03PM IST
Tags:
Ranbaxy
(The company posted a profit…)
NEW DELHI: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on account of robust sales.
The company had posted a net loss after tax, minority interest and share in loss of associates of Rs 454.16 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a filing to BSE.
Consolidated net sales of the company stood at Rs 3,218 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 2,750.17 crore for the same period year ago, it added.
Commenting on the quarterly performance, Ranbaxy CEO and Managing Director Arun Sawhney said: "During the quarter, growth in base business was driven by India and Western Europe. In the US we successfully launched Valsartan with 180 days exclusivity."
The company's focus continues to be on creating brands and providing differentiated products as future growth drivers, he added.
Shares of Ranbaxy Laboratories were today trading at Rs 640 per scrip in the afternoon trade on BSE, up 7.10 per cent from its previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Factbox: How Ebola spreads and startedWest Africa is struggling with the worst Ebola outbreak on record that has killed more than 4,900 people. Two nurses in the United States and one nurse in Spain have contracted Ebola outside of Africa.
Here are some interesting facts about the outbreak:
Ebola has killed 4,922 people, or about 50 percent of 10,141 confirmed, probable and suspected cases, mostly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, according to the UN's World Health Organization. It says the true death toll may be three times as much or 15,000 people, while the death rate is thought to be about 70 percent of all cases.   
A digitally colourised scanning electron micrograph depiction shows numerous filamentous Ebola virus particles in green, budding from a chronically infected VERO E6 cell in orange at 25,000X magnification in this undated handout picture from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. (Reuters)
Ebola emerged in a remote forest region of Guinea in March and has also turned up in Nigeria, Senegal and Mali. Health officials declared Nigeria and Senegal Ebola-free in October.
There is no vaccine or cure for Ebola, a hemorrhagic fever. In past outbreaks, fatality rates have reached up to 90 percent. Ebola causes fever, flu-like pains, bleeding, vomiting and diarrhea.
Pharmaceutical companies are working on experimental Ebola vaccines and antiviral drugs, but a significant number of doses will not be available until at least the first quarter of 2015.
Ebola is not airborne. It is transmitted through blood, vomit, diarrhea and other bodily fluids. Healthcare workers in West Africa have been among the hardest hit by the outbreak.
Ebola symptoms generally appear between two and 21 days after infection, meaning there is a significant window during which an infected person can escape detection, allowing them to travel. However, they are not considered contagious until they start showing symptoms.
US Army General Charles H Jacoby Jr. (R), commander of US Northern Command and NORAD, observes an instructor during the Department of Defense medical support team training at the San Antonio Military Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas. (Reuters)
Recovery from Ebola depends on the patient's immune response. People who recover from Ebola infection develop antibodies that last for at least 10 years. 
Ebola patients have been treated in the United States, Spain, Germany, France, Norway and the United Kingdom.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has estimated that the number of infections could rise to up to 1.4 million people by early next year without a massive global intervention to contain the virus.
On this October 26, 2014 photo provided by attorney Steven Hyman shows nurse Kaci Hickox in an isolation tent at University Hospital in Newark, New Jersy. (AP photo)
 
The United States, Britain, France, China, Cuba and international organizations are pouring funds, supplies and personnel into the affected parts of West Africa.
Ebola's suspected origin is forest bats. The virus was first identified in 1976 in what is now known as Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 
SOURCE: World Health Organization and U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
 

SC pulls up Centre over delay in Delhi govt decision  Kejriwal pitches for fresh pollsSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Bhatinda Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 28, 2014, 02.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bhatinda Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Bhatinda Chemicals has submitted a copy of the Minutes of Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bhatinda Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Bhatinda Chemicals has submitted a copy of the Minutes of Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bhatinda Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sreechem Resins: Outcome of AGMOct 28, 2014, 02.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sreechem Resins: Outcome of AGM
Sreechem Resins has submitted a copy of Minutes of the Annual General Meeting of the Company, held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sreechem Resins: Outcome of AGM
Sreechem Resins has submitted a copy of Minutes of the Annual General Meeting of the Company, held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sreechem Resins Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Minutes of the Annual General Meeting of the Company, held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Trimurthi Drugs Pharmaceuticals: Board meeting on Nov 08  2014Oct 28, 2014, 02.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Trimurthi Drugs & Pharmaceuticals: Board meeting on Nov 08, 2014
Trimurthi Drugs & Pharmaceuticals has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 08, 2014, to transact the following items of business thereat: 1. To review the performance of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Trimurthi Drugs & Pharmaceuticals: Board meeting on Nov 08, 2014
Trimurthi Drugs & Pharmaceuticals has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 08, 2014, to transact the following items of business thereat: 1. To review the performance of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Trimurthi Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 08, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following items of business thereat:1. To review the performance of the Company.2. Consider, approve and take on record the unaudited financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Ranbaxy returns to profit in Q2 on robust volumesHi Guest
Ranbaxy returns to profit in Q2 on robust volumes
Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories on Monday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore (Rs 4.77 billion)for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on account of robust sales. The company had posted a net loss after tax, minority interest and share in loss of associates of Rs 454.16 crore (Rs 4.54 billion) for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a filing to BSE. Consolidated net sales of the company stood at Rs 3,218 crore (Rs 32.18 billion) for ...

Adani taps MStanley to help sell Australia port stakeAdani taps MStanley to help sell Australia port stake
Govt. formation in Delhi: AAP  Congress fire salvos at BJPGovt. formation in Delhi: AAP  Congress fire salvos at BJP
IndiaOnline.in launches unique  City Portals  for 350 cities of IndiaIndiaOnline.in launches unique  City Portals  for 350 cities of India
Buy Amara Raja Batteries: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Amara Raja Batteries: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com is of the view that one may buy Amara Raja Batteries at current level.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " Amara Raja Batteries - this is a clear higher-tops and higher-bottoms case and for last one month stock was facing some resistance near to Rs 660 to 665. However, today it has broken that resistance with very good volumes. So the technical target comes at Rs 750 but if you are a trader you can set the target of around Rs 700 you can buy the stock at current levels and keep a stoploss below Rs 660."
At 14:53 hrs Amara Raja Batteries was quoting at Rs 660.55, up Rs 33.30, or 5.31 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 679.90.
RELATED NEWS

Capturing the glitz and glamour of the six-day fashion fiestaYou are here » Home » India Couture Week 2014
India Couture Week 2014
In a first of sorts, clothes took a backseat and jewelled accessories like necklaces, bracelets and earrings took centrestage as the curtains came down on India couture week on Sunday.
Jul
Inspired by the desire to capture moments of beauty and make them timeless, keeping in mind the modern  Indian bride, Manish Malhotra presented a collection titled ‘Potraits’ on the
Jul
Day two of the ongoing India couture week saw collections by two designers who stuck to their roots.  While Rina Dhaka translated traditional gota patti work into ethno-modern silhouettes
Jul
Replicating the interiors of a vintage luxury train, the stage was set for Sabyasachi’s Ferozabad collection that kicked off Fashion Design Council of India’s (FDCI) India couture week on Tuesday
FC NEWSLETTER
Stay informed on our latest news!
E-mail: *
William D. Green
Chairman & CEO, Accenture

Bringing you full coverage of the PM s jam-packed schedule in the USYou are here » Home » Modi in US
Modi in US
It is time to set a new agenda in Indo-US ties: Modi and Obama
By PTI
Terming the Indo-US relationship as "robust, reliable and enduring", Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama today said the true potential of the ties was yet to be
Sep
BlackRock to host global investors meet in India next year
By PTI
World's largest asset manager Blackrock will host a global investors meet in India next year, CEO Laurence Flik conveyed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
With total asset under management
PM meets top US CEOs; pitches India story,lists priority areas
By PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Once-banned Modi woos diaspora at giant New York rally
By Reuters
In a glitzy show of lights, lasers and slogans, prime minister Narendra Modi delivered a triumphal address to tens of thousands of Indian-Americans and US dignitaries in New York on
Sep
Modi uses concert to invoke youth power, send peace message
By R Srividhya
If he played the drums in Japan, it was a rock concert in New York that Prime Minister Modi chose to connect to the youth in the US during his
Sep
Why G-5, G-20 and so on? asks Modi, Let's have G-All
By PTI
Known for his flair for catchy punchlines, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today coined a new term 'G-All' at the United Nations.
Modi mooted this while articulating the need for the
UN not the forum to raise Kashmir issue: Modi
By R Srividhya
India was keen on bilateral talks with Pakistan without the shadow of terrorism, as long as Pakistan creates the appropriate environment, the Prime Minister Mr Modi. The Kashmir issue

Himachal Futuristic CommunicationCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

MCX market share jumps to 86%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Financial Technologies shares hit new low  bounce backE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

6 ideas on how to build and protect company culture0
• Jack Keenan , managing director of Chicago-based commercial real estate firm JLL Inc., on considering culture as startups expand into new space:
I’ve seen young companies spend way too much money on their space because they wanted to project a certain type of image. But when they were the happiest and most creative, they were in an old loft someplace sweating it out working in less-than-ideal conditions and furniture, but they were in the trenches fighting. So you need your space ultimately to fit the mentality and culture of what you do.
• Desiree Rogers , CEO of Johnson Publishing Co., which owns the Ebony and Jet magazine brands and Fashion Fair Cosmetics, on leading through change:
Transitions require patience. People need to feel that the leader knows directionally where we’re going. It's not what was done before, so every day that you can stay on that same path and build that next brick going forward, the more buy-in, the more understanding, the more people will come together and start thinking about ideas to build the next brick together. That's where you get the momentum, and I think in 2014 that's where we are.
• Thomas Parkinson , co-founder, CTO and senior VP of Skokie-based grocery delivery company Peapod, on building a Chicago “Propulsion Lab” for its technical team:
It’s about getting all the technical people away from the slightly more bureaucratic scene. I’m trying to get it like the early days where things moved really quickly and give more independence to the group. I walk in there and I feel like I’m at the old Peapod.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Xiaomi promises peace of mind for Indian users with local data centresE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bilawal Bhutto booed during Kashmir  Million March  in UKPrint
PPP's leader Bilawal Bhutto.
By: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 27, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 6:30 pm
A protest march by a UK-based pro-Pakistan group on the Kashmir issue in the heart of London today fizzled out as barely a few hundred protesters gathered to wave placards and flags.
The so-called ‘Million March’ from Trafalgar Square to Downing Street descended into chaos as Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) chairperson Bilawal Bhutto Zardari stepped on to the makeshift stage to speak.
The crowd began booing and throwing empty plastic bottles and refused to let him speak.
“This march was to be about Kashmir and for the welfare of Kashmiris. Bilawal has no business being here,” said a group of angry protesters who had travelled from Derby in the East Midlands region of England.
The march was led by Barrister Sultan Mahmood Chaudhry, referred to as a former prime minister of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK), and was supported by Mirpuri-origin British parliamentarian Lord Nazir Ahmed of Rotherham.
While the group had claimed overwhelming support from various communities for the march, others had dismissed it as against the “national interest of the people of Jammu and Kashmir”.
A counter-protest held by a rival group on Sunday ended with memorandums submitted for the prime ministers of India and Pakistan at their high commissions here.
The memorandums urged both India and Pakistan to “respect the fundamental human rights of all citizens of Jammu and Kashmir”.

Xiaomi Plans to Set Up India Customer Data CentreYou are here: Home Corporates
Xiaomi Plans to Set Up India Customer Data Centre
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 14:45 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc has said it plans to set up a data centre in India next year to store local user data, as the fast-growing company seeks to deflect concerns about privacy that could hamper its efforts to expand overseas.
The move by privately-owned Xiaomi comes after it said last week it was migrating some data on non-Chinese customers away from its servers in Beijing due to performance and privacy considerations.
Xiaomi, whose low-priced but feature-rich smartphones have made it the biggest smartphone vendor in China, entered India this year with plans to invest heavily to secure rapid growth in the world's third-largest smartphone market.
It sells its phones in India via Flipkart.com, the country's biggest online retailer, and said last month it planned to sell 100,000 phones a week in the country in October.
On Monday, Xiaomi said it had been moving Indian user data from its Beijing data centre to data centres of Amazon Web Services, the cloud computing platform of the online retailer Amazon.com Inc, in Singapore and the United States since early 2014.
It said the process would be completed by the end of the year.
Xiaomi has faced several privacy controversies, including accusations from international security researchers and a government agency in Taiwan that it funnels unauthorised user data back to its servers in Beijing. Indian media reported last week that the country's air force had issued alerts to its personnel and their families against using Xiaomi phones on security concerns.
The Chinese company said on Monday that it was attempting to contact Indian authorities for more details on local media reports, adding that it did not collect user data without permission.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Mutual Funds exposure to bank stocks drops to Rs 55 398 cr in SeptE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money row: Three named deny wrongdoingNEW DELHI: The three people who were named in the central government's affidavit submitted to the Supreme Court over black money stashed abroad denied either holding any foreign bank account or having any illegal account.
Dabur Group dubs govt move 'unfortunate'
The Dabur Group termed it as 'extremely unfortunate' that the Narendra Modi-led government has named one of its former executives, Pradip Burman, in the list of people having money in safe havens abroad to the Supreme Court, saying every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush.
"Account was opened when he (Pradip Burman) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account. Followed all laws and complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily filed with the IT Dept and appropriate taxes paid," said the statement issued by the Dabur Group.
"Unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush," the statement added.
The Centre today revealed the names of three people having black money stashed abroad in its affidavit to the apex court.
Pradip Burman, former Director of Dabur group, Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, a Rajkot based bullion trader and Radha S Timbola, a Goa based miner, reportedly feature in the much awaited list.
The three business persons have been charged under various sections of the Income Tax Act and Money Laundering Act.
The ruling BJP had raised the issue of black money during the campaigning for the 2014 Lok Sabha and repeatedly questioned the stand of the former Congress-led UPA regime.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team, headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had parked USD 462 billion in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Earlier, the government had told the apex court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as it this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
Will have to study govt affidavit first: Timblo
Goan mining magnate Radha S. Timblo, who is among the three individuals accused by the Centre of stashing black money in Swiss banks, said that she needs to study the government's affidavit to the apex court before commenting.
"I will have to study the affidavit first," she said when asked for her comment, and added that she will give her reaction to the Supreme Court.
Timblo, runs Timblo Pvt. Ltd from Goa, one of the many mining companies accused of carrying out illegal mining by the Justice M. B. Shah commission, which exposed a Rs. 35,000 crore illegal mining scam in the state.
Timblo, along with Dabur's Pradip Burman and Rajkot-based builder Pankaj Lodhia has been named by the central government in its affidavit for having black money stashed abroad.
Don't have foreign bank account: Lodhiya
Bullion trader and jeweller Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya on Monday denied having a Swiss bank account and any possession of black money, stating that he had already declared his assets to the Income Tax department.
"I don't have any Swiss bank accounts. I was on holiday and I received the news via the media myself. I do not know how my name came to be on that list because I have already declared all my assets," Lodhiya told ANI.
"I had already declared my possessions to the income tax department, and I am going to reply to the government on this allegation," he added. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Brussels warns Cameron over 2.1bn billBrussels warns David Cameron over €2.1bn bill payment
Alex Barker and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/983d76fa-5de3-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India Ordered to Improve Contract Terms in Online AuctionsYou are here: Home Corporates
Coal India Ordered to Improve Contract Terms in Online Auctions
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 21:48 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered Coal India Ltd (CIL) to change the way it supplies the dry fuel through certain online auctions, ruling that the current methods were abusing the company's dominant position.
The fair trade regulatordid not fine the state-owned miner, however. Last year, the regulator fined Coal India Rs 1,770 crore after finding that separate fuel supply agreements had imposed unfair conditions on customers.
In the orders unveiled on Monday, CCI said that under existing contracts Coal India and its units would penalise companies that did not end up buying contracted amounts of coal won over some of its online auctions. But the company would not assume responsibility if it failed to supply the coal on time.
That arrangement was "a result of market power exercised by Coal India and its subsidiaries", the regulator said in its statement, ruling that it amounted to "imposing unfair conditions upon the bidders".
CCI thus ordered Coal India to implement a "modification of the terms and conditions" to its contracts.
A Coal India spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment.
Coal India holds a monopoly on commercial coal mining, accounting for more than 80 per cent of India's total production.
The government took a major step towards reforming India's chaotic power industry last week by signalling an intent to open commercial coal mining to private companies, a measure it hopes will boost production of a raw material needed to generate three-fifths on India's power supply.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Trade negotiators should own up to their ambitionOctober 27, 2014 5:58 pm
Transatlantic trade negotiators should own up to their ambition
Pascal Lamy
Consumers fear the transatlantic pact will cost them their safeguards, writes Pascal Lamy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d69d4496-5a07-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mobile Payment Wars Heat Upmobile payment wars heat up
Govt to set up new process to appoint state bank officialsGovernment to set up new process to appoint state bank officials
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 12:08 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
The government decided late on Monday to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
As a result, eight posts of bank chiefs and 14 posts of their deputies will fall vacant and have to be filled up "de novo", the finance ministry said in a statement, without giving further details.
The move comes months after an investigation began into whether the head of state-controlled Syndicate Bank took bribes to roll over a loan to family-controlled Bhushan Steel .
The investigation not only raised broader concerns about weak oversight, corruption and politically directed lending at state banks, but also brought into focus irregularities in appointments at the banks.
In its wake, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration set up a panel, which also included Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan, to examine the process adopted this fiscal year for appointing top management at state banks.
Stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - currently amount to about 10 per cent of all loans, making banks circumspect over lending. Fitch Ratings expects stressed assets to reach 14 per cent of loans by March next year.
While a sluggish economy is the main reason for a rise in distressed assets, an RBI report in August also blamed lending to certain "excessively leveraged" groups.

Rupee Falls to 61.41/Dollar Ahead of Fed MeetYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 61.41/Dollar Ahead of Fed Meet
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 13:34 (IST)
The rupee was trading at 61.33 a dollar, little changed from Monday's close of 61.30/31, after touching a low of 61.41 per dollar during the day.
Traders said the euro holding up against the dollar is supporting the rupee.
There was some dollar selling from custodian banks earlier in the session, they said.
Most expect the pair to trade around these levels for the rest of the day.
All eyes are on the Fed meet due October 28-29.
The 50-share Nifty index was up 0.22 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Madison Square explores breakup© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40427f5e-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India ranks 114 out of 142 nations on WEF s Gender Gap ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ruchi Soya Jumps; India May Hike Import Taxes on Cooking OilYou are here: Home Market
Ruchi Soya Jumps; India May Hike Import Taxes on Cooking Oil
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 10:35 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Ruchi Soya Industries Ltd jumped as much as 7.3 per cent today.
Government is considering raising import taxes on crude and refined vegetable oils to protect local farmers and the refining industry, two government sources said on Monday, as purchases by the world's top importer are expected to hit a record this year.
The government could increase duties on both crude and refined vegetable oils by more than 5 percentage points, said one official who is involved in making the decision.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Brent Falls Towards $85 Amid Supply glut  Lower Price ForecastsYou are here: Home Commodities
Brent Falls Towards $85 Amid Supply glut, Lower Price Forecasts
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:05 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Tokyo: Brent crude extended its decline to a third day, dropping towards $85 a barrel on Tuesday, still under pressure from a Goldman Sachs report that slashed oil price forecasts amid a global supply glut.
Citing rising production and insufficient demand, Goldman Sachs on Sunday cut its forecast for Brent to $85 a barrel from $100 for the first quarter of 2015 and reduced its projection for US crude to $75 from $90.
Analysts from other major banks have also cut forecasts for 2014 and 2015 crude oil prices, citing global growth concerns, a strengthening dollar and ample supplies.
"It will take time to mop up this excess supply," said Tony Nunan, oil risk manager at Tokyo's Mitsubishi Corp.
"It will take either a major OPEC cut or it will take a slowdown in shale oil. And the wild card would be a major disruption in Libya or Iraq, which could happen still."
London Brent crude for December delivery was trading 22 cents lower at $85.61 a barrel by 0743 GMT, after dropping 30 cents by the close on Monday.
US crude for December delivery was down 21 cents at $80.79 a barrel. The West Texas Intermediate futures hit $79.44 on Monday, the lowest level since June 2012.
The dollar's weakness amid expectations of more dovish comments from the US Federal Reserve, due to kick-off its closely watched two-day policy review later in the session, provided some support to oil prices.
There was more consensus among the analysts that project lower oil prices to continue through next year.
"Unless the sudden cold air mass invaded New York or something, it would take until next spring to clear the oil stockpiles that have already built up," said Kaname Gokon, general manager of research at Okato Shoji in Tokyo.
"The market sentiment is not going to change till then."
OPEC meet
Also hurting investor sentiment was news that China's industrial profit growth slowed in the first nine months, reinforcing signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) next month in Vienna is shaping up to be one of the most important in years, with Brent having lost more than $30 from a mid-June peak on the supply-demand imbalance.
Some OPEC members, such as Saudi Arabia, Iran and Kuwait, have indicated the group is unlikely to cut output to bolster oil prices that hit a near four-year low this month. Other members have said they would support cuts, but little momentum has built around the idea of cutting production targets for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis.
Saudi Arabia has been quietly signalling that it is comfortable with prices below $90 and has been slashing its crude prices to Asian customers to compete for market share, sparking talks of an oil price war.
Still, the kingdom, the world's top oil exporter, supplied less crude to the market in September than a month earlier, an industry source said last week, even though its output rose.
"Even if they don't come to some agreement on a cut, Saudi will probably cut on their own," Nunan said. "It may not be an official announcement but they will reduce their production in line with demand, if customers are not asking for crude."
Despite disruption in producers such as Libya and Iraq, global oil supply remains high.
In the United States, commercial crude stocks were forecast to have increased 3.5 million barrels last week, while stocks of distillate and gasoline likely fell, according to a preliminary Reuters survey ahead of weekly inventory reports out of the world's biggest oil consumer.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issued its report later in the day, and the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) will follow with its weekly data on Wednesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Woman trampled to death while posing for a photo with an elephant in KeralaOne of NP Jayan’s photographs at the exhibition
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 11:44 am
A woman tourist from Gujarat was trampled to death while trying to pose for a photograph with an elephant at Kerala’s hill station Munnar on Monday evening.
Police identified the victim as Dipali, 27, wife of Rinkesh. The family hails from Rajpipla city in Narmada district in Gujarat. The woman, a school teacher, met with the tragic end in front of her husband and four year old son. They were among 14-member tourists from Gujarat.
Quoting eye witnesses, police said Dipali and others were posing for photographs with the elephant, used for safari. While standing near the elephant, she was hit by its trunk and fell down in between the animal legs. A worried Dipali tried to get up, but got under the leg of the elephant in the presence of the other members of the tour group.
She was rushed to a nearby hospital, but died later. The body would be flown to Gujarat by noon.

CME eyes Korea Exchange stakeCME eyes Korea Exchange stake
Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e73226a-5e5a-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nokias transformation is winning plauditsNokia hopes it is on cusp of its greatest transformation yet
Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd15db4e-5b9c-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hopeful of more defence reforms in future: Deba Mohanty08:00 am
The Narendra Modi-led BJP government has clearly outlined that it wants to upgrade the Indian armed forces. Towards that end, defence minister Arun Jaitley has announced several defence reforms measures recently, key among them was the move to increase foreign direct investment from 26 percent to 49 percent.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, Deba Mohanty, chairman and chief executive, Indicia Research and Advisory, a defence consultany, and a former FICCI defence committee member, said that he was hopeful of more reforms beyond the move to hike FDI.
“Within 15 days of taking charge, Jaitley had called for ‘more procurement and faster procurement’,” he said. “In the last three defence acquisition council meetings, the government has already cleared more than Rs 120,000 crore of purchases.”
Below is the edited transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: There was a lot of publicity for the move to allow 49 percent FDI for manufacturing defence equipment. Have you noticed any other reform measures and procedures that the new government has initiated?
A: Before I come to that, I must point you to a significant statement that was made by defence minister Arun Jaitley within 15 days of assuming charge when, speaking to reporters at the Western Naval Command in Mumbai, he called for ‘more procurement and faster procurement’.
We have already seen more procurement. In the last three defence acquisition council meetings, the government has already cleared more than Rs 120,000 crore of purchases. Faster procurement would also mean that the procedural bottlenecks, which have been hampering the defence procurement of the country and negatively impacting the military’s modernisation programme, are out on their way.
Apart from FDI, which the government has raised to 49 percent and even more on a case-to-case basis, they have simplified the licensing procedure, simplified the security clearance procedure, they are looking into a whole set of issues like refinement in the next defence procurement procedure, looking at the defence offsets obligation issues. So, a lot of homework has been made. Therefore, we should be hopeful of further reforms in time to come.
Sonia: In order to speed up the modernisation of the armed forces, the defence acquisition council has gone ahead and cleared Rs 80,000 crore worth of projects. What kind of realistic opportunity do you see for private sector players in this chunk and which are the companies that could benefit from this?
A: If you look at the last three-four years, we had three kinds of procurements: buy global, where the technology is not available, so you do outright purchases; you have buy-and-make, you buy something and then you make it through licence production; or you make products, where procurement is given to private sector to indigenously manufactured.
The number of make products have been very low -- less than half a dozen in the last three years but in the last four-five months, the government has given a thrust to the private sector. For instance, it has indicated two major projects may be possibly awarded to the private sector: the military transport aircraft and the submarine projects.
These are very huge projects and I am sure that the existing companies who have been there as a component supplier or as a bigger supplier to the Indian defence sector would be certainly benefited.
As far as the companies are concerned, we have half a dozen major companies who have been established players in defence although they may not have done any system manufacturing but they have manufactured very critical components of major defence items. Godrej Industries has been there, Tata has been an established player, the Mahindra and Larsen & Toubro are major players.
As far as this Rs 80,000 crore in which the submarine project has been – will a portion of that be awarded to the private sector? L&T has got a good amount of expertise in submarine and related ship building components. So, L&T could be looked at but apart from that, we must remember the other private companies are not defence-dependent companies; and only a portion of their activities are related to defence.
So, it will take a while for us, we need not be overtly optimistic but we can certainly be optimistic for the private sector which could get some kind of orders in time to come and these are projects that have just been announced. Now the nitty-gritty will start. So, we need to wait for a while in order to see where the water flows.
Latha: You said the defence minister announced that procurement will be faster. Has there been any actual change on the ground or are you only going by that pronouncement and you said Tata Group – is there any specific company that you will point out as benefiting?
A: As far as Tata Group is concerned, they have two good subsidiaries: Tata Power Strategic Electronic Division (SED) which is under Tata Power; and Tata Advance Systems and Tata Advance Materials, which are part of the Tata Group. They are not independently listed companies.
As far as your first point is concerned, about the number of projects which have been cleared - the fact that so many projects have been cleared in the last five months -- worth more than Rs 120,000 crore – it is unprecedented in the Indian procurement history. So, one can hope that speedy procurement will lead to faster implementation.
Sonia: The key issue in the defence sector for the last many years is that there has been a strong preference towards defence public sector undertaking (PSUs). Do you get a sense that this time around things will be different that a lot more preference will be given to the private sector as well and which defence PSUs would you back as the frontrunners?
A: There are only two listed defence PSUs: BEML  and BEL  and both are likely to do extremely well because they have got good order books and most of the defence electronic projects are awarded to BEL while BEML -- which was in controversy for some time though the CBI has made a closure report on that particular truck case -- will hopefully again bounce back to get more orders.
The Indian defence industry has been dominated and exclusively dominated by the defence public sector units, so most of the orders would naturally flow to them but if you look at the last ten years of effort of the government; be it the previous government or the current government, the essential effort has been to encourage the private sector.
In 2004-2005 there was this euphoria, which was created once the government opened it up for the private sector. The private sector became overtly enthusiastic but they needed to look at the complexity of the defence procurement mechanisms and the universe. The defence procurement ecosystem of the country, which used to be more complex and now with a lot of small changes that have occurred in the past few years, things are improving a bit. One need not be overtly pessimistic or overtly optimistic about things that are likely to come. But I think small changes will make big impact in time to come.
RELATED NEWS

Softbank Invests $840M in India Tech CompaniesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Court asks Kerala police to explain crime of Swiss national who attended Maoist meetPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:57 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:55 pm
The return of Swiss national Jonathan Baud, who is facing a case in Kerala on charges of attending a meeting to commemorate a suspected Maoist leader, would be further delayed. Baud is already overstaying in the country after his tourist visa had expired on September 16.
On Tuesday, the high court, which is hearing his petition to quash the FIR registered for violation of visa conditions, posted the case to November 6 for further argument.
After watching the video of his address in the meeting and going through the Malayalam translation of it, the court had observed that there was nothing objectionable in the speech that demands framing of the offence under section 14 (b) of the foreigners act. Judge P Ubaid had asked the prosecution to explain which condition of the visa regulations has the foreign national had violated.
On Tuesday, prosecution reiterated the argument that Baud had been on a tourist visa, and attending a political meeting was an offence under the law. It said Baud could not be considered as an innocent participant considering the fact that he had gone to the meeting held in a relatively unknown place in Kerala. That he tried to keep away from camera in the function shows that he was aware of the implications of attending the meeting, argued the prosecution.
Baud was arrested on July 28 after he attended the meeting held to commemorate Maoist leader Sinoj in his village Triprayar in Thrissur. After staying in judicial custody for 12 days, he was released on bail. Since then, he has been waiting to get the FIR quashed.
Baud’s counsel P Raveendranath said the police could not still pinpoint the offence against him. The police had earlier told the court that Baud had made a 15-minute speech at the meeting. After watching the video, it was clear that his address confined to mere self-introduction. There was nothing incriminating in the case diary also which was presented in the court on Tuesday. This is going to be a case of miscarriage of justice, said Raveendranath.
Director-General of Prosecutions T Asif Ali told The Indian Express that the government would have been very lenient towards Baud if Swiss Embassy would have approached the state for quashing the prosecution proceedings.
“Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had given an assurance to that effect to the Embassy officials. Instead, the Swiss youth is fighting his case alone. In fact, the Embassy has backed out from one of the conditions of the bail that it would give an undertaking in the court to the effect that Baud would be produced before the investigating officer whenever required. The Embassy has not so far furnished the undertaking. Baud, who is already overstaying, has failed to meet that bail condition, ’’ said Asif Ali.

US court summons Amitabh Bachchan over 1984 anti-Sikh riotsUS court summons Big B over 1984 riots
PTI  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 10:57 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:24 IST(1/11/2014)
Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan has been summoned by a US court  in an alleged human rights violation case filed by a Sikh rights group.
 
The US district court in Los Angeles on Monday issued the summons on a complaint filed by New York-based Sikh for Justice (SFJ) and two alleged victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
 
The victims Babu Singh Dukhiya is based in Delhi and Mohender Singh is based in California.
 
The court has directed Bachchan to respond in 21 days after he is served with the summons.
 
Running into 35-pages, the complaint alleges that Bachchan instigated people for violence, saying 'blood for blood'  after the assassination of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi.
 
In the past several years, SFJ has unsuccessfully tried to drag several Indian leaders to US courts in the alleged human rights violations cases.
Advertisement
Bachchan has been denying allegations of any role in the anti-Sikh riots, and in 2011 had even written a letter to Akal Takht pointing out that his maternal grandparents were Sikhs.

First launch in Algerian mkt seen in Q1FY16: Alembic PharmaWe had no presence in the West Asia and North Africa region
Pranav Amin
Director & President
Alembic Pharmaceuticals
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Pranav Amin, Director & President - International Business,  Alembic Pharmaceuticals spoke about the company’s plan to form a manufacturing joint venture company with Algeria’s Adwiya Mami SARL by acquiring around 49 percent equity in the latter. He said that the Algerian market has potential of USD 3 billion and he expects first launch in Q1FY16.
Also Read: Alembic Pharma expects API biz to grow 10% in FY15
Below is the verbatim transcript of Pranav Amin's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: Could you tell us how much revenue you are targeting in the Algerian market because it’s a USD 3 billion market. Could you give us any target if you have?
A: We haven’t given out a target as yet, but you are right it’s a USD 3 billion market and it’s an interesting market because there is still a lot of multinational presence there. The local industry is quite nascent so we believe there are opportunities there; there are some barriers to entry, so we believe that’s what we hope to build on within the next few years.
Ekta: I do understand that you will be picking up around 49 percent in the joint venture. What would be the investment in the joint venture and any sort of more financial details you could share with us?
A: In terms of an investment and you are right it is 49 percent because in Algeria you are not allowed to pick up more than 49 percent which is one of the barriers of entry. The other barrier of entry as I mentioned in the release is that locally manufactured products do get priority over imports, so if we do have something that we can manufacture locally and distribute then the imports could have little harder time getting into the country.
As regards investment and revenues, we haven’t disclosed that as yet. It is still early days. We expect the first launch to be in Q1 FY16 by then this get the plant; it’s already a very good plant which will start working on the permissions on the filings and hopefully by Q1 ’16 is when we should get idea of revenue.
Ekta: Can you give us a sense in terms of the reason to enter the Algerian market, would it be your first step to possibly enter the African continent maybe a little more aggressively and your entire plan to enter other markets or other emerging markets?
A: Our priority are biggest markets that we look at from the international side is of course the regulated markets, most of our research and development (R&D) focus in terms of product selection, product development goes into the US, Europe, Australia are some of the regulated markets. Having said that we thought that Alembic didn’t have any presence in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region and we have been studying the market for a while.
There is a lot of political instability as well in lot of these markets. We like Algeria because of the partner that we have there and the benefit that we can get in Algerian market, but our next phase would be definitely look at the entire territory from this operation and see if we can scale it up to the neighbourhood as well. There are interesting markets in Egypt, Morocco and all over northern Africa as well.
Anuj: In the last quarter your growth was essentially driven by domestic branded formulations business. Is that going to be the trend or would you expect international business to also show signs of growth over the next two-three quarters?
A: In the last six quarters or so the international business has grown at quite a rapid pace. We have said in the past few interviews that there was a lot of backlog last year which got covered up. Second, some of the new products haven’t got as much traction as we had expected. These are marketed through our partners. International generics should grow. It maybe another quarter or two, it may still be muted until we have a couple of new launches but I believe domestic is doing well and domestic will also continue growing as well.
Ekta: Out of your entire pie maybe one year down the line how much of your business will come in from the domestic business, how much of it will be international and within international how much will it be from the developed markets and maybe emerging markets?
A: We have said in our guidance that domestic we should grow faster than the market as regarding international on CAGR on two year we were expecting about 30 percent. We have already achieved most of those targets in terms of international, so next few quarters may be slower. As regard the emerging markets it is still a small pie for us – that’s something that we want to focus on in the future. We are working on some of the branded markets as well where we rejiged our strategy, new products, new product selection. Algeria and the MENA region is still going to be very early. Its Q1 next year when we will start commercial operation so we will get idea from then onwards.
Ekta: Any inorganic plans to enter other markets or organic as such, anything more in the future that we can expect?
A: In terms of markets as I mentioned the North American market, the European market, Brazil and Australia where we are focusing on. We do not have direct presence anywhere but that’s what we will be focusing on.
 
Alembic Pharma stock price
On December 05, 2014, Alembic Pharmaceuticals closed at Rs 443.00, down Rs 17.45, or 3.79 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 469.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 190.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 14.35 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.87. The latest book value of the company is Rs 33.40 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 13.26.
RELATED NEWS

JSW Steel fall over 4% after CBI enquiry on officialsOct 28, 2014, 12.31 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JSW Steel fall over 4% after CBI enquiry on officials
Shares of JSW Steel fell by over 4 percent in the backdrop of the CBI registering a Preliminary Enquiry (PE) against unknown officials of the company over alleged diversion of forest land for a mining project in Jharkhand.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Steel fall over 4% after CBI enquiry on officials
Shares of JSW Steel fell by over 4 percent in the backdrop of the CBI registering a Preliminary Enquiry (PE) against unknown officials of the company over alleged diversion of forest land for a mining project in Jharkhand.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  JSW Steel fell by over 4 percent in the backdrop of the CBI registering a Preliminary Enquiry (PE) against unknown officials of the company over alleged diversion of forest land for a mining project in Jharkhand.
Following this, JSW Steel's scrip lost 4.43 percent to Rs 1,180 on the BSE. On the NSE, it was down 4.32 percent to Rs 1,180.
The CBI had yesterday registered a PE against unknown officials of JSW Steel Private Limited and the Ministry of Environment and Forests over alleged diversion of forest land
for a mining project in Jharkhand.
Sources in the CBI said the clearance for the project for mining in Ankua reserve forest was given in 2013.
The allegation made by the CBI in the PE was that unknown officials of JSW and the Ministry of Environment and Forests entered into a criminal conspiracy for getting approval for this mining activity.
A JSW spokesperson, when asked to comment on the CBI move, had said yesterday, "We are not aware of any such move nor have we received any official communication to this effect."
RELATED NEWS

Victoria Beckham named most successful entrepreneur  Amit and Meeta Patel followE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Investors should wait for outcome of US Fed meet before taking positions  say analystsYou are here: Home > Collections
Investors should wait for outcome of US Fed meet before taking positions: Experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 01.25PM IST
(The outcome of the FOMC meet…)
NEW DELHI: The outcome of the two-day US Federal Open Markets Committee (FOMC) meet, which is scheduled to begin from today, is likely to dictate the trend for the global markets, including India, at least in the near term.
Global markets have been under pressure during the last couple of weeks, largely on account of slowdown in Europe, Middle East tensions, uncertainty over the rise in US interest rates and even Ebola.
The Federal Open Markets Committee (FOMC) is widely expected to wrap up the Fed's long-running bond purchasing program, known as quantitative easing or QE, this month. But more than that, global investors will watch out for comments on the direction of interest rates.
"The US FED meeting starts later today and they are most probably going to announce some interest rate policy which the market will wait with bated breath. The European banks' stress test - which has failed 25 banks - is a matter of concern," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President of Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd.
The outcome of the FOMC meet could very well spook the markets given the fact that the US Fed has come out with a lot of statements these days, which have moved the markets all over the place, say experts.
"Earlier in the month of October, the Fed came out with many different contradictory statements about interest rates or saving the world in terms of growth," said Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors.
"So, it is a wise move for a lot of people just to wait to see what the wording is from the US Fed - because that is what we would be looking at," he added.
Analysts, however, say that the correction is more of a short-term phenomenon and any downfall associated by the global trend should be used as a buying opportunity by long-term investors as India remains in a sweet spot.
Holland is of the view that we are now 95% through with the correction and from here on we can start to build on the gains on the Nifty as we go into the backend of the year.
India has a stable government with a mandate to take bold decisions to prop up the economy, crude oil prices are declining (Brent trading below 85/barrel against $101/barrel a year back) and falling inflations are some of the factors which auger well for the markets.
"The main factor that will drive the Nifty is the global markets and that has been the primary driver of the index over the last couple of weeks - when it slipped from 8100 to 7700 and then back to 8000," said Piyush Garg, EVP & CIO, ICICI Securities Ltd.
"Domestically, there are not many factors to suggest that the Nifty could move up in a big way. But my sense is that it will outperform the global markets on the downside dramatically," he added.
Garg is of the view that on the downside we will tend to definitely outperform the global markets and any downside, which is linked to global markets for India, is a buying opportunity.
There is always a possibility that there could be a time consolidation in the market, which could carry on till about December or January, say experts. The levels of 7700-7800 on the Nifty will act as a strong base for the index and most analysts do not see it drifting below that despite uncertain global set up.
"Even if the global markets become soft, the market for them to invest in will be India, and India will continue to attract a lot of foreign investment," said Bandyopadhyay of Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd.
"Domestic retail is also getting into the act. A couple of good IPOs and we could end up seeing a lot of retail investors coming back into the market," he added.
Analysts are also pinning hopes on the reform process, which has already started gathering momentum. Also, the winter session is coming up from mid-November.
Bandyopadhyay is of the view that there is a certain amount of nervousness in the global markets and investors are in a cautious mode. But things will move at a good pace for India and the markets will continue to gather momentum as far as India is concerned.
However, there is not denying about the fact that India cannot be immune to what is happening in the US and Europe, and investors in India should always remember that.
"We have seen the slide in the Indian market over the last one month. It was a reaction to what was happening in the European markets," said Manish Singh, Strategist & Head of Investments at Crossbridge Capital. But, in terms of lower oil prices, India will benefit from that, he added.
"India is again a macro story, because you are in an emerging market and are still dependent on exports more than domestic consumption. Now, falling inflation prices are very encouraging because that will spur PE investors to make up their mind that the RBI may go in for a rate cut," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Rises 100 Points; Sun Pharma Surges 4%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Gains Momentum in Late Trade; Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy Surge
NDTV | Updated On: October 28, 2014 14:56 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty gained some momentum in afternoon trade after remaining lackluster for most part of the session. The Sensex was up over 100 points to 26,869 while Nifty traded firm above 8,000 levels.
Top 10 Things to Know
1. Pharma shares were in the limelight today after Ranbaxy reported better-than-expected Q2 numbers. Ranbaxy shares surged over 6 per cent after its Q2 net profit rose to Rs 478 crore, beating analyst estimates of Rs 279 crore. Sun Pharma, which is in the process of acquiring Ranbaxy, rose over 4 per cent. Among other pharma stocks, Cipla and Aurobindo Pharma were up over 2 per cent.
2. Lupin also reported its Q2 numbers today. Its shares fell over 2 per cent after operating profit and margins lagged some analysts' estimates.
3. Banks continued to gain on rising hopes of an earlier-than-expected cut in interest rates by the RBI. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in a newspaper interview favoured interest rate cut. Most external members suggested a rate cut in RBI's September policy review. Goldman Sachs had earlier slashed its 2015 oil price forecasts, making it the most bearish among major financial institutions, following a near 25 per cent fall in crude prices over the past five months. Lower oil prices will help Reserve Bank of India's efforts to curb inflation. Bank Nifty was up 0.70 per cent.
4. Shares of ICICI Bank also got a boost today with Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML) maintaining buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,000 per share. The target implies an upside of over 25 per cent from its current level. ICICI Bank was up nearly 2 per cent.
5. Hindustan Unilever extended its decline today, falling over 1 per cent. The stock fell over 5 per cent yesterday after it warned that India's consumer spending will remain weak.
6. The rupee was trading at 61.33 a dollar, little changed from Monday's close of 61.30/31, after touching a low of 61.41 per dollar during the day.
7. Market experts see Nifty remaining range-bound in the near term. Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking said Nifty may remain in a range of 7,700 to 8,200 over the next few months, with global cues taking the front seat. In terms of corporate earnings, there is not going to be huge amount of re-rating happening with earnings growth expected to remain subdued in this quarter and the next, he added.
8. Asian equities ended mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of a Federal Reserve two-day meeting which starts later in the day.
9. European markets were higher in early trade today.
10. The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 14:56 (IST)

Sensex jumps over 100 points; Sun Pharma up 5%Sensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Talks gather pace on sale of Indian patrol vessels toVietnamPrime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung as his wife Tran Thanh Kiem looks on during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
By: Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:41 pm
Talks are gathering pace on the sale of Indian naval patrol vessels to Vietnam, an Indian official said, the first significant military transfer to Hanoi as it improves its defences in the South China Sea where it is embroiled in a territorial dispute with China.
The four patrol ships will be provided to Vietnam under a $100 million defence credit line and represent a push by the nationalist government in New Delhi to counter Beijing’s influence in South Asia by deepening ties with old ally Vietnam.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung held talks with counterpart Narendra Modi on Tuesday, the first meeting since the Indian leader took office in May, promising to turn the country into an economic and military power.
An Indian government official said negotiations for the patrol craft had gathered pace since the credit line was announced last month during the visit of India’s president to Vietnam.
“We expect to see progress on this fairly early as negotiations are continuing between the Vietnamese and our defence suppliers,” the government official involved in discussions said.
Vietnam wants the craft for surveillance off its coast and around its military bases in the Spratly island chain in the South China Sea where it is building a credible naval deterrent to China with Kilo-class submarines from Russia.
Claims by an increasingly assertive China over most of the energy-rich sea have set it directly against U.S. allies Vietnam and the Philippines. Brunei, Taiwan and Malaysia also claim parts of the waters.
Beijing’s placement of an oil rig in disputed waters earlier this year infuriated Vietnam but the coastguard vessels it dispatched to the platform were each time chased off by larger Chinese boats.
Since then, the two sides have sought to repair ties and on Monday, top officials agreed to use an existing border dispute mechanism to find a solution to the territorial dispute.
Dung said Vietnamese defence cooperation with India was the pillar of their strategic partnership.
“During the visit, I am going to discuss with Indian leaders the major directions and concrete measures to promote bilateral cooperation,” he told the Economic Times in response to a question on how he planned to expand security cooperation.
India and Vietnam have a long-standing defence relationship but it has been restricted to military exchanges, training, spares and maintenance of military hardware since both have predominantly Soviet-origin equipment.
Training has moved to a higher gear since Vietnam acquired the diesel-electric Kilo submarines which India has operated since the 1980s.
It has been continued…

Orissa: Sahitya Akademi fellow returns remuneration for literary venture from chit fundfirmPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:38 pm
The chit fund scam in Orissa has claimed a victim in the most unlikeliest of places with noted bilingual writer and Sahitya Akademi fellow Manoj Das returning the remuneration that he received from one of the chit fund firms for a literary venture. After revelations about his receiving Rs 10 lakh as remuneration from chit fund firm Seashore Group over running a Odia magazine for the group, a hurt Das donated the honorarium of Rs 10 lakh he received from the company to the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund (CMRF).
Das was the advisor of Sahitya Patrika, a monthly Oriya magazine and Kishore Patrika, a monthly Oriya magazine for teenagers, published by the Seashore publications division. Das was also in charge of planning the contents of these two magazines for which the company had paid him a monthly honorarium of Rs 1 lakh for some months.
Besides, the company had also paid a monthly honorarium of Rs 5,000 to the assistant of Das for nine months. Das, an Indian award-winning bilingual creative writer who writes in Oriya and English has been an inmate of Sri Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry since 1973.
Recently, a journalist in a local newspaper had raised questions as to how Das received money from a chit fund group. A hurt Das finally wrote a column in anther newspaper refuting the allegations while informing of the donation of the entire honorarium to the CM Relief Fund.

20 Keralites in Arabian Business  100 Indian...20 Keralites in Arabian Business '100 Indian Power List'
By PTI | 28 Oct, 2014, 02.17PM IST
0
Share More
Managing Director of the Lulu Group, Yusuff Ali MA, has retained his top position on the list for the fifth consecutive year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DUBAI: As many as 20 entrepreneurs and professionals from Kerala have been named in the annual list of 100 powerful Indians in the Gulf countries with people from the southern state also bagging the top two positions.
The 'Indian Power List', published by Arabian Business , a leading business magazine, has also picked as many as six Keralites among the top 20.
Managing Director of the Lulu Group , Yusuff Ali MA , has retained his top position on the list for the fifth consecutive year, while Ravi Pillai , Chairman of RP Group of Companies , is ranked second for successfully building a global business network that employs over 80,000 people. PNC Menon , Chairman of Sobha Developers is ranked No 8.
Sunil John, Chief Executive Officer of ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller, the region's leading Public Relations consultancy, has been ranked at 12th position, followed by KV Shamsudheen, Founder of Pravasi Bandhu Welfare Trust and Sunny Varkey, Founder & Chairman of GEMS Education.
The business magazine selected the 100 powerful Indians in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries from over 500 entrepreneurs and professionals.
"In 1970 trade between India and the UAE was worth $ 80 million a year. By 2013, the figure had reached $ 44 billion. Thanks to the work of these 100 people featuring in this week's issue that number is only heading north," Anil Bhoyrul, Editorial Director of Arabian Business, said.

Sensex edges higher again  gains 121 pts; Ranbaxy up 6% after resultsSensex edges higher again  gains 121 pts; Ranbaxy up 6% after results
Zensar launches digital literacy centre in PuneZensar launches digital literacy centre in Pune
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 28:  
Zensar Foundation in partnership with the Pune Municipal Corporation and NASSCOM Foundation has launched the first National Digital Literacy Mission (NDLM) Centre in Pune. This is the second such centre in India.
“This initiative reinforces our support to the Prime Minister’s mission of a digitally literate India, which is aimed at empowering at least one person per household with digital literacy by 2020,” Dr Ganesh Natarajan CEO and Vice-Chairman, Zensar Technologies and Chairman, NASSCOM Foundation, said in a statement.
Shrikant Sinha, COO of NASSCOM Foundation and Head of the NDLM Program added, “Our goal is to mobilise the corporate sector in IT and beyond and are glad to see so many companies coming forward.”
Zensar Foundation’s first NDLM centre opened in Hyderabad in August 2014 and on September 30, 2014, it implemented the first online assessment in India for 41 students. This is the first batch in the country to have gone through the digital literacy assessment held by the National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

AP to cut down on non-plan expenditureAP revenue collection up 14%, to prune non-plan expenditure
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The revenue collection in Andhra Pradesh during first and second quarters of this fiscal year rose by 13.86 per cent to Rs 12,881 crore from Rs11,313 crore over corresponding period last year.
After a review meeting of state finances, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu attributed the jump in revenue to spurt in consumption of home needs and petro products which rose to 20 per cent and 11 per cent respectively. Further, VAT and CST recorded a growth of 4 per cent.
The commercial taxes collections was up 5.96 per cent in Q1 this fiscal at Rs 6,207.41 crore (Rs 5,858.31 crore in Q1 last fiscal). In Q2 the revenue grew 22.35 per cent from Rs 5,454.73 crore to Rs 6,673.83 crore.
The Chief Minister suggested officials could study Tamil Nadu’s excise policy where the government sells liquor and has control over it.
ECONOMY MEASURES
Faced with tough financial situation and growing expenditure, the Andhra Pradesh Government is seeking to adopt economy measures reducing the non-plan expenditure by 20 per cent.
However, this reduction will not lead to any cuts on the necessary expenditure on salaries, professional and contract services, stipend and scholarships.
Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, State Minister for Finance, said in addition to the increase in revenue expenditure, there is substantial increase in Non-Plan expenditure estimated to be Rs 12,700 crore, up Rs 2,700 crore. The expenditure was up 20 per cent at Rs 17,500 crore over same period last year.
In order to keep the process going smoothly, the Finance Minister is keen that the allocations need to be made judiciously by prioritising various issues and keeping in view the revenue deficit and market borrowings. The State is exploring options for resource mobilisation to reduce revenue deficit.
Post the division of Andhra Pradesh, the new State has started with a deficit of Rs 16,000 crore and is now in the process of mobilising funds for the massive crop loan reschedule programme.
COAL RESERVES
A team of consultants would survey the coal reserves found recently in Chintalapudi in Godavari Valley and provide findings to the State within six months. The Chief Minister said once the details would be out, he would write to the Centre to explore the possibility of generating power by utilising the coal deposits.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Lupin Q2 net up 55% at Rs 630 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lupin Q2 net up 55% at Rs 630 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Drug major Lupin today posted a 55.11 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs 630.04 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, driven by robust sales in the US, Japan and the domestic market.
The Mumbai-based company had posted a net profit of Rs 406.18 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal.
Net sales rose to Rs 3,116.81 crore for the second quarter, as against Rs 2,631.46 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal, the company said in a statement.
For the half-year ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 1,254.78 crore, against Rs 807.24 crore in the year-ago period, up by 55.44 per cent.
Net sales for the half year ended September 30 rose to Rs 6,400.76 crore, as compared to Rs 5,052.12 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Commenting on the result, Lupin Managing Director Nilesh Gupta said: “We have had a great first-half driven by strong growth in the US, India, Japan and our API business. Our research pipeline is evolving well and we expect significant developments in the dermatology and inhalation space in the quarters to come“.
Lupin shares were trading at Rs 1,377.55 apiece on the BSE, down 1.18 per cent from its previous close.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

High-level functionary of political partys youth wing arrested in Rs 20 lakh extortionbidPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:58 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:21 pm
The Mizoram Police have arrested a high-ranking political party worker and his accomplice for threatening an Aizawl resident to pay Rs 20 lakhs. The Zoram Nationalist Party has however denied the party’s involvement.
Jacob Lianhuapa (40), currently chief organizer of the ZNP’s youth wing, and Vanlalliana (20), who has been living with Jacob for sometime, were arrested by investigators of the CID (Special Branch) late on Monday night.
Investigators said Jacob first called up S T Khama, a former ponzi scheme collector and one-time independent MLA candidate, on his cellphone in mid-October and asked him to pay their “outfit” Rs 20 lakhs.
Jacob did not identify himself or mention what the “outfit” was, but gave S T Khama a deadline of October 26 to make the payment and said “we will do what needs to be done” if he did not.
Khama informed the police, and the CID (SB) was roped in to investigate. In the meantime, Khama negotiated with Jacob saying he would pay them Rs 3 lakhs first, and an Aizawl hotel was designated a drop-off point.
“The money was delivered on Sunday to the hotel, but the Jacob not pick it up immediately. On Monday he paid a coolie to collect the money and asked him to leave it with an elderly hawker. His accomplice Vanlalliana then picked it up from the hawker in the evening,” said a CID (SB) official.
Plainclothes policemen from the unit immediately tracked him on foot for several hours and eventually arrested Jacob and Vanlalliana on Monday night on a side alley in Aizawl’s Chanmari neighbourhood.
“We have no information that Jacob is connected to a militant group so it is likely he acted for his own benefit. It is unclear if he was doing this as part of party activity,”the investigator said.
Lalmuanpuia Punte, ZNP youth president, denied knowledge of the incident and said, “The ZNP did not in any way ask these men to carry out these activities.”
The Zoram Nationalist party immediately stripped Jacob Lianhuapa of his position as Chief Organizer of the party’s youth wing on Tuesday afternoon, when news of his arrest spread.

Most first-time computer-buyers still preferlaptopsThough smart devices have become the focus of computing today, the market for laptops and PCs isn’t dead yet.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:51 pm
Most technology writers are guilty of focusing too much on smartphones and overlooking the rest of the computing devices in the process. If you read some tech blogs and magazines, you would be forgiven for believing that no one buys laptops any more. In fact, that is far from the truth.
There are millions of desktops and laptops still being sold, though the numbers are declining gradually. While the PC-makers are waiting for that big boom to happen in countries such as India where computer penetration is very low, a lot of first-time buyers in markets such as ours are picking up a smartphone as their first, and often only, computing device. But there is still a large market for PCs, especially in Asia. According to research firm IDC, at 26.6 million units, the Asia-Pacific (ex-Japan) PC market grew 8% compared to the last quarter, though it declined 5% year-on-year in Q3-2014. This was better than forecasts because the election results in India seem to have pushed up retail walk-ins, the research firm said.
India still has among the lowest PC penetrations in the world. If price was a factor for many people to adopt computing here, affordable smartphones and tablets are taking the internet and some amount of computing to the common man. I say “some amount” because a lot of stuff still can’t be done on smart devices. Let’s take the simple example of working on multiple spreadsheets, or even word documents. The task is almost impossible on a smartphone, no matter what the screen size might be, and though achievable, it still remains difficult to carry out on a tablet. Another example is editing and resizing a photo taken from a DSLR; this will stump most affordable tablets in the market. This is where an affordable laptop can be considered valuable.
I recently reviewed an Acer laptop that cost just over R21,000, but gave you a large 15-inch screen, optical drive and a reasonably powered processor. No, it does not have a top-draw Intel Core i3 or i5 processor, but the Intel Celeron that it runs on is good with most tasks and consumes less power. And Acer is not the only company to offer a good laptop in this price bracket. Most of these new breed of really affordable laptops are powered by new low-voltage Pentium or Celeron processors from Intel, or the more affordable AMD processors.
Many first-time computer-buyers still opt for these laptops instead of the smaller 2-in-1 hybrids despite the lure of mobility and, of course, the touchscreen. The 2-in-1 convertible is surely getting better at productivity, but it is still behind what an old trusted laptop offers in terms of functionality. However, what the 2-in-1 gives the consumer is the luxury of choice, something that was not available at this price point earlier. Now, for R20,000, you can decide what kind of a computing device you want—a small, mobile tablet-based convertible device or a large laptop that lets you do everything while compromising a bit on the processing power.
For many, this is a tough decision to make. The best way to get over the problem is to figure out what kind of a user you are. For those who don’t need to do a lot of creative stuff, the 2-in-1 might prove a better option, while for others the laptop makes more sense.
It is a good thing that even at lower price points you now get the Windows OS. Earlier, at a lower price point, you would have been left with a Linux OS that fed the proliferation of pirated software in India. Plus, you now have free open source alternatives for most good, but expensive, software. For college students and young business executives, this mix might prove to be the first steps towards a successful career. Entering the world of computers has never been this easy.

Ola to raise $ 210 mn from SoftBank  other i...Taxi marketplace Ola raises $210 million from SoftBank
Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 05.57PM IST
Tags:
Bhavish Aggarwal
BANGALORE: Taxi service aggregator Olacabs has raised $210 million from Japan's SoftBank Corp and existing investors as it competes with Uber and other venture-funded cab service marketplaces.
Existing investors including Tiger Global , Matrix Partners and Steadview Capital also participated in the round. Ola confirmed that SoftBank is now the largest shareholder in the company founded in January 2011.
"Money is going to be invested in the driver ecosystem, expanding more aggressively, and adding more car categories in every city," said Bhavish Aggarwal , 29-year-old computer science engineer from IIT-Bombay, who co founded the company with his collegemate Ankit Bhati.
Ola expects to launch 15-20 more cities by the end of this financial year. Aggarwal said he will also be investing in hiring a few hundred engineers over the next few quarters, primarily to strengthen Ola's mobile platform.
"India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential," said Nikesh Arora, vice chairman of SoftBank "With this announcement (Ola funding) SoftBank is contributing to the development of the infrastructure for the digital future of India."
The Indian taxi aggregation space has seen exponential growth in the last couple of months, with Ola, TaxiForSure and Uber--battling for consumer mind share. These companies provide the technology platform that links taxi owners and operators with passengers.
With this latest round of funding Ola has raised nearly $277 million, joining the league of India's most valuable startups. The Bangalore-based startup's last round was only in July when it raised Rs 250 crore at a valuation of about $300 million. Ola claims to be growing at a pace of 15% week-over-week..
"Internet is coming of age in India," said Kartik Hosanagar , an associate professor of Internet Commerce at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. "Ola's raise reflects both the growth and maturity of the sector as well as the competitive threat from Uber and others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ranbaxy up 7% as net beats Street |  Stage all set for next big bull runRanbaxy Laboratories rallies over 6% as net profit beat Street estimates
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 02.38PM IST
(Analysts polled by ET Now…)
NEW DELHI: Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd rose as much as 6.4 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after the pharma major reported a net profit of Rs 478 crore for the quarter ended September 30, which was higher than Street estimates.
Analysts polled by ET Now had estimates a net profit of Rs 230 crore and net sales of Rs 2950 crore for the second quarter of the current financial year.
The pharma major reported a net loss of Rs 454 crore in the corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
At 01:50 p.m.; Ranbaxy Laboratories was trading 6.2 per cent higher at Rs 635. It hit a low of Rs 600 and a high of Rs 636 in trade today.
Net sales for Ranbaxy also came ahead of estimates at Rs 3220 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 15 per cent YoY as compared to Rs 2802 crore reported in the year-ago period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Its an honour when PM tweets my success in WTA doubles: Sania Mirzasport
Fresh from her victory in the prestigious WTA doubles final in Singapore, Sania Mirza says she is delighted to keep winning especially after being named the Brand Ambassador of Telangana.
“Honestly, I felt honoured when Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhara Rao called for a meeting to announce it. It is always a nice feeling when the Head of the State is one of the first to send a congratulatory message,” said Sania at her academy in Murtuzaguda near Chilkur on Tuesday.
“These are the kind of things any athlete looks for and they are big motivators,” she added. “I feel great when people ask me about my Brand Ambassador status and I am glad by winning major titles I am contributing to promoting the image of my newly-formed State,” the two-time Grand Slam winner said.
“The week before I left for WTA, the Chief Minister said he would have meeting soon. I will be glad to discuss a few things which should help our cause,” Sania said. The premier tennis player also lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's interest for sports and the athletes.
“It is a great feeling when the Prime Minister tweets about your success. They are very encouraging gestures. The two times I met him, he was very supportive and showed genuine concern for the welfare of the athletes. When he observed that the whole nation rejoices when athletes like me sweat it out and bring laurels, I was honestly thrilled,” Sania remarked. “The best part is because of the social networking sites, you can connect directly with anyone,” she concluded.

SC raps Centre for delay over Delhi govt deadlock; BJP gets Prez nod to take shot at powerSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Maharashtra BJP MLAs meet today  Fadnavis ahead in race for CM jobBJP MLAs meet, Fadnavis selected new Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:47 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Devendra Fadnavis was on Tuesday elected the new chief minister of Maharashtra.
BJP workers celebrate the party's victory in Maharashtra assembly polls, wearing masks of state president Devendra Fadnavis. (PTI photo)
Fadnavis, 44, was selected the legislative party leader by the new BJP MLAs in a meeting at Vidhan Bhavan in the presence of party's central observers, Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party's national general secretary J P Nadda.
Fadnavis and other state BJP leaders will now call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao and formally stake claim to form the government.
Fadnavis was the front runner in the CM race from the very beginning, except for a short hiccup when about 40 BJP MLAs from Vidarbha openly backed Union minister Gadkari for the top job.
But the RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat reportedly settled the issue by advising Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to become chief minister.
 To ally or not to ally
The Shiv Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on October 31.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) weakened the Sena's case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
Swearing-in on Friday
On Tuesday, central observers Union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy attended the meeting of the party's newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to Friday (October 31) so that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can attend it. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Gold Recovers From Two-week Low  All Eyes on Fed MeetGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Singapore:
Gold recovered after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks on Tuesday as investors nervously awaited a US Federal Reserve meeting that begins later in the day for clues about the timing of any interest rate hike.
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Spot gold dropped to $1,222.20 an ounce, its lowest since October 15, before recovering to trade up 0.3 per cent at $1,228.65 an ounce by 0650 GMT.
Gold could test resistance at $1,233 an ounce, according to Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao.
"There were some stops triggered once we breached yesterday's low but China walked in and pushed up gold," said a trader in Hong Kong.
"People are nervous ahead of the FOMC and big position changes are unlikely. For the moment, I think we will hold between $1,220 and $1,240," he said, referring to the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee.
The Fed will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets that saw some measures of inflation expectations drop worryingly low.
A delay in any hike in interest rates could boost gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
With US inflation weak, the European economy stumbling and the dollar on the rise, the big question is to what extent Fed officials acknowledge risks to their expectations that the US recovery will continue to strengthen and allow them to raise rates around the middle of next year.
Asian shares were higher on Tuesday, while the dollar held steady.
Gold has gained nearly 4 per cent since dropping below $1,200 earlier this month on global slowdown fears. The precious metal is often seen as a hedge when riskier assets such as equities are out of favour.
In the physical markets, data on Monday showed China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong jumped to a six-month high in September as the world's biggest consumer stocked up ahead of its National Day holiday.
But imports have slowed since the holiday, traders said, possibly putting more pressure on gold.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Centre hopeful UP sugar mills will fall in line start opsOct 28, 2014, 02.38 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Centre hopeful UP sugar mills will fall in line & start ops
Few months back, private sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh --the country's second biggest producer -- threated not to open their mills in the current 2014-15 season (October-September) till the state government links cane prices with sugar rates.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Centre hopeful UP sugar mills will fall in line & start ops
Few months back, private sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh --the country's second biggest producer -- threated not to open their mills in the current 2014-15 season (October-September) till the state government links cane prices with sugar rates.
Post your opinion here
 
Amid private UP sugar mills' threat to shut operations this season, the Centre today said millers would eventually start their factories though crushing operations may get delayed by 10-15 days.
Few months back, private sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh --the country's second biggest producer -- threated not to open their mills in the current 2014-15 season (October-September) till the state government links cane prices with sugar rates.
Mills were forced to issue suspension notice as they  suffered huge losses during last season on account of high  cane prices fixed by the state and lower realisation from sugar sales. "There is no way that UP sugar mills will remain shut for long. My reading is that all mills will run. But they may start 10-15 days late," Food Secretary Sudhir Kumar told PTI.
Kumar said that mills do not have any option but to run their mills as they cannot shift to other business, while farmers can easily shift to some other crops.
However, the Secretary clarified that this is the matter  between the state government and UP millers, and the Centre does not have much role to play.
On likely impact on the country's sugar production due to delay in crushing operation in UP, he said, "It is too early to say. Let the crushing begin. We will assess it at the end of the season."
Meanwhile, Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA) Director General Avinash Verma said: "UP sugar mills have taken one step forward and have agreed to start maintenance activity which should take 40-45 days."
"However, they would wait for a mechanism or a policy that determines sugarcane price in relation to revenue generation before start of the crushing operations, so that they are in a position to pay cane price on time," he said.
The UP sugar industry has shown confidence in the state government that a rational cane price formula would be announced and the industry would pray that the state should not fix the cane price, he added.
Crushing operation in western UP normally begins from October 15 and five days later in other parts the state. According to industry estimates, sugarcane arrears in Uttar Pradesh have come down to Rs 2,400 crore now from Rs 7,500 crore at the end of March this year.
Sugar production for this season is pegged at 25-25.5 million tonnes, against 24.3 million tonnes last year.
RELATED NEWS

Cipla may touch Rs 685-690  says Yogesh Mehta01:30 pm
Yogesh Mehta of Motilal Oswal Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Today being the result day for  Lupin and Ranbaxy , Cipla is one on the technical front which is showing clear trend on the upward ticking trend. It is near to all time high wherein Lupin we have already seen that Rs 1450-1460 was earlier high and now it is retraced back and consolidating during this Rs 1370-1400 zone."
" Cipla is now in a new high, today it has already been broken out of that resistance level of Rs 635-640. Today it is quoting at Rs 643. We are looking at next target level for Cipla around Rs 685-690 band and one can keep a stoploss of Rs 610 if one wants to keep the stoploss near to that level otherwise Rs 605 could be the comfort one," he added.
"We are looking at Cipla on pure technical front and the results were very good. There was a turnaround in Q1 result. So, let us wait for the Q2 also and if the performance is better then we can see Rs 700 plus kind of a target," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Govt action to help kickstart earnings upgrade cycle: CLSALike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt action to help kickstart earnings upgrade cycle: CLSA
Mahesh Nandurkar of CLSA believes government actions will help kickstart a much-needed earnings upgrade cycle.
Post your opinion here

Lloyds Banking Group to Cut 9 000 JobsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Lloyds Banking Group to cut 9 000 jobs...and
versions
LONDON (AP) — Britain's Lloyds Banking Group said Tuesday it will eliminate 9,000 jobs over the next three years and shut some 200 branches in a bid to improve efficiency.
The group has been partly owned by the British taxpayer since it was rescued during the financial crisis and has been under pressure to cut costs.
Its executives had pledged three years ago to keep its number of branches at a consistent level despite the cuts, but Chief Executive Antonio Horta-Osorio said Tuesday that strategy has now changed.
The closures will impact roughly a tenth of its network of 2,000 branches. The bank said many of the closures would be in town centers where the bank has more than one facility.
Lloyds expects customers to continue shifting to online services and self-service machines instead of having face-to-face contact in branches. It plans to invest 1 billion pounds ($1.61 billion) in digital technology in the next three years.
In a statement, it said the branch cuts would allow it "to operate more efficiently."
Unite union officer Rob MacGregor said executive pay at Lloyds should be cut if customer service suffers and people are forced out their jobs.
"These are deeply unsettling times for Lloyds staff, who after days of speculation and leaks face yet another round of job cuts and a future of uncertainty," he said.
Lloyds finance director George Culmer said the job cuts are "regrettable" and reflect changing customer needs.
The announcements came as the bank reported an improvement in earnings as the broader U.K. economy recovered.
Net interest income, a measure of revenue, increased to 3.03 billion pounds in the third quarter from 2.76 billion pounds a year earlier. It made a net profit of 693 million pounds, up from a loss of 1.3 billion pounds last year, when it was hit by big one-time charges.

Swedish central bank cuts interest rate to 0 pct... 
October 28, 2014 05:19 AM EST | Associated Press
STOCKHOLM (AP) — The Swedish central bank has cut its key interest rate to 0 percent, saying the economy is "relatively strong" but that inflation is too low.
The Riksbank on Tuesday lowered the key interest rate by 0.25 percentage points because it said  the country's monetary policy needs to be "even more expansionary" to achieve the bank's target of 2 percent inflation.
The bank said the interest rate needs to remain at 0 percent until inflation picks up, and did not foresee raising the rate until mid-2016.

Lupin Q2 beats estimates  consolidated profit jumps 55%Lupin Q2 beats estimates  consolidated profit jumps 55%
Tera Software to hold board meetingTera Software to hold board meeting
India Motor Parts stock down; declares dividendIndia Motor Parts stock down; declares dividend
European stocks open higherEuropean stocks open higher
Ola to raise $210m from SoftBank  other investorsOla to raise $210m from SoftBank  other investors
Modi welcomes Vietnamese PMModi welcomes Vietnamese PM
Buy ONGC 390 Put  says Krish SubramaniumLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy ONGC 390 Put, says Krish Subramanium
According to Krish Subramanium of Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediattes, one may buy Oil and Natural Gas Corporation 390 Put.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Krish Subramanium of Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediattes told CNBC-TV18, " Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) is still got to do some catching up in terms of roles for the November series. We are recommending buying of a 390 strike Put that’s about October for a price of Rs 4. We are keeping the target of Rs 10 and possibly one could keep a stoploss of Re 1.”
At 15:24 hrs Oil and Natural Gas Corporation was quoting at Rs 392.00, down Rs 2.75, or 0.70 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 472 and 52-week low Rs 263.30 on 09 June, 2014 and 13 November, 2013, respectively.
 

Buy Infosys 3800 Call  says Krish SubramaniumLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Infosys 3800 Call, says Krish Subramanium
Krish Subramanium of Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediattes advises buying Infosys 3800 Call.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Krish Subramanium of Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediattes told CNBC-TV18, "In  Infosys we are seeing some short covering emerging around those Rs 3,775-3,800 level, so we feel that closer to expiry we could see some sort of spike up in Infosys. We are recommending a buying of a plain-vanilla 3,800 strike Call at around Rs 30 for a target price of Rs 55 and keeping a stop loss of Rs 15.”
At 15:17 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 3,796.80, down Rs 6.25, or 0.16 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 3,986 and 52-week low Rs 2,894 on 13 October, 2014 and 30 May, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Angel Broking neutral on Federal BankLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Angel Broking neutral on Federal Bank
Angel Broking has maintained a neutral rating on Federal Bank, in its October 17, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Angel Broking's report on Federal Bank
"Federal Bank reported a mixed set of numbers for 2QFY2015 with steady asset quality; however profit grew merely by 6.4% yoy to `240.3cr. On the operating front, Net Interest Income for the bank increased by 10.5% yoy, while non-interest income grew by 36.6% yoy, leading to healthy operating income growth of 15.9% yoy. Operating expenses grew 16% yoy, leading to pre-provisioning profit growth of 15.8% yoy. Provision expenses for the bank came in at `45.7cr, significantly higher than `22.1cr incurred in 1QFY2015 and vs `11.0cr in 2QFY2014."
Outlook and valuation: "After witnessing severe asset quality pressures for the last few years, the bank’s asset quality has shown improvement over the last four quarters on lower slippages and better recoveries/upgrades. While we remain watchful of the bank’s near term performance on the asset quality front, the stock’s current valuation at 1.3x of FY2016E P/ABV offers limited scope of upside from here on, in our view. Hence, we recommend a Neutral rating on the stock", says Angel Broking research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

In biggest single ecommerce investment  Snapdeal gets Rs 3 762 cr investment from SoftbankE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BG feels uncharacteristic earnings fallBG Group reports 29 per cent fall in underlying earnings
Mark Odell and Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e152b3a4-5e7f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samvat 2071 begins on positive noteUpdated: October 24, 2014 00:09 IST
Samvat 2071 begins on positive note
Special Correspondent
Actress Kajal Aggarwal and BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan striking the gong to begin Muhurat trading at BSE in Mumbai, on Thursday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Sensex closes at 26851.05 with a gain of 63.82 points
Welcoming the Hindu calendar year Samvat 2071, stock indices surged ahead on Thursday, as broader indices galloped smartly to gain more than the benchmark indices.
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index closed at 26851.05 with a gain of 63.82 points or 0.24 per cent.
Among broader indices, mid-cap stocks and small-cap stocks gained 0.99 per cent and 1.57 per cent respectively while the BSE 100 was up by 0.30 per cent, BSE 200 gained 0.37 per cent and BSE 500 was up by 0.45 per cent.
All sectoral indices ended in the positive territory with oil & gas gaining the most at 0.67 per cent followed by healthcare (0.59 per cent), FMCG (0.50 per cent) and capital goods (0.46 per cent).
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the 50-share Nifty gained 18.65 points or 0.23 per cent to close at 8014.55.
“Positive global cues and domestic festive mood kept the market buoyant,” said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Destimoney Securities.
“By and large”, he said, “the frontline counters and mid-caps show strength and the Nifty was able to close above the 8000-level. Wipro lost due to unfavourable quarterly results. The positive momentum in the market is expected to continue next week.”
“The market provided more than 25 per cent return between Samvat 2070 and 2071. We expect the market to provide excellent returns in the forthcoming year as well,” Mr. Bandyopadhyay added.

US strikes pound jihadists as Iraq Kurds prepare to join fightPrint
Birds fly as smoke rises over the town of Kobani following airstrikes by the US led coalition seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
By: Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 26, 2014 11:48 am
US-led warplanes have bombarded the Islamic State group with new air strikes as heavily armed Iraqi Kurdish fighters were on Sunday readying to reinforce the besieged Syrian border town of Kobane. Kurdish forces, backed by US air power, have been holding out for weeks against an IS offensive around Kobane, which has become a high-profile symbol of efforts to stop the advance of the jihadists.
The Kurdish regional government in northern Iraq unveiled plans on Friday for up to 200 well-trained peshmerga to join Syrian Kurdish forces defending Kobane in the coming week. Kurdish news agency Rudaw said the first contingent could head to the town as early today, but there was no immediate confirmation of that timetable. Since Turkey conceded to US pressure to allow vetted reinforcements into Kobane to prevent IS winning the prominent battle for the town, the jihadists have made repeated attempts to cut the border before any help can arrive.
People herd a flock of sheep backdropped by the Syrian city of Kobani engulfed in smoke, following airstrikes by the US led coalition on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
Before dawn yesterday, IS fighters hit Kurdish forces defending the Syrian side of the border crossing with mortar and heavy machinegun fire, an AFP correspondent on the Turkish side reported. The heavy mortar fire around the Mursitpinar crossing prompted the Turkish army to order the evacuation of nearby hilltops from where the world’s press has been watching the battle for the town.
The US-led military coalition fighting IS launched 22 air strikes in Iraq and one in Syria on Friday and Saturday, the Pentagon said. Eleven of the bombings in the heavy barrage targeted IS units, buildings, positions and vehicles near Iraq’s strategic Mosul Dam. Kurdish forces backed by US air strikes yesterday retook the town of Zumar northwest of Mosul from IS after weeks of fighting, a senior officer said.
Smoke rises during fighting in Kobani, seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP continued…

UK troops end military operations in Afghanistan s Helmand provinceUK Armed Forces have ended combat operations in Helmand Province, paving the way for the final transfer of security to the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) defense officials said Sunday Oct. 26, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: October 27, 2014 10:26 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:55 pm
Britain has ended combat operations in the Helmand province in Afghanistan, defense officials said Sunday.
They said U.K. troops have witnessed the lowering of the Union flag for the last time at the Camp Bastion complex in Helmand. U.S. and Afghan soldiers also observed the ceremony, which marked the end of operations for the Southwest Regional Command, a U.S. and U.K. coalition operating under NATO’s International Security Assistance Force, British officials said.
Britain’s Prime Minister David Cameron, centre left, meets General Malouk, head of 215 corp in the Helmand province and members of the Afghan army, in Camp Bastion, Afghanistan, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Camp Bastion has been the center of U.K. operations in Afghanistan since 2006. The handover of the base to Afghan control ends an important chapter in the 13-year Afghan campaign, which started after the terrorist attacks on the United States in 2001.
UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said in a statement that the end of combat operations is being announced “with pride” and that Britain has helped give Afghanistan “the best possible chance of a stable future.”
But he told BBC’s Andrew Marr show that there is “no guarantee that Afghanistan is going to be stable and safe.”
Afghanistan’s security forces guard the site of a suicide attack, targeting an Afghanistan’s National Army convoy on the outskirts of Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand province, Afghanistan, Saturday, Oct. 18, 2014. (Source: AP)
He said the mission has succeeded in the sense that Afghanistan is no longer a safe haven for terrorists planning atrocities against Britain and the rest of Europe.
Fallon said Britain’s commitment to support Afghanistan will continue “through institutional development, the Afghan National Army Officer Academy, and development aid.”
Britain plans to withdraw its final combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year and is planning to give Afghan forces control of a base in Kandahar, the country’s second most populous city.
Afghanistan’s National Army soldiers walk beside their vehicles on the outskirts of Lashkar Gah, the capital continued…

Dabur stocks fall 3% after Burman named in black money caseDabur stocks fall over 3 per cent after Pradip Burman named in black money case
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 14:49 IST
Photo: Reuters
The stocks of Dabur India fell sharply by 9 per cent in early trade on Monday after one of its promoters Pradip Burman was named by the government in the affidavit related to black money case filed in the Supreme Court.
In the morning session, Dabur India's shares tumbled 8.98 per cent to Rs 196.40 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
On the NSE too, it slumped 8.94 per cent to Rs 196.55.
However, later the stock recovered some of the lost ground but was still trading 3.50 per cent lower at Rs 208.25 on the BSE at 2:31 pm.
According to the latest shareholding pattern of Dabur, Pradip Burman, who is part of the promoter group, holds 0.02 per cent stake in the company.
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrown FMCG major although he was once a Whole Time Director of Dabur India .
With Pradip Burman being named as an account holder in a foreign bank in the black money issue, Dabur India promoter family, Burmans on Monday said the account complied with all legal requirements.
"We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account," a Dabur spokesperson said in a statement.
"The Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels," the spokesperson added.

Ukraine voters embrace West and peace with rebelsBy: Press Trust of India | Kiev | Posted: October 27, 2014 4:01 pm
Ukraine’s pro-Western and moderately nationalist parties were on course today to score a crushing election win that boosted President Petro Poroshenko’s bid to merge his ex-Soviet country with Europe and end a pro-Russian revolt. A partial vote count and exit polls showed overwhelming support for Poroshenko’s drive to break his nation of 45 million out of Russia’s orbit despite the painful economic measures the Kremlin has levied on its western neighbour in reprisal.
Results with 30 percent of the precincts reporting had Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk’s People’s Front leading with 21.7 percent of the vote. The president’s Petro Poroshenko Bloc was a a hair behind with 21.6 per cent. Many in Kiev and the West blame the six-month uprising that has killed 3,700 on an attempt by Russian President Vladimir Putin to destabilise Ukraine’s new government and create a “frozen conflict” in its vital industrial east.
Parties with links to Moscow or the old Viktor Yanukovych regime that was ousted after his abrupt rejection in February of a landmark EU pact were routed at the ballot boxes yesterday. “I want the war to end and for our country to join the European Union, although I doubt this will happen very soon,” pensioner Bogdan Golobutskiy said as he trudged up to a Kiev polling station yesterday.
Radicals that rejected Poroshenko’s peace deal with the insurgents that gave the separatists limited autonomy also had a poor showing as did corruption-tainted politicians who had steered Ukraine through two decades of stuttering reforms. Analysts said it was almost certain that Poroshenko would now have to share power with Yatsenyuk as premier.
“Voters did not want a monopoly of power in one pair of hands. They voted for a Poroshenko-Yatsenyuk tandem,” said Vadym Karasyov of Kiev’s Institute of Global Strategies. A buoyant Poroshenko told the nation that “more than three quarters of voters who took part in the polls gave strong and irreversible backing to Ukraine’s path to Europe.”
The 49-year-old chocolate baron said a majority also supported his search for “political methods” to end the war in the country’s industrial east. Poroshenko and his slightly more hawkish prime minister are within striking distance of the majority needed to form a stable government that could pursue similar policies to those both back now. Yatsenyuk is widely expected to keep his premiership post and help Ukraine negotiate new loan agreements with the West.

A damp squib  says CongressNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 11:04 IST
A damp squib, says Congress
National Bureau
The Congress described the government’s disclosure of three names of foreign bank account holders as a “damp squib.” File photo
Questions were raised over why the Centre has disclosed only a few names
The Congress and the Left on Monday criticised the government for promising to name all those who have stashed away black money abroad and eventually coming out with next to nothing.
The Congress described the government’s disclosure of three names of foreign bank account holders as a “damp squib.” Party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi questioned the BJP’s pre-election claims.
“Where are the 55,000 names promised by [Baba] Ramdev? Where are the lakhs and crores of rupees [of black money] that the BJP spoke of for eight months in the run-up to the elections? They haven’t even brought back Rs. 55 so far.”
BJP leaders, including former party president Rajnath Singh, had claimed that the party would bring back black money stashed away in foreign banks within 100 days of forming the government.
The CPI(M) accused the government of being selective with disclosing information. Polit Bureau member Sitaram Yechury said, “The question is after such a big drama and making it an election issue for months, the government is being selective now.”
 

Who will lead the next leg of market rally | How to ride itYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian markets have a long way to go; retail investors to lead next leg of rally
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 01.11PM IST
(Rakesh Jhunjhunwala,…)
NEW DELHI: It's not the first time that analysts across brokerage firms have reaffirmed their faith in Indian equity markets; however, what is more surprising is the fact that they see retail investors contributing in a big way going forward.
Benchmark indices have rallied over 26 per cent so far in the year 2014, fuelled by strong global liquidity and a reform push by the Modi government.
"I strongly believe that equity markets have a long way to go. It is true that we had a fast and quick run in the market and that made lot of investors cautious, especially the retail investors who are still avoiding the market because of their bad experience maybe five or six years ago. Also, because of very low valuation of companies during 2011 and 2012," says Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India.
"This has created some kind of a fear element in the market for retail investors. Generally, they (retail investors) tend to avoid the market. In fact, FIIs have been the major participant of this bull run," he adds.
Veliyath strongly believes that the next leg of the bull run will be supported by domestic buying.
Experts feel the bull market in India still remains intact and investors with a long-term horizon should not worry too much about small corrections and keep adding quality stocks on every fall.
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, partner, Rare Enterprise, is of the view that the bull run will last for the next two decades. "But of course there will be serious corrections," he says.
Equity contribution to domestic savings has been at its lowest at 0.5 per cent. It was around 10 per cent during the peak period of Harshad Mehta days and also in 2007.
"The reason for this is the big bear market from 2008 to 2013 which devastated retail investors. Now that the market has been acquiring higher peaks, we can see retail investors coming back gradually," says S K Goel, Director, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Having learnt the lesson the hard way, retail money is likely to come through mutual funds which have seen a rise in inflows. Goel is of the view that we are likely to witness a rise in the retail flow into the market this year.
Equity mutual fund schemes have turned attractive with investors putting in a staggering Rs 34,000 crore in them during the first half of 2014-15, PTI said in a report last week.
As per the latest data available with the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI), investors have pumped in a net amount of Rs 33,790 crore in equity-oriented MF schemes in the April-September period.
Given the fact that markets globally are looking weak largely on account of growth worries, there is always a possibility that there could be a 'time consolidation' in the market, which could carry on till about December or January, say experts.
Levels of 7700-7800 on the Nifty will act as a strong base for the index and most analysts do not see it drifting below that despite uncertain global set-up.
"I do not see too much of correction and 7800 will act as a good base. The indications are positive for India. Even if the global markets become soft, the market for them to invest in will be India, and India will continue to attract a lot of foreign investment," says Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President of Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd.
"Domestic retail is also getting into the act. A couple of good IPOs and we could end up seeing a lot of retail investors coming back to the market," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karnataka offers exclusive industrial park to Japanese investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Karnataka
Karnataka sets Japanese standard infrastructure and facilities to offer exclusive space to Japan investors
K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Tags:
(According to Mukherjee,…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka has offered Japanese investors an industrial park that will exclusively house Japanese units.
The industrial estate will have infrastructure and facilities matching Japanese standards. The only caveat is the investors will have to pay for the plots by Japanese standards, not Indian standards. "We are ready to create a piece of Japan here in Karnataka, but only if the industries are ready to pay a Japanese price for it," chief secretary Kaushik Mukherjee told ET.
When Mukherjee visited Japan last month to woo investors, he tossed the idea to several CEOs. He came up with the idea after being inspired by the Thailand Industrial Promotion Centre in Japan .
"The Japanese believe in being together, so our proposal might work.The CEOs I discussed the idea with have responded favourably. We will rope in Japanese infrastructure firms to build facilities matching their country's standards, and I have already discussed this with a couple of infrastructure companies there," he said.
According to Mukherjee, Japanese would love places where they get a sense of cultural comfort, as in Thailand, for example. If Karnataka is able to create an industrial area where they can work together, they will certainly accept it, he said.
"In Japan, land is not available for industrial development. Karnataka, however, has an advantage over many East Asian countries because they are either politically unstable or climatically hostile. Thailand has this added problem of the land cost being two and a half times that of land in Karnataka," Mukherjee said. "It is not that we don't already have Japanese firms, we have some 280 companies, but initiatives like Japanese estates will help us take these investments to the next level," he added.
Back home, he discussed the idea with some German investors as well, but they have not shown much enthusiasm. They instead seemed to prefer normal industrial plots with Indian standard facilities and price. The government is, meanwhile, getting its new Industrial Policy (2014-2019) translated into Japanese and German languages for circulation in those countries."JICA and Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and the German consulate have offered to translate the policy into their respective languages.
Land Delay
As the chief secretary solicited investments in Japan for Karnataka, a few investors confronted him with complaints that they have already signed up with the state, and even deposited money for land with Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB), but they have no clue when they are likely to get the land. "What I learnt from my Japan tour was not about that country, but more about Karnataka. I have now sorted out the land problems of 10-12 Japanese industries including firms like TMEIC, Tsujikawa, etc.In some cases, KIADB has accepted deposits from investors, but is unable to get land from farmers. I have told KIADB not to accept money in cases where they are not able to provide land," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Organisational polls should reinvigorate  rejuvenate the party: RahulGandhiRahul's remarks came as Congress continued to face a trail of defeat and there is a buzz about the possibility of sweeping changes in the party organisation in the near future. (source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:15 pm
On Tuesday Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi said the organisational elections should be utilised to “reinvigorate and rejuvenate” the party following the debacle in the Lok Sabha and Assembly polls.
In his first formal interaction with top party leaders here after the defeat of Congress in Assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana, Gandhi wanted the organisational elections to be “free, fair and transparent” to make the party fighting fit.
He said full powers have been given to the party’s Central Election Authority, headed by Mullapalli Ramchandran, so as to make the exercise truly effective and foolproof.
Rahul’s remarks came as Congress continued to face a trail of defeat and there is a buzz about the possibility of sweeping changes in the party organisation in the near future.
Organisational weakness has been cited one of the major reasons for the debacle of Congress starting from 2010 Assembly elections in Bihar, also in Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh in 2012.
It was one of the factors in the defeat of Congress in this year’s Lok Sabha polls, apart from price rise and perception of corruption, which were attributed as the main factors of party’s poor show.
General secretaries in-charge of states and a number of PCC chiefs besides members of the election authority participated in today’s meeting.
The process for organisational elections in the party has already begun, which would culminate with the election of a new party President next year.
Rahul has been pressing for larger say to grass root workers in the election of party office bearers for long.
Ramchandran, a former Union minister and Chairman of the party’s Central Election Authority, had claimed that Congress will have a “100 per cent transparent” organisational elections this time.
The talk about bringing in “fresh leadership” at all levels has already been doing rounds in the party.
Last week, Congress President Sonia Gandhi had done a stock-taking exercise following the party’s debacle in Assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra even as a clamour for “course correction” grows within its ranks in the wake of the dip in electoral fortunes.

ECB sees no signs of deflation  recession in...European Central Bank sees no signs of deflation, recession in eurozone
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 03.09PM IST
On Sunday, the ECB published the results of its year-long audit of eurozone banks, giving the large majority of them a clean bill of health.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: The European Central Bank sees no signs of deflation or recession in the single currency area, but will remain vigilant, its chief economist said in a newspaper interview on Tuesday.
"We can't ignore the feeble economic climate. We are now seeing a loss of momentum," Peter Praet told the Belgian newspapers Tijd and L'Echo.
"It is striking that growth is abating in an early phase of the business cycle. We take that seriously, but we shouldn't exaggerate -- our base scenario for a gradual economic recovery is still realistic," Praet said.
Asked whether the 18 countries which share the euro are on the verge of a new recession, Praet replied: "No, I wouldn't say that."
"Confidence indicators for the third and fourth quarter suggest marginal growth in the euro area. That is rather worrying, as the momentum is certainly not strong enough for self-sustaining growth."
Similarly, the risk of deflation -- a disastrous downward spiral of falling prices -- was "limited," Praet said.
"I find it difficult to accept the high probability of deflation (30 per cent) published by the International Monetary Fund for the euro area. Our models come up with much lower figures. But we do need to be vigilant," Praet said.
"If you're hovering close to zero and you experience a new shock, the risk of negative inflation is by no means negligible."
The ECB has cut interest rates to all-time lows and drawn up programmes to pump cash into the economy , but is prepared to take further action if necessary, Praet said.
"We already further loosened monetary policy in June and September. We do not feel comfortable with the current low level of inflation and are closely monitoring the path of inflation."
"If we need to counter the risk of a prolonged period of low inflation, the governing council is unanimously prepared to take unconventional measures. The debate on the need for extra measures still lies ahead." he said.
On Sunday, the ECB published the results of its year-long audit of eurozone banks, giving the large majority of them a clean bill of health.
The central bank hopes that the success of the exercise will provide a boost to lending in the euro area.
On its own, the audit "is not sufficient to restore credit provision, but it is a minimum condition," Praet said.
"The test, together with the balance sheet repair measures of the banks, should have an impact on credit provision in the euro area and thus be supportive to economic recovery, as banks will be able to access funding more easily, given that investors now have a clear picture and transparency has been improved," he said.

Nilofar: DoT announces measures for telecom ...Cyclone Nilofar
(The Department of Telecom…)
NEW DELHI: The government has asked all telecom operators in Gujarat to share infrastructure through intra-circle roaming arrangements for 15 days as it announces advisory measures for restoring communication facilities in the event of the state being hit by cyclone Nilofar .
The cyclonic storm Nilofar is expected to make landfall on the morning of October 31 at Gujarat coast.
The Department of Telecom (DoT) said as per per available information, districts of Kutch, Jamnagar, Junagarh and Porbandar are likely to be affected.
In a letter dated October 27, the DoT said, "All access providers are hereby directed to take steps for immediate maintenance and restoration of telecommunication facilities in these areas and to facilitate the knowledge of well being of relatives in these areas."
The other measures include setting up call centres in Gujarat with helpline number 1948 for telecom services and missing persons and the number should be accessible from other service areas.
The operators are asked to transmit messages or advisories through SMS from government/NDMA and Met Department to all subscribers in the state.
"Endeavour shall be made to provide wi-fi hotspots in relief camps being organised by respective state government on the lines of facilities provided during recent J&K floods," it said.
The DoT said all national long distance service providers and VSAT providers shall also extend help to meet the challenge by sharing infrastructure for immediate restoration of telecommunication facilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After SCs scathing remark against Centre  Congress and AAP say BJP running away from fresh polls inDelhiPrint
BJP has been officially maintaining that it will take a decision on government formation after getting an invite from the LG. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:54 am
After the apex court on Tuesday rapped the Centre and the Lt Governor over the delay in government formation in Delhi, AAP and Congress have charged that BJP was “running away” from fresh polls in the national capital, claims which were promptly countered by the saffron outfit.
“BJP is not confident of winning Assembly elections, that is why they are delaying it. It is playing dirty politics over the issue. If BJP had the magic numbers, it would have formed the government in the national capital,” AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal told reporters here.
“BJP knows it doesn’t have the numbers… which is why it running away from fresh elections,” he said.
Kejriwal also accused Delhi LG Najeeb Jung of favouring one particular party instead of protecting the Constitution.
“It is very sad that instead of protecting constitution, the Lt Governor is working on the direction of one political party,” he said.
Congress, too, hit out at BJP in the wake of the Supreme Court reprimand earlier on Tuesday and said that it was adopting different “tactics” to delay Assembly elections in Delhi.
“From day one we are saying that BJP is running away from fresh elections. They are just finding excuses one after another. Congress will oppose BJP and can never think of an AAP-BJP government in Delhi… we will fully oppose it,” said DPCC chief Arvinder Singh.
“If BJP had the numbers, they would have formed the government.
“It is clear that they don’t have the numbers, inviting BJP to form the government is not reasonable,” he averred.
Reacting sharply to the allegations, BJP charged that former Delhi chief minister Kejirwal had left the people of the city in a limbo after he quit office here to pursue his prime ministerial ambitions.
“People of Delhi had given Mr Kejriwal the kind of mandate where his AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress.
“Ironically, in a hurry to become the prime minister of the country, Mr Kejriwal left the people of Delhi in a limbo and rushed to Varanasi. But after he was taught a lesson throughout the country, on Tuesday he has come back to Delhi and is expecting that the people of Delhi would support him,” said BJP national spokesperson Sambit Patra.
In the Lok Sabha polls earlier this year, Kejriwal had unsuccessfully contested against Narendra Modi in Varanasi while his party managed to win only four seats.
Stating that in a democracy, President’s Rule cannot go on forever, the Supreme Court on Tuesday questioned as to why the authorities had failed to act expeditiously in the matter of government formation in Delhi.
The Centre, for its part, told SC that President Pranab Mukherjee continued…

Youth to mark Nov 2 as Kiss Day to challenge moral policing inKeralaPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:00 pm
To express the freedom of love in the wake of BJP vandalism against a coffee shop in Kozhikode alleging immoral activities, a group of youngsters have announced “kiss day” in Kochi on November 2.
Last week, Congress-owned Jaihind TV had aired news, alleging immoral activities at a hotel named downtown café. Within hours, the hotel was attacked by a gang of Yuva Morcha, the youth outfit of BJP. The incident had created an outrage in the social media and support has been pouring in for youngsters’ right to express their love.
A group of youths led by short filmmaker Rahul Pasupalan had opened a Facebook page for “kiss of love” three days back. Around 2,600 persons have so far accepted the invitation to join the event to be held at Marine Drive at the shore of Kochi backwaters.
* This is the video that triggered the Yuva Morcha attack
The Facebook page said participants should come with a placard “kiss of love” to the Marine Drive at 5 pm on November 2. Let the lovers among the participants kiss each other. Let us convince the wholesale dealers of morality how human beings express love. The social media campaign has also invited the TV channel for exclusive coverage of the kissing. “The event would be an open challenge to moral policing,” says Pasupalan.
Noted writer N S Madhavan tweeted, “this is Kerala’s pink chaddi moment. Remember how social media campaign against Mangalore pub attacks resulted in moral police chief Pramod Muthalick of Sri Ram Sena getting drowned under a sea of pink underwear. Calicut (Kozhikode) incident was worse. A private channel was a co conspirator. So when the regular media is a perpetrator, where can the answer come except from social media. I have to warn about equally vigilante Kerala police who can misuse section 294 of IPC against public display of affinity. Well-intentioned youth behind the campaign should be cautious.”
However, Kochi city police commissioner K G James said police would not allow the kissing event. “We are not going to allow such an event in a public place,” said James.

Dubai-based Indian-origin eye surgeon honoured inLondonBy: Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:36 pm
A Dubai-based Indian-origin doctor has been conferred the prestigious Mahatma Gandhi Pravasi Samman for his contributions to healthcare. Vinod Gauba, 36, who has worked with the less fortunate and visually impaired, was presented with the award earlier this month by Baroness Verma at the House of Lords in London.
He was awarded for his pioneering role in the field of ophthalmology. The ‘Mahatma Gandhi Pravasi Samman’ is presented to 20 recipients selected from over 30 million Non-Resident Indians or people of Indian origin for exceptional achievements in various fields. “With Dubai fast becoming the Middle Eastern healthcare hub, we are proud to possess a premier level of expertise and technology in the UAE, attracting patients not only from the region but from all across the globe,” Gauba said.
Gauba is based at Dubai Healthcare City, a multispecialty surgery centre for providing specialised eyecare.

Tunisians shun Islamists in vote forstabilityCivil servants discuss at results from the Tunis region parliamentary elections in a Tunis voting center, Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Tunis | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:26 pm
Tunisia’s well-organized Islamists have been defeated in parliamentary elections, paying the price for the turbulent years they ruled after the Arab Spring that saw the rise of terrorist groups in this North African nation.
Voters sought security and stability with familiar faces from Tunisia’s more authoritarian past, but the Islamists’ substantial weight in the new parliament will make them a player in any future government.
Civil servants sit at results from the Tunis region parliamentary elections in a Tunis voting center, Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
Results from the official election commission are just beginning to trickle in, with only three Tunisian districts reported by Tuesday morning. But exit polling and statistical sampling of voting station results by observer groups have produced a remarkably uniform picture.
The party Nida Tunis (Tunisia Calls) led by an 87-year-old veteran politician from the previous regime took around 35 percent of the seats of the parliament, giving it the right to present a prime minister and form a governing coalition. The Islamists trailed with just 25 percent of the seats.
Nida Tunis presented itself as the answer to the moderate Islamists of the Ennahda Party, which had struggled to guide the country through post-revolutionary turmoil after dominating the 2011 elections. Critics charged the Islamists with being soft on terrorists and incompetent managers.
“I promise only one thing and that is to re-establish the state,” Beji Caid Essebsi, the founder of Nida Tunis, said in an interview on national TV late Monday. “All our problems resulted from the lack of a state.”
Essebsi was a foreign minister in the 1980s, under the country’s first post-independent president Habib Bourguiba, and was briefly interim prime minister in 2011, after the revolution. Essebsi evokes the good old days of Tunisia, with a strong economy and a focus on education — while ignoring its authoritarian aspects.
The party effectively tapped into voters’ fear of instability, as food prices put a strain on the middle class and the assassination of left-wing politicians and militant attacks in the mountains struck fear into ordinary Tunisians.
“It’s an expression of the disillusionment of Tunisians and being fed up with the last three years,” said Chawki Gaddes, an analyst at Tunis University. “There was a degraded economic situation, the emergency of jihadi movements, and political assassinations that Tunisia had never known before.”
One fact that may certainly have helped Nida Tunis was a 24-hour standoff between counterterrorism forces and suspect militants in a Tunisian suburb just two days before elections, which left seven people dead, including continued…

Acer Aspire E15 review: A better bet for student than buying atabletPrint
If you are looking for a very affordable, full function laptop then the Acer Aspire E15 is definitely a good option.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:23 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:48 pm
We don’t talk much about laptops these days. All the conversation about computing seems to be centred around smartphones and tablets. But there are still lots of people who are picking up their first laptops, especially in a country like India. College students for instance need a proper computer with a keyboard and an optical disc drive to do much of their work. The tablet falls short of much of their needs. But is it possible to buy a good functional laptop for the price of a tablet? I think I’ve found the answer in the new Acer Aspire E15.
Specs: Windows 8.1 OS | 15.6-inch 1366x768p HD LED True Cinematic display | Intel Celeron N2830  Dual-core 2.16 GHz | 2GB DDR3L SDRAM | 500GB Storage | DVD writer | HDMI | USB 2.0 x 2; USB 3.0 x 1 | Card reader | 2.4 kg
Price: Rs 20,999
Design: The E15 is a large laptop with a 15.6-inch screen, the type that has started becoming rare these days. But this means the laptop is ideal for those who need a lot of real estate to work on — for instance, those working on design needs and research. However, despite the size, the E15 is far from bulky. Yes, it is heavy at 2.4 kg, but it is relatively slim with a maximum height of 27.15 mm.
The review unit I got was all-black with a matte finished body. The wrist rest and he rear of the clamshell had a perforated texture. The trackpad is at the same level as the keys, while the keyboard itself was housed a level below. There is just one power button outside the keyboard, and this makes the design uncomplicated and simple.
The full size finetip keyboard is good to work on with just the right amount of travel on the keys. However, I found the edges of the laptop to be a bit too sharp and my wrists felt strained after I had written a 500-word piece using the E15. You might need to pad up this sharp edge if you want to use the computer for long hours.
The ports are all in the rear, just under the screen. The lower half of the clamshell rises up towards the screen to accommodate all the HDMI, LAN and two USB ports. Even power point is at the rear.
Display: The HD display is good for all types of uses and does not have much glare. No, it is not a touchscreen and there is no FullHD, but then this is a budget laptop.
Performance: The E15, for obvious reasons, is not powered by a Intel Core i3 or i5 processor. What it has is the Bay Trail based Intel Celeron N2830 processor, which has better power efficiency that third gen Core i3 processors, but might be a bit lacking when it comes to processing and overall features. However, for the price point this offers a good value proposition. It is not as sprightly as the latest Core i3 processors and will groan a bit if pushed to the limit as I discovered by browsing the web using the Chrome and over a dozen tabs running. But I was pleased to the see the laptop remain cool even under pressure. This one won’t trouble you much if you are doing regular stuff, but it is not built for anything more tiresome. The E15 starts up really quickly and wakes up from sleep in under 10 seconds.
Verdict: If you are looking for a very affordable, full function laptop then the Acer Aspire E15 is definitely a good option. I would recommend this for high school and college students, but not for those who are looking for a business laptop. But yes this costs just as much, or even lower that a lot of tablets and if you are looking to be productive then the E15 might prove to be the better bet.

Six children drown in pond in Saharsa during Chhath PujapreparationsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:23 pm
Six children, aged between 10 and 12 years, drowned in a village pond in Saharsa during Chhath Puja preparations on Tuesday morning. The four-day Chhath Puja began on Monday. The evening offering to Sun god will be made on Wednesday evening.
Police said the incident took place inside the premises of a petrol pump at Sadar police station area where 12 children had gone to prepare ghats near a pond. Children were not accompanied by their parents or guardians.
Of 12 children who had gone inside the pond, six manged to come out of it. Sadar police station in-charge Suryakant Pandey confirmed the incident and said as the pond was privately owned, local administration did not monitor ghat preparations there.

Maruti s new Swift has enhanced fuel efficiencyMaruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency starting at Rs 4.42 lakh
By PTI | 28 Oct, 2014, 03.58PM IST
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) today launched refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
"The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 per cent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," MSI Executive Director Marketing & Sales, R S Kalsi said in a statement.
With this change, the company retains the DNA of the Swift and yet add features to make the product more exciting, he added.
"The reborn Swift is a tribute to the bestseller of the industry and in line with Maruti Suzuki's commitment to the customers to keep refining our models and win their hearts," Kalsi said.
The company has sold over 12 lakh Swift cars till date, he added.
According to the company, the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl, up by 10 per cent from the outgoing model while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variants has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl.
The introductory prices of the petrol variants of the car range between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.9 lakh, while the diesel versions of the car are priced between Rs 5.56 and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Suzuki Swift facelift set for India launch
of 8
Source: indianautosblog.com
The Suzuki Swift facelift, which is already on sale in many global markets, is seen at the 2014 Moscow Motor Show (Moscow International Auto Salon 2014) which started today for the media.
LED daytime running lights
On the outside, the refreshed Swift gets LED daytime running lights on its foglight enclosure, a design highlight resembling the older Hyundai i20.
Source: indianautosblog.com
Silver detailing
Silver detailing on the lower part of the front bumper, a new color dubbed 'Boost Blue', and new wheel caps for non-alloy wheel variants complete the changes outside.
Source: indianautosblog.com
New seat fabrics
Inside, the car gets new seat fabrics, power folding wing mirrors, an auto-up function for the driver side power window and automatic headlights.
Source: indianautosblog.com
1.2-litre four-cylinder VVT (petrol) engine
The hatchback is available in 3- and 5-door body styles in Russia, and is powered by the 1.2-litre four-cylinder VVT (petrol) engine which is capable of producing 92.5 bhp and 118 Nm of torque.

FII stake in SKS soars to record high of 44.72%finance
(In terms of numbers, the…)
NEW DELHI: Continuing with the bullish stance on SKS Microfinance, foreign investors have hiked their stake in it to all-time high of 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in the company's share price.
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), which held 36.90 per cent stake in SKS at the end of September 30 last year, raised its stake to 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter of 2014-15, as per the latest information available with the stock exchanges.
This marks the fourth quarterly increase in FII holding in SKS Microfinance, India's only listed player in the sector .
FIIs have been raising their exposure in the Hyderabad- based firm since June last year. They had 35.83 per cent stake in the micro finance firm at the end of June 30, 2013. Their holding stood at a record low of 8.33 per cent during the June quarter of 2012.
In comparison, overseas investors had 44.61 per cent stake in the microfinance firm in the June quarter this year.
In terms of numbers, the FII count jumped to 91 at the end of September quarter this year from 75 in the preceding three-month period.
There was over eight per cent surge in SKS share price between July and September, while the BSE benchmark index Sensex moved up around 4.78 per cent during the period.
SKS stock was trading at Rs 316 per share on the BSE today. The company's scrip had touched its 52-week high of Rs 348.35 last month.
However, the stock had taken a major beating since its listing in August 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,000 per share. There had been a major policy clampdown on micro finance institutions following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by them.
The company had debuted on the bourses after sale of shares in Initial Public Offer at a price of Rs 985 apiece.
Analysts believes that company's good performance on financial front and strong loan portfolio has helped FIIs to rush towards it.
During the quarter, SKS's net profit jumped to Rs 56.8 crore from Rs 16.3 crore in the year-ago period. Besides, the company's revenues rose to 190.11 crore from Rs 129.95 crore during the three months ended September 30, 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex gains over 125 pts; Nifty ends above 8 000 |  Stage set for next big bull runSensex gains over 125 pts; Nifty ends above 8,000
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(The 30-share index ended…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark Sensex today rebounded about 128 points to end at over one-month high and Nifty reclaimed the 8,000-mark on the back of good corporate earnings and rising hopes of a cut in interest rates.
Pharma, banking and power shares led the rise, amid positive cues from global markets as Europe opened higher.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices, which will help India cut current account deficit and ease fuel price inflation further, also buoyed sentiments, brokers said.
The 30-share BSE Sensex index, after opening firm at 26,788.73, improved to touch day's high of 26,907.14. It settled with a net gain of 127.92 points, or 0.48 per cent, at over one-month high of 26,880.82.
Yesterday, Sensex shed 98.15 points on profit-booking. The 50-share NSE Nifty recovered 35.90 points, or 0.45 per cent, to close at 8,027.60 after shuttling between 8,037.80 and 7,995.05. It had shed 22.85 points yesterday.
Recovery was supported by gains in Sun Pharma which climbed 4.64 per cent. Cipla surged 3.31 per cent, SBI rose 2.67 per cent, ICICI Bank jumped 1.76 per cent and Tata Power gained 2.48 per cent among 17 Sensex gainers.
Pharma stocks gained after Ranbaxy, which is in the process of a USD 4 billion merger with Sun Pharma, reported consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for September quarter, pushing its share price by over 6 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers which helped indices to rebound included GAIL, BHEL, M&M, HDFC, TCS, ITC, L&T, and Coal India.
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting...Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts...," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Elsewhere in Asia, markets ended mostly mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve two-day monetary policy meet which starts later in the day.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index gained the most by surging 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent, Auto 0.33 per cent and Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent. On the other hand, BSE Oil & gas fell 0.23 per cent, FMCG by 0.12 per cent and Metal index by 0.03 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tamil Nadu fishermen observe fast in Sri Lankan prisonUpdated: October 28, 2014 15:51 IST
Tamil Nadu fishermen observe fast in Sri Lankan prison
PTI
The Hindu Fishermen in 631 mechanised boats from Rameswaram returned empty handed after Sri Lankan Navy allegedly threatened to arrest them.
TOPICS
prison
Twenty-four fishermen from Tamil Nadu, arrested by Sri Lankan Navy on charges of violating International Maritime Boundary Line and lodged in a prison in Jaffna, are on a fast since yesterday demanding their release.
The fishermen are demanding their immediate release along with their boats, according to T Sasuraja, president, Rameswaram Fishermen’s Association.
The fishermen, 16 from Pudukottai and eight from here, were arrested by the Navy on Sept 28 when they were fishing near Katchatheevu, an islet ceded to Sri Lanka by India in 1974. A Sri Lankan court ordered to lodge them in a prison in Jaffna.
Meanwhile, fishermen in 631 mechanised boats from here, who went to sea on Monday, returned without fishing on Tuesday after the Sri Lankan Navy threatened to arrest them.

Jobs that could potentially kill you: Apply at your own riskTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 7:07 AM IST - India Markets closed
Will your job kill you?
Apply at your own risk.
Even a good job has its drawbacks. That's the case with these 18 -- they're well-paying, society-building occupations for which workers potentially risk their emotional and physical health when clocking in each day. You don't have to just take our word for it, though. Learn more about the professions the US Bureau of Labor Statistics reports have the highest fatal work injury rates and that the job website CareerCast has deemed the most stressful.
Prev Next
General Construction Workers
General construction labour ranges from digging trenches to building scaffolding, so the types of potential on-the-job injury also vary. According to the BLS, general construction workers are susceptible to the "fatal four:" falls, electrocution, being struck by an object or getting caught/trapped in between two surfaces.
General Construction Workers
General construction labour ranges from digging trenches to building scaffolding, so the types of potential on-the-job injury also vary. According to the BLS, general construction workers are susceptible to the "fatal four:" falls, electrocution, being struck by an object or getting caught/trapped in between two surfaces.
Movies are a great source of inspiration, and while there is no dearth of good fictional movies, what … More » Seven film biographies to inspire every entrepreneur
Today on Yahoo
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 feature phone at Rs 1649The Nokia 130 comes with a built-in video and music player and claims to offer 46 hours of continuous playback.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 3:34 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 1:17 pm
Microsoft Devices has launched the Nokia 130 at a price of Rs 1649 in India. The feature phone comes with a built-in video and music player. Microsoft claims to offer 46 hours of continuous playback and 36 days of standby battery life on a single charge. Other features include flashlight, FM radio and USB charging.
“The Nokia 130 is ideal for first time mobile phone buyers or people seeking a reliable backup phone to complement their existing smartphone,” said Raghuvesh Sarup, Director – Marketing, Nokia India Sales Pvt. Ltd, a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy.
The phone features a 1.8-inch color display and users can store up to 6,000 songs on a 32GB SD card. It comes with Bluetooth-enabled SLAM application and USB connectivity. The Nokia 130 Dual SIMis available in Red, Black and White colour options.
Specs:
Up to 36 days standby, 13 hours 2G talk time. 46 hours music playback, 16 hours video playback
1.8-inch QQVGA color display

A plea to high finance: can we give kisses a miss© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07c19d72-3a89-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Senior VP Prabhudas LiladherDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

McDonalds: Eating their lunch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be07897a-5b63-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government May Consider Raw Sugar Export Incentive After October 29Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: The government will consider extending the incentives for raw sugar exports after October 29 when leading cane growing states forecast their sugar output for the new season beginning October, two sources said on Monday.
"The cane commissioners of leading cane growing states will present their estimates on Oct. 29 and that will set the ball rolling for a decision on raw sugar export subsidy in 2014-15," a government official with direct knowledge of the matter said.
In February, government gave Rs 3,300 ($53.82) a tonne subsidy for production and exports of up to 4 million tonnes of raw sugar to help mills cut down large stockpiles.
However, a delay in extending the incentives for the new 2014-15 season had led to misgivings in some quarters that New Delhi was against giving subsidy for overseas shipments of raw sugar.
($1 = 61.31 rupees)

MD  Country Head Credit SuisseExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Mihir J. Doshi is Managing Director and Country CEO of Credit Suisse, India. He joined Credit Suisse in April 2006 and is based in Mumbai. He is a member of the Asia Pacific Management Committee and the Emerging Markets Council. He served as a Member on the Managing Director Evaluation Committee (MDEC) during 2009, 2010, and 2011. Before joining Credit Suisse, he spent 22 years at Morgan Stanley in various capacities, primarily in New York, Tokyo, and Mumbai. His last position was Managing Director and CEO of JM Morgan Stanley Securities Pvt. Ltd. and he is credited with building Morgan Stanley’s presence in India. He holds a BS (Honors) from NYU Stern and a CPA from New York state, which he gained while working with Deloitte Haskins and Sells, New York.
ABOUT Mihir Doshi
Mihir J. Doshi is Managing Director and Country CEO of Credit Suisse, India. He joined Credit Suisse in April 2006 and is based in Mumbai. He is a member of the Asia Pacific Management Committee and the Emerging Markets Council. He served as a Member on the Managing Director Evaluation Committee (MDEC) during 2009, 2010, and 2011. Before joining Credit Suisse, he spent 22 years at Morgan Stanley in various capacities, primarily in New York, Tokyo, and Mumbai. His last position was Managing Dire...

L&T Bags Contract to Build  Statue of Unity  for Rs 2 979 CroreAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Gandhinagar: The work order for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project 'Statue of Unity' - planned as the world's tallest statue of India's first home minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, was issued by the Gujarat government to engineering company Larsen and Toubro (L&T) on Monday.
Work on the 182-metre tall statue of Sardar Patel is to be completed at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore, said Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel, who presided over the function of handing over the work order.
"This huge construction work will be completed in four years at a cost of Rs 2,979 crore. The contract has been given to the country's leading construction company Larsen and Toubro," Ms Patel said in her address while giving the contract order to L&T.
"Rs 1,347 crore will be spent on the main statue, Rs 235 crore will be spent on the exhibition hall and convention centre, while Rs 83 crore will be spent on the bridge connecting the memorail to the main land and Rs 657 crore would be spent to maintain the structure until 15 years after it is completed," she said.
The 182-metre-tall 'Statue of Unity', which would be double the size of New York's 'Statue of Liberty' (93 metres), would inspire future generations, she said.
"The project will include an exhibition hall and audio-visual presentation on the life of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, which will become the centre of attraction for tourists from the all over the world," she added.
Ms Patel also said that 75,000 cubic metres of concrete, 5,700 metric tonnes of steel structure, 18,500 steel rods and 22,500 metric tonne of bronze will be used for the project. She claimed that the project will generate employment in the tribal area of Narmada district as well as boost the tourism sector.
The statue will be built at Sadhu Island approximately 3.5 km south of Sardar Sarovar Dam at Kevadia area in Narmada district of the state of Gujarat.
The project was launched by former Gujarat Chief Minister Mr Modi on October 31, 2013, on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary.
Mr Modi had also launched a country-wide campaign to collect iron to build the 'Statue of Unity' and the Gujarat government has claimed that iron was collected from around seven lakh villages across the nation.
The Gujarat state government had invited expression of interest from all over the world for the project.
After completion of the tender process, L&T has been given the contract of to execute the 'Statue of Unity' project.
Turner Construction, which built Dubai's famous architectural structure 'Burj Khalifa', is a consultant to the project.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 22:01 (IST)

Alternate stress test hits French banksAlternative stress tests find French banks are weakest in Europe
Tom Braithwaite
Measure based on market capitalisation says they are most risky
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fad2c772-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alleged black money account holders donated to BJP  CongTimblo, Lodhia made donations to BJP, Congress
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi/Panaji, Oct 27 (IANS) Radha S. Timblo, managing director of a Goa-based mining company, and bullion trader Chamanbhai Lodhia of Gujarat, two of the three businesspersons accused of stashing black money abroad, have donated money to the BJP and Congress, according to watchdog NGOs.
While Timblo, head of Timblo Pvt Ltd, had donated Rs.1.18 crore to the BJP and Rs.65 lakh to the Congress from 2004-12, Lodhia donated Rs.51,000 to the BJP, according to the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR) and National Election Watch (NEW).
The details of the donations made by the companies, according to a press statement, have been sourced from the list of political donations listed on the Election Commission web site.
"An analysis of the donations made by individuals and corporates to the national parties between 2004-05 and 2011-12 shows that Timblo Pvt Ltd ... donated nine times to the BJP amounting to Rs.1.18 crores and thrice to the Congress, amounting to Rs.65 lakhs in seven years," the statement said.
The central government Monday filed an affidavit with the Supreme Court disclosing the names of Timblo, Lodhia and former Dabur executive Pradip Burman who allegedly stashed black money abroad and thus evaded tax.
Timblo Pvt Ltd is one of the many mining companies accused of carrying out illegal mining by the Justice M.B. Shah commission, which exposed a Rs.35,000 crore illegal mining scam in the state.
Speaking to reporters earlier Monday, Timblo said she needs to study the government's affidavit to the apex court before commenting.
"I will have to study the affidavit first," she said, when asked for her comment, and added that she will give her reaction to the Supreme Court.
In Gujarat, Lodhia claimed innocence even as he complimented Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the drive against black money.
"I am nothing compared to big people who could be (having) black money. I can say that I have no Swiss bank account. I believe that accounts of big politicians should be taken to task," he told the media in Rajkot.
"Though my name has come into this, I want to say that Narendra Modi has taken (the) best step. I will totally cooperate with the government and share all the details. I am innocent," he said.
According to the ADR-NEW statement, there are a total of 13 electoral Trusts, only seven of which have been approved by the Central Bureau of Direct Taxes (CBDT) because they were formed after the CBDT rules governing electoral trusts were notified Jan 31, 2013.
The seven trusts formed after the CBDT rules came into effect are required to submit details of their donations to the Election Commission.
The remaining six formed before the CBDT rules came into existence are not required to do so. These six trusts have donated more than Rs.105 crore to national parties between 2004-05 and 2011-12. Details of these donations are not known.
Recommend

Good news for those who dont like judicial opinionsBy Will Baude October 27
Adam Liptak has a story in The New York Times about the Supreme Court’s unexplained orders. It begins:
People used to complain that Supreme Court decisions were too long and tangled. Those were the days.
In recent weeks, the court has addressed cases on the great issues of the day without favoring the nation with even a whisper of explanation. In terse orders, the court expanded the availability of same-sex marriage, let a dozen abortion clinics in Texas reopen, and made it harder to vote in three states and easier in one.
Judges and lawyers who used to have to try to make sense of endless, opaque opinions now have to divine what the Supreme Court’s silence means.
There is something odd about the court’s docket these days. When the court considers a minor case on, say, teeth whitening, it receives a pile of briefs, hears an hour of arguments and issues a carefully reasoned decision noting every justice’s position.
When the stakes are higher, the court turns oracular.
“The court’s unexplained orders don’t always live up to its otherwise high standards of legal craft,” said William Baude, a law professor at the University of Chicago. …
I’m quoted several other times in the story, and you can read the whole thing to get my thoughts. There have been some other criticisms of the Court’s opacity lately, such as this piece by Rick Hasen (accessible via Google ), and this Economist post .
I don’t agree with all of the calls for transparency, including Hasen’s (for reasons I discussed here and here ). But I do think that some of the orders merit more explanation than they’ve gotten.
My more extended thoughts on the court’s orders docket will be coming out later this year in the NYU Journal of Law and Liberty’s Supreme Court issue.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

US issues guidelines over EbolaUS issues guidelines over Ebola
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5580e382-5e25-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vice President- Institutional Research Religare Capital MarketsVice President- Institutional Research
Religare Capital Markets
Gaurang Kakkad, Equity Research Analyst at Religare Capital Markets Limited. He has a B.E in Mechanical Engineering from University of Pune, and has done his MBA in Finance from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies. At present he tracks FMCG and Media sector.
ABOUT Gaurang Kakkad,
Gaurang Kakkad, Equity Research Analyst at Religare Capital Markets Limited. He has a B.E in Mechanical Engineering from University of Pune, and has done his MBA in Finance from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies. At present he tracks FMCG and Media sector.

TATA Power to complete Vietnamese power plant in Long Phu in 2019TATA Power to complete Vietnamese power plant in Long Phu in 2019
http://usat.ly/1FRil7sFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Can news media meet the Ebola challenge?
It's clear that the Ebola story is not going away anytime soon. That presents the news media with a serious challenge -- and a major opportunity.
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Can news media meet the Ebola challenge? It's clear that the Ebola story is not going away anytime soon. That presents the news media with a serious challenge -- and a major opportunity. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wwbASZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Can news media meet the Ebola challenge?
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 7:35 p.m. EDT October 27, 2014
News media take video of Ebola information outside an apartment building in New York. A 5-year-old boy, who lives in the building who recently returned to New York City from the West African nation of Guinea, is being tested for Ebola after he was rushed to the hospital Monday with symptoms consistent with the disease, according to health officials.
(Photo: Don Emmert, AFP/Getty Images)
38 CONNECT 58 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It's clear that the Ebola story is not going away anytime soon. That presents the news media with a serious challenge — and a major opportunity.
Ebola has all the elements that can bring out journalism's worst instincts, and in some cases already has, with cable being a prime offender. And it can be a social media nightmare as misinformation ricochets through the Twitterverse.
That's particularly true with Ebola not just in faraway Africa, where it has done such serious damage, but also in the United States, where last Thursday it made its well-chronicled debut in  New York City.
Nurse quarantined in N.J. to be released
That the Ebola story is a big deal is unarguable. The Ebola outbreak has  infected more than 10,000 people and has killed nearly 5,000 so far. It has a mortality rate of 70% , according to the World Health Organization.
And as the disease spread to the USA, some blithe reassurances have quickly unraveled. The performance of  Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas hardly helped calm the nerves. It clearly wasn't ready to deal with the first Ebola patient in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, who had contracted the disease in Liberia. Two of the nurses treating him caught the disease.
Voices: Volunteer doctors protect us from Ebola
So Ebola is a huge international story, and its arrival here demands intense coverage. But not too intense. The challenge is keep some perspective, to inform without panicking the populace.
A newspaper vendor holds up a copy of the 'New York Post' in front of the  entrance to  Bellevue Hospital Oct. 24, 2014, in New York,  the morning after it was confirmed that Craig Spencer, a member of Doctors Without Borders, who recently returned to New York from West Africa tested positive for Ebola.
(Photo: Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images)
Four cases — three of them involving health care workers who have had close contact with Ebola patients — is hardly an epidemic. And the disease, while deadly once you get it, is not spread through the air, only via bodily fluids. So it's pretty hard to get.
That leads to a big-time journalistic juggling act, one in which it is all too easy to drop the balls.
And cable, off course, has dropped plenty of them. Witness the devastating collage of Hysteria TV put together by Jon Stewart earlier this month. The breathless, alarmist reports, many from CNN and Fox, are the antithesis of what responsible journalists should be doing.

Nifty back to above 8 000 levels; top 20 stocksSensex, Nifty trading in a range; top 20 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Oct 28, 2014, 11.50AM IST
(Nifty index also came off…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared some of its gains of over 100 points in trade on Tuesday, but was still trading in a range with a positive bias, led by gains in ICICI Bank, HDFC, L&T, SBI and Sun Pharma.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came off from its intraday high and was trading around its crucial psychological level of 8000, weighed down by losses in metals, oil & gas, power and metal stocks.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,796.82, up 43 points or 0.16 per cent. It touched a high of 26,865.11 and a low of 26,776.08 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,002.05, up 10 points or 0.32 per cent. It touched a high of 8,020.80 and a low of 7,995.50 in trade today.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Divi's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1865 and a stop loss of Rs 1810
Karnataka Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 128 and a stop loss of Rs 115
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 575 and a stop loss of Rs 558
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2700 and a stop loss of Rs 2604
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 244
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 155 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Biocon Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 469
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 843 and a stop loss of Rs 810
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 429 and a stop loss of Rs 409.50
Bharti Airtel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 392 and a stop loss of Rs 408
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Marksans Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 62 and a stop loss of Rs 56.50
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 601
Sin Pharama Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 837 and a stop loss of Rs 810
A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 260 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 192 and a stop loss of Rs 177
REC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 308 and a stop loss of Rs 280
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Analyst, Deen Dayal Investments
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2565
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3190 and a stop loss of Rs 2960
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1650 and a stop loss of Rs 1540
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1xx7JExFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Reliability survey: Infotainment 'plagues' new cars
Consumer Reports says infotainment systems appear to be the most troublesome feature in 2014 vehicles. And those problems suggest the vehicle as a whole could be unreliable.  "Infotainment system problems
Post to Facebook
Reliability survey: Infotainment 'plagues' new cars Consumer Reports says infotainment systems appear to be the most troublesome feature in 2014 vehicles. And those problems suggest the vehicle as a whole could be unreliable.  "Infotainment system problems Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tZxaSd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
47
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Reliability survey: Infotainment 'plagues' new cars
James R. Healey, USA TODAY 9:24 p.m. EDT October 27, 2014
Video Keywords Jeep Cherokee Fiat 500 Ford Fiesta Mercedes-Benz Nissan Pathfinder Grand Cherokee Jeep Grand Cherokee Cherokee aria systems consumer magazine sub compact USA today Fiat
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard takes a look at the six vehicles that Consumer Reports magazine says are giving their owners the most  trouble. /Sean Fujiwara
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  If reluctant to avoid a serious case of buyer's remorse
00:06  and influential consumer magazine says there's some cards you may want
00:09  to avoid at the moment. I'm Chris what did USA today
00:13  and consumer reports magazine has just listed the three cars and
00:17  three suvs. That place deadly blast in there and a listing
00:20  of most unreliable models. Why are owners having to keep bringing
00:25  back their cars to the dealers for repairs. Let's take a
00:28  look at some of them. The Fiat 500 L is the
00:31  squared off version of the final little 500 sub compact. But
00:35  ouch Fiat may really stand for fix it again Tony after
00:39  all. Honors the plane a problem with you connect entertainment system
00:43  and the transmission. The Ford Fiesta is also a fun little
00:48  car but donors say there's nothing fun about its automatic transmission.
00:53  Then there's the Mercedes-Benz CLA. It's so popular that Mercedes is
00:57  having trouble keeping it stopped but owners say they're seeing trouble
01:01  with the engine the aria systems and electrical. Plus they're pairing
01:05  squeaks and rattles something you'd never sitting countering a luxury car
01:09  as for suvs. Owners are complaining about the new Jeep Cherokee.
01:14  Never mind it's funky polarizing looks the issue here is bugs
01:18  in the new ninth speed transmission. And the four cylinder version
01:22  gets twice the number of complaints as the sex. The charities
01:25  larger sibling the Jeep Grand Cherokee as a new version of
01:29  the diesel engine. But the fuel system Ford is giving fits
01:32  to some honors. Lastly. Nissan Pathfinder is hugely popular as an
01:37  SUV but it got a new CBP transmission. And many owners
01:42  are less than thrilled. Models like the Mercedes CLA in the
01:45  Jeep Cherokee or new and that means there's issues to be
01:48  worked out. But these other guys what's their excuse for USA
01:53  today I'm Chris what you're.
The second-generation Scion xB has been a slow seller for Toyota, but it is the most reliable car overall in the latest Consumer Reports survey.
(Photo: Toyota)
402 CONNECT 265 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 47 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Consumer Reports says infotainment systems appear to be the most troublesome feature in 2014 vehicles.
In fact, it considers them a "growing first-year reliability plague," referring to models in the first year after introduction or a redesign.
That conclusion is part of the results announced today of the publication's annual Auto Reliability Survey. The publication solicits replies from readers to a questionnaire about their cars and analyzes the results -- this year based on more than a million responses -- to predict the reliability of new vehicles by brand and model.
CR said the worst example of the infotainment phenomena in this year's crop of new models is the In Touch system in the Infiniti Q50 sedan. More than one in five owners said it didn't work right. That, combined with other reliability issues in the Infiniti QX60 SUV, pulled Infiniti's overall brand reliability ranking down 14 places to 20th -- the biggest drop of any of the 28 brands in the survey this year.
Electronic issues also can be a signal that the vehicle may have other problems, the magazine said.
"Infotainment system problems generally don't exist in a vacuum," said Jake Fisher, director of automotive testing at Consumer Reports. "A close look at the results suggests that cars with a lot of in-car electronic issues usually have plenty of other troubles, too."
Entry-level 2014 Mercedes-Benz CLA250 is among the least reliable cars in the latest Consumer Reports reliability survey.Says CR: "A raft of problems, including squeaks and rattles; engine issues, bad audio and electrical problems." 
(Photo: Mercedes-Benz, Wieck)
The optional diesel in the the Jeep Grand Cherokee was big news when launched, and got a good review from Consumer Reports, but the diesel's fuel system has probed troublesome, putting it on the CR 'worst' list. 
(Photo: PR NEWSWIRE)
The Ford Fiesta nailed a low spot on Consumer Reports' 2014 reliability list because, CR says, "Owners didn’t like the automatic transmission." 
(Photo: Ford)
Nissan  Pathfinder, now a crossover SUV, got a new continuously variable-ratio automatic transmission (CVT) and "owners didn’t like," CR says. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Jeep Cherokee, belated replacement for the Jeep Liberty, is a boffo seller, but, Consumer Reports says, "The nine-speed transmission was an issue and the four-cylinder version had twice as many complaints as the V-6."  
(Photo: PR NEWSWIRE)
Fiat made the 500 bigger to draw more buyers. But the change didn't boost its reliability score in Consumer Reports' latest survey. CR: "Bad infotainment system, using a version of Chrysler‘s UConnect, and balky transmission."  
(Photo: Chris Carlson, AP)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

High-level functionary of political party s youth wing arrested in Rs 20 lakh extortion bidPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:58 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:21 pm
The Mizoram Police have arrested a high-ranking political party worker and his accomplice for threatening an Aizawl resident to pay Rs 20 lakhs. The Zoram Nationalist Party has however denied the party’s involvement.
Jacob Lianhuapa (40), currently chief organizer of the ZNP’s youth wing, and Vanlalliana (20), who has been living with Jacob for sometime, were arrested by investigators of the CID (Special Branch) late on Monday night.
Investigators said Jacob first called up S T Khama, a former ponzi scheme collector and one-time independent MLA candidate, on his cellphone in mid-October and asked him to pay their “outfit” Rs 20 lakhs.
Jacob did not identify himself or mention what the “outfit” was, but gave S T Khama a deadline of October 26 to make the payment and said “we will do what needs to be done” if he did not.
Khama informed the police, and the CID (SB) was roped in to investigate. In the meantime, Khama negotiated with Jacob saying he would pay them Rs 3 lakhs first, and an Aizawl hotel was designated a drop-off point.
“The money was delivered on Sunday to the hotel, but the Jacob not pick it up immediately. On Monday he paid a coolie to collect the money and asked him to leave it with an elderly hawker. His accomplice Vanlalliana then picked it up from the hawker in the evening,” said a CID (SB) official.
Plainclothes policemen from the unit immediately tracked him on foot for several hours and eventually arrested Jacob and Vanlalliana on Monday night on a side alley in Aizawl’s Chanmari neighbourhood.
“We have no information that Jacob is connected to a militant group so it is likely he acted for his own benefit. It is unclear if he was doing this as part of party activity,”the investigator said.
Lalmuanpuia Punte, ZNP youth president, denied knowledge of the incident and said, “The ZNP did not in any way ask these men to carry out these activities.”
The Zoram Nationalist party immediately stripped Jacob Lianhuapa of his position as Chief Organizer of the party’s youth wing on Tuesday afternoon, when news of his arrest spread.

India-Vietnam sign crucial agreements; PM Modi stresses on importance of tiesIndia-Vietnam
(India and Vietnam signed…)
NEW DELHI: India and Vietnam signed many crucial agreements during the visit of the latter country's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung. PM Modi invited the Vietnamese companies to join the accelerated economic growth programme 'Make in India' for reaping the benefits of this new initiative. They agreed to utilize the Customs Cooperation Agreement and Maritime Shipping Agreement between the two countries for facilitating more intensive economic engagement.
The following Agreements were signed in the presence of Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Dung: (i) MoU on the Establishment of Nalanda University; (ii) MoU on Conservation and Restoration of the World Heritage Site of My Son, Quang Nam Province, Vietnam; (iii) MoU on Establishing the Centre for English Language and Information Technology Training at the Telecommunications University; (iv) Cultural Exchange Programme 2015-17; (v) MoU on Exchange of Audio-Visual Programmes; (vi) HoA between OVL and PetroVietnam; and (vii) MoU between ONGC and PetroVietnam.
PM Modi said that India's defence cooperation with Vietnam is among the most important ones. "India remains committed to the modernization of Vietnam's defence and security forces. This will include expansion of our training programme, which is already very substantial, joint exercises and cooperation in defence equipment," he said. "We will quickly operationalise the 100 million dollars Line of Credit that will enable Vietnam acquire new naval vessels from India. We have also agreed to enhance our security cooperation, including in counter-terrorism," he added.
 
Applauding the people of Vietnam, Modi said, "We are two developing nations. We have been steadfast in our support for each other and we have stood with each other in difficult moments. We in India admire the people of Vietnam for the courage and resolve with which they have overcome many formidable challenges to their nation."
"We have also agreed to increase our cooperation in Space, including in space applications and launch of Vietnam's satellites, and in peaceful uses of civil nuclear energy" he said.
"We emphasized the need for stronger economic relationship as an essential component of a strong strategic partnership. We see great opportunities for increased trade and enhanced Indian participation in areas such energy, infrastructure, textiles, chemicals, machinery, agro-processing and information technology in Vietnam. We have offered to discuss additional lines of credit to support Vietnam's efforts to diversify its industry and economic linkages," Modi elaborated.
"Today, our partnership is important for promoting our nations'prosperity and essential for advancing peace and stability in our shared neighbourhood. We have shared interest in maritime security, including freedom of navigation and commerce and peaceful settlement of maritime disputes in accordance with international law," Modi stressed.
"Since entering office, my government has promptly and purposefully intensified our engagement in the Asia Pacific region, which is critical to India's future.It is no surprise that Vietnam has been at the forefront of our efforts," Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Britain s Lloyds Banking Group to cut 9 000 ...Britain's Lloyds Banking Group to cut 9,000 jobs by 2017 end
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 12.59PM IST
"In order to make the Group more efficient, we expect to exit 2017 with a cost:income ratio of around 45 percent" LBG said in a statement.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Britain's state-rescued Lloyds Banking Group announced on Tuesday that it intends to cut 9,000 jobs by the end of 2017 to reduce costs on its road to full recovery.
LBG, which passed EU-wide bank stress tests at the weekend, is to shed about one-tenth of its workforce and shutting about 150 branches over the next three years, it said in a statement.
The bank said it had returned to profit in the third quarter, posting pre-tax earnings of £751 million ($1.2 billion, 952 million euros) in the three months to the end of September compared with a loss of £440 million in the equivalent period one year earlier.
But it is setting aside another £900 million to cover the costs of compensating clients who were mis-sold an insurance policy -- a scandal which has rocked Britain's banks and cost LBG more than £11.3 billion including the latest provision.
The bank, which remains 25-percent owned by the British taxpayer, has meanwhile decided to cut its headcount by about one tenth with the loss of 9,000 jobs
This comes after it has already axed tens of thousands of staff since the 2008 financial crisis which triggered a multi-billion-pound state bailout of the lender.
"In order to make the Group more efficient, we expect to exit 2017 with a cost:income ratio of around 45 percent and are targeting reductions in each year of the plan," LBG said in a statement.
"We also anticipate a reduction of 9,000 full time roles by the end of 2017 and plan to make further simplification savings of £1 billion per annum by the end of 2017."

Engineering exports up 20% in SeptEngineering exports up 20% in Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
India’s engineering exports grew by over 20 per cent year-on-year to $6.48 billion in September on account of high demand particularly in South Asia and Middle East nations.
In September last year, these exports were at $5.38 billion, according to the Commerce Ministry data.
According to engineering exporters’ body EEPC India, in the current fiscal, three countries in South Asia are in the top 25 destinations of India’s engineering exports.
India’s engineering exports to Iran, Turkey and Jordan too have witnessed a healthy growth, EEPC India has said.
The sector contributes about 25 per cent in the country’s total outbound shipments.
It helped push India’s exports, which rose by 2.73 per cent to $28.9 billion in September.
The country’s total engineering exports for April-September this fiscal aggregated to about $35 billion.
Engineering exports include transport equipment, capital goods, other machinery/equipment and light engineering products like castings, forgings and fasteners.
The other sectors which recorded a healthy growth in September include rice (17.7 per cent), coffee (13.39 per cent), marine products (13.3 per cent), mica, coal and other ores (7.88 per cent), leather (13.72 per cent), gems and jewellery (11 per cent) and textiles (16 per cent).
To further boost the country’s exports, the government is expected to announce fiscal and non-fiscal incentives in the forthcoming foreign trade policy (FTP). It is expected to be released next month.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Tigerair to expand flights between Chennai and SingaporeTigerair to expand flights between Chennai and Singapore
Our Bureau
To add two additional weekly flights to meet increasing demand
Chennai, October 28:  
Tigerair, the Singapore-based budget carrier, will expand its service between Chennai and Singapore with two additional weekly flights on this route to meet the increasing demand from travellers.
It currently operates seven weekly flights between Chennai and Singapore. Beginning December 4, it will operate two additional weekly flights.
The first additional fight will depart Singapore on Thursday at 2300 hours local time and arrive in Chennai on Friday at 0115 hours local time. The second flight will depart Singapore on Saturday at 0740 hours and arrive in Chennai at 0915 hours. Bookings for both these flights are now available on Tigerair’s website www.tigerair.com, according to a company press release.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

VoxPop Clothing ties up with Mumbai City FCHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
VoxPop Clothing ties up with Mumbai City FC
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 28 :  
VoxPop Clothing has announced its partnership with the Indian Super League’s team, Mumbai City Football Club to launch an exclusive range of t-shirts for their fans. Mumbai City FC is owned by Bollywood actor Ranbir Kapoor and Bimal Parekh, a Mumbai based Chartered Accountant.
The clothing brand has been involved with entertainment licensing in the past and has created t-shirts of superhero characters like Batman, Spiderman, Avengers, Captain America, Game of Thrones, Superman, Ironman.
In a statement, Siddharth Taparia, CEO and Founder, VoxPop Clothing, said, “We have partnered with iconic brands like Disney, Warner Brothers and Game of Thrones and now it is great that we have entered in the sports category with our partnership with Mumbai City Football Club.”
Added Indranil Blah, CEO, Mumbai City Football Club, “We look forward to seeing our fans wearing the fan-wear created by VoxPop through and beyond this season of the ISL”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Indian online retail market to cross Rs 88k ...Indian online retail market to cross Rs 88,000 crore by 2018
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.36PM IST
Tags:
digital revolution
(According to RNCOS, the…)
GUWAHATI: Indian online retail market is estimated to grow over 4-fold to touch $ 14.5 billion (over Rs 88,000 crore) by 2018 on account of rapid expansion of e-commerce in the country.
According to research and consultancy firm RNCOS, the online retail market is projected to grow at a compound annual rate of 40-45 per cent during 2014-18.
"The Indian online retail market has been striding leaps and bounds over the past few years on account of digital revolution . The trend is expected to continue as the online retail market in India is estimated to touch the mark of $ 14.5 billion by 2018," a report by RNCOS said.
The current market size of online retail sector has been pegged at $ 3.5 billion (over Rs 21,000 crore), it added.
As per the 'White paper on Indian Online Retail Industry: The War of Clicks', India is among the most swiftly emerging online retail market across Asia-Pacific region although the expanse of e-commerce is at a sprouting stage.
"The major reasons for this growth will include the increasing penetration of mobile Internet, higher purchases of smartphones, need for ease of shopping, time convenience and higher mobility," the study paper said.
Heavy discounts offered by online portals will also propel the market growth, it added.
In terms of product segments, at present electronic gadgets claim the highest share followed by apparel and books.
"But it is likely that few years down the line, apparel and accessories will take over the top slot from electronic gadgets. In addition to this, home decor and furnishing will mark an increase in its share," RNCOS said.
The research firm said this increase will be primarily on account of growing acceptance of home grown apparel brands of online shopping portals and openness towards buying home decor and furniture online.
"Better payment and return policies will further fuel the increase," it added.
Some other factors helping the online retail industry seeing good growth include smartphones offering accessibility to online shopping, aspirations of tier II & III cities, women becoming more tech savvy, evolving perception around branded products, impulsive buying and logistical convenience.
RNCOS, however, said there are certain challenges which are hindering the industrial growth such as absence of proper Internet connections in many rural areas.
Moreover, some consumers are still sceptical about the security of online financial transactions, it added.
"Despite these glitches and predicaments, the future of the Indian retail online retail industry looks robust.
"There are more and more efforts from government and private players' end to meliorate the facility of logistics, increase the Internet penetration and facilitate better services for the end consumer," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: L-G gets Prez nod to invite BJP for govt formation; Kejriwal  Cong see redSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Maharashtra: BJP MLAs meet today  Fadnavis ahead in CM raceBJP MLAs meet, Fadnavis selected new Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:47 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Devendra Fadnavis was on Tuesday elected the new chief minister of Maharashtra.
BJP workers celebrate the party's victory in Maharashtra assembly polls, wearing masks of state president Devendra Fadnavis. (PTI photo)
Fadnavis, 44, was selected the legislative party leader by the new BJP MLAs in a meeting at Vidhan Bhavan in the presence of party's central observers, Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party's national general secretary J P Nadda.
Fadnavis and other state BJP leaders will now call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao and formally stake claim to form the government.
Fadnavis was the front runner in the CM race from the very beginning, except for a short hiccup when about 40 BJP MLAs from Vidarbha openly backed Union minister Gadkari for the top job.
But the RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat reportedly settled the issue by advising Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to become chief minister.
 To ally or not to ally
The Shiv Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on October 31.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP had on Sunday told the Sena to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) weakened the Sena's case further when its boss Sharad Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
Swearing-in on Friday
On Tuesday, central observers Union home minister Rajnath Singh, party general secretary (state in-charge) JP Nadda, state poll in-charge OP Mathur and former state in-charge general secretary Rajeev Pratap Rudy attended the meeting of the party's newly elected MLAs to select the CM candidate.
The swearing-in ceremony has been postponed by a day to Friday (October 31) so that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can attend it. A team of 15-20 ministers is expected to take oath.
The Wankhede Stadium is being decked up for the function, expected to be attended by 30,000 to 40,000 BJP workers coming from all corners of the state.

Supreme Court rejects review plea of death row convict Surinder Koli in NitharicasePrint
Nithari killer, Surinder Koli
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:36 pm
The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the plea by Nithari killer Surinder Koli seeking recall of the judgment upholding his death sentence in Rimpa Haldar murder case.
The apex court bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu, Justice Anil R. Dave and Justice S.A. Bobde, in the first open court hearing of the review petition of death sentence cases, said that “we are fully satisfied that this court has not committed any error that may persuade us to review the order” upholding his death sentence.
Referring to the argument by senior counsel Ram Jethmalani that Surinder Koli was not given a proper legal assistance to defend his case, the court directed that in future the trial court will ensure that the accused in other cases be given proper legal assistance by a lawyer of expertise and who can devote time.
Jethmalani said the entire evidence relied upon by the trial court in convicting and sentencing Koli to death clearly shows that he was tormented by the police to give evidence against himself and autopsy report shows that the murder of 14 children was done by medical expert precision with the objective of trading in organs.
During the hearing, Jethmalani said that an interview for a period of five minutes only with a legal aid lawyer was allowed to Koli before recording of his confession.
“It is mockery of the legal provision,” he said.
The court, however, rejected the contentions and said that it cannot reconsider the verdict in the case.
The plea on behalf of 42-year-old Koli was moved by a team of lawyers led by senior advocate Indira Jaising and was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the stay order was passed at 1:40 AM, hours before his execution.
Koli was to be hanged on the early morning of September 8, in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The lawyers had sought review of the apex court’s July 24, 2014 order dismissing the plea to stay the execution of death sentence awarded to Koli.
While seeking stay of execution of the capital punishment, the plea had referred to the September 2 verdict of the apex court in which it had held that the review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.

Ladakh organises inter school competitions to celebrate spirit of IndianarmyPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:16 pm
Inter school competitions like debating and painting contests, Polo, Tent Pegging and Archery were some of the events held in Ladakh during the last 20 days so as to commemorate the bravery and sacrifice of the Indian Army troops and the local people in defending Ladakh against Pakistani raiders after the 1947 partition.
The celebrations commenced with an inter school competition including football, volleyball, handball matches, besides debate and painting contests which were organized at Ladakh Scouts Regimental Centre, Phyang, from October 8-10, said a Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here. These were followed by T-20 cricket tournament at the newly constructed picturesue Colonel Sonam Wangchuk, MVC, Stadium. Eight teams from all over Ladakh region participated in the tournament, he added.
Polo, Tent Pegging and Archery competitions were also conducted from October 20 – 26. While eight teams from entire Ladakh participated in Polo event, 23 teams participated in Archery and 21 riders in Tent Pegging Competition. The grand finale of the event was conducted on October 26 and it was witnessed by a huge audience, the spokesman added.
Various events conducted during the grand finale included 16 kms and five kms run for both men and women, pipe band display by Pipe Band of Ladakh Scouts, cultural programme by students of TCV (SOS) School, melodious “Op Sadbhavana’’ song by Ladakh’s famous singer Phunchok Ladakhi. The main attraction of the event was finals of Polo match between teams of  Drass (A) and Ladakh Scouts (Red), the spokesman said, adding that the keenly contested match was won by latter by a comfortable margin of 12-01.
Pointing out that all these events were conducted by Army under Op Sadbhavana to give an impetus to traditional sports of Ladakh especially Polo and Archery, the spokesman said that in a departure from  the usual trend, the chief guest of the grand finale event was neither any officer from military or civil administration, nor politician. The chief guest and the guests of honour were those war veterans and war heroes who fought against Pakistani raiders in 1947 as part of “Nubra Guards’’ under the son of the soil Colonel Chhewang Rinchen, MVC. Seven such war heroes were present to grace the occasion including Honorary Lieutenant Sonam Joldan (chief guest), Padam Shree Sonam Wangial, Lance Naik Sonam Stobdan, Lance Naik Mutup Gurmet, besides Havaldar Punchok Stobdan, and Naik Dorjey Phunchok (Both Vir Chakra), and Naik Abdul Rahman, Sena Medal.
At the end of the event, Rigzin Spalpar, Chief Executive Councillor of the Leh Hill Development Council, felicitated the war heroes and conveyed his appreciation to the entire Fire and Fury Corps and Ladakh Scouts Regimental Centre for successfuln conduct of the event. A memorial service was also held at Leh war memorial where floral tributes were paid to brave martyrs by senior army and civil officers, besides veteran soldiers, gallantry award winners and veer naris.
Speaking on the occasion, Lt General B S Nego, General Officer Commanding of the Fire and Fury Corps stated that the Defenders of Ladakh Remembrance continued…

Italy president to testify in MafiatrialConvicted Mafia boss Toto Riina's lawyer Luca Cianferoni arrives at the Quirinale Presidential palace in Rome, Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Rome | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:15 pm
Prosecutors and judges have arrived at Italy’s presidential palace for an unprecedented hearing to take testimony from the head of state in the trial of a former government official accused of negotiating with Mafia bosses to end terror bombings in the 1990s.
Prosecutors want to question President Giorgio Napolitano about communications he had with a now-deceased aide whose dealings with the main suspect, former Interior Minister Nicola Mancino, are being investigated.
Mancino is on trial for allegedly negotiating with the Mafia following the 1993 bombings of churches in Rome, the Uffizi museum in Florence, and a Milan park. Mancino has denied any negotiations.
Napolitano has said he had nothing useful to tell the court. But he agreed to testify.
The hearing occurred behind closed doors with no media present.

Prominent defector says North Korea has taken his fatherhostageWeapons exports are a crucial source of hard currency for North Korea. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Seoul | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:00 pm
A prominent North Korean defector who has advocated U.N. action to stop the country’s human rights abuses said on Tuesday authorities have taken his father hostage in a campaign to discredit his story of survival and escape from a prison camp. North Korea has been on a diplomatic campaign to counter charges by a U.N. commission that highlighted widespread human rights abuses and a move by some member states to refer it to an international tribunal for crimes against humanity.
North Korea says the accusations of human rights abuses are fabrications and “wild rumours” peddled by “hostile forces” determined to undermine its leadership, and points to the United States as the mastermind. Shin Dong-hyuk is one of the most prominent defectors from North Korea whose account of torture and escape from a political prison camp gripped international investigators examining the North’s human rights conditions.
He said the North had put his father in a propaganda video released this week that portrays Shin as a criminal active in fabricating human rights problems. “The dictator is holding my father hostage,” Shin said in a post on his Facebook page on Tuesday, referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The page carried a series of still images of an elderly man taken from the video interview.
The man in the video, which was seen by Reuters, was speaking in a modestly furnished Korean-style living room. He urges Shin to “come to your senses and return to the embrace of the Party,” referring to the North’s ruling Workers’ Party, which Kim Jong Un heads. Speaking to Reuters later by telephone from South Korea, where he lives, Shin said he could not be sure where the video was taken or whether his father had been brought from a prison camp to produce the footage.
“I had thought my father had died. But this is definitely my father,” he said. “I’d never thought I’d be grateful to North Korea … for showing me that he is alive.” “I think it’s probably because of everything that’s going on at the United Nations … maybe the message is if I refuse to be quiet, they will kill him.”
LAZY AND UNRELIABLE
The video was titled “Truth and Lies” and was released by the China-based Website Uriminzokkiri, which carries pro-North Korea propaganda, aimed at Koreans abroad. It also showed people it said knew Shin before his escape and by his former name “Shin In Gun”. Those interviewed in the video said Shin was lazy and unreliable as a worker at a mine, and he left the country to avoid punishment for the rape of a 13-year-old girl and he now spread “preposterous false information” about human rights.
Shin said the accusation of sexual assault was a fabrication which he had heard before. Neither the narrator in the video continued…

Great Barrier Reef protection plan inadequate: scientistsnatural resources
Australia’s multi-million dollar plan to halt the worrying decline of the fragile Great Barrier Reef does nothing to address the threat of climate change and is unlikely to save the iconic reef, according to scientists.
The Academy of Science, Australia’s top science academy, has warned that the draft plan to protect the Great Barrier Reef will not prevent its decline and fails to address key pressures affecting the reef.
The draft plan, released for consultation last month, was supposed to allay concerns of UNESCO which had threatened to put the reef on the World Heritage in Danger list.
In its submission to the Australian and Queensland governments’ Reef 2050 Long-Term Sustainability Plan, the academy warns that the draft plan fails to effectively address any of the key pressures on the reef including climate change, poor water quality, coastal development and fishing. The plan also does not address the fundamental governance issues for the reef, including conflict of interest issues and a lack of oversight.
One of the contributing experts, Professor Terry Hughes said much bolder action is required to restore the reef.
“The science is clear, the reef is degraded and its condition is worsening. This is a plan that won’t restore the reef, it won’t even maintain it in its already diminished state,” Prof. Hughes said.
“It is also more than disappointing to see that the biggest threat to the reef - climate change - is virtually ignored in this plan,” he said.
“The future of this national treasure, which generates over $5 billion per annum for the Australian economy, depends on less pollution from runoff and dredging, less carbon emissions from fossil fuels, and less fishing pressure,” he said.
“The plan also seems overly focused on the short-term task of addressing UNESCO’s concerns about the reef’s World Heritage Listing, rather than the longer-term challenges of restoring the values of the reef,” Prof. Hughes added.
The submission also states that the reef is under ever increasing pressure, arguably made worse by recent policy and legislative changes such as Australia currently having no mechanism in place to reduce carbon emissions.

Sensex ends up 128 pts; Ranbaxy & Sensex rise 5-6%  SBI gainMoneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended with some smart gains as trading picked up pace in the last few hours. The Sensex closed up 127.92 points at 26880.82 and the Nifty was up 35.90 points at 8027.60. About 1509 shares advanced, 1371 shares declined and 111 shares were unchanged.
Sun Pharma was up 5 percent. Cipla, SBI, Tata Power and GAIL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Dr Reddy's Labs and Reliance.
03:20 pm Results
Power and automation technologies major ABB India missed street expectations on every parameter in third quarter of current calendar year 2014. Net profit rose by 25 percent to Rs 45 crore during the quarter from Rs 36 crore in the year-ago period.
"The company maintained a healthy double digit growth in profit on the back of improved execution, better productivity and continued savings from operational excellence initiatives while tight market liquidity conditions and high cost of capital continue to weigh on earnings," said ABB in its filing.
The company follows calendar year (2014) as its financial year.
3:00 pm Oil import
Hit by uncertainty over oil supplies from West Asia, India is keen to diversify its imports and wants to buy crude from the US, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has said.
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East -- Iraq and Syria -- as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Asia's second-biggest energy user, which spent USD 143 billion on import of crude oil in 2013-14, wants the US to extend its policy of allowing gas exports to crude oil as well.
"I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from the US, which currently does not allow oil exports," Pradhan told PTI. India wants to reduce its reliance on the Middle East nations for meeting its oil needs and instead wants to tap Latin American countries including Mexico and Russia. 
02:30pm Interview
Sharad Sharma, Managing Director, State Bank of Mysore expects the public sector lender’s NII growth to improve to 12-14 percent in the second half of FY15.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the financial performance of the bank in the quarter gone by , he said that the bank is now focussed on retail growth and its net interest margin is stable at 3-3.1 percent.
The bank is looking at gross NPA of around 4 percent by FY15-end, he said. Further, there has been a steady reduction in slippages over last three quarters.
Meanwhile, the bank is not planning to move on rates in the next three months. Also, it has no merger plans in the foreseeable future, he added.
02:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks extended gains in afternoon trade with the Sensex rising 109.70 points to 26862.60 and the Nifty climbing 34.15 points to 8025.85 supported by banking & financials, healthcare and Tata group stocks.
About 1396 shares have advanced, 1336 shares declined, and 115 shares are unchanged.
Ranbaxy Labs surged 7 percent after reporting a profit of Rs 478 crore in September quarter compared to loss of Rs 454 crore in the year-ago period due to no settlement provision, lower expenses and higher sales. Sun Pharma, which is going to become the owner of Ranbaxy soon, rallied 5 percent.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India and ICICI Bank rallied 2 percent each. Cipla, Gail India and Tata Power too gained more than 2 percent followed by HDFC, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra with over a percent gain.
However, Hero Motocorp, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and HUL fell 1-2 percent. Reliance Industries, Infosys, ONGC, Axis Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and Maruti declined over 0.5 percent.
13:08

CRISIL reiterates Cera Sanitaryware`s fair value to Rs 1406Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CRISIL reiterates Cera Sanitaryware`s fair value to Rs 1406
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on Cera Sanitaryware. The research firm reiterats Cera Sanitaryware's fair value to Rs 1,406. However, maintained the fundamental grade of 4/5.
Post your opinion here
CRISIL Research's report on Cera Sanitaryware
Cera Sanitaryware's (Cera's) Q2FY15 revenues and earnings were in line with CRISIL Research's expectations. The company reported another quarter of healthy top-line growth – revenues grew 25.7% y-o-y to Rs 1,996 mn. EBITDA margin expanded by 172 bps y-o-y to 13.8% as a stronger rupee resulted in lower cost of imported products, but declined q-o-q on account of higher share of outsourced products. Adjusted PAT grew 48.3% y-o-y to Rs 158 mn. The company's growth trajectory is expected to continue driven by its established position in the sanitary ware industry, wide product portfolio, increasing brand awareness, expanding geographic footprint and industry tailwinds. We maintain our fundamental grade of 4/5.
EBITDA margin expanded to 13.8% in Q2FY15 from 12.1% in Q2FY14. Raw material cost as a percentage of sales declined by 126 bps y-o-y (47.2% of net sales compared with 48.4% in Q2FY14) due to rupee appreciation, resulting in lower cost of imported products. Cera is adopting several measures to lower power and fuel costs (installation of solar panels and wind turbines) and to bring in operational efficiencies, which are expected to boost margins going forward. However, operating margins are unlikely to return to the historic 16-17% as increase in contribution from low-margin faucets and tiles is likely to limit margin expansion.
Since the Q2FY15 results were in line with our estimates, we maintain our revenue and earnings estimates for FY15 and FY16. We continue to use the discounted cash flow (DCF) method to value Cera and reiterate our fair value of Rs 1,406. The stock is currently trading at Rs 1,682, which implies a valuation grade of 2/5.
Disclaimer: This report (Report) has been commissioned by the Company/Investor/Exchange and prepared by CRISIL. The report is based on data publicly available or from sources considered reliable by CRISIL (Data). However, CRISIL does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Data / Report and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of Data / Report. Opinions expressed herein are CRISIL's opinions as on the date of this Report.  The Data / Report are subject to change without any prior notice. Nothing in this Report constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or any solicitation, whatsoever. The Report is not a recommendation to buy / sell or hold any securities of the Company. CRISIL especially states that it has no financial liability, whatsoever, to the subscribers / users of this Report. This Report is for the personal information of the authorized recipient only. This Report should not be reproduced or redistributed or communicated directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published or copied in whole or in part especially outside India, for any purpose.
 
CRISIL Limited. All Rights Reserved. Published under permission from CRISIL"
 

Competition  seasonality led to weak Q2 results: LupinWhile pharmaceutical firm  Lupin beat street expectations on its Q2 bottomline, the company missed topline estimates . This weak performance, Nilesh Gupta, managing director, Lupin says is due to both competition and seasonality of products.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Gupta says Q1 was expected to be stronger quarter for the company as its product Niaspan was launched in the end of March.
“This helped Q1. Also we were expecting competition in Duloxetine, and further competition in Niaspan itself at the end of Q1. So, this was expected in the US. Hence, there has been a decline in the US on a sequential basis,” says Gupta.
Furthermore, Gupta says seasonality of products too weakened the company’s Q2.
“We are probably the number one Cephalosporin company globally. Cephalosporin typically follows the seasonal pattern where Q3, Q4 are the strong seasons, Q1 is weaker and Q2 is the weakest. So, that entire seasonality is playing out as well,” he explains.
Below is the transcript of Nilesh Gupta's interview with CNBC-TV18's Archana Shukla.
Q: How has growth been?
A: As usual a bunch of things drive the growth. The US grew at 21 percent, India grew at 20 percent, Japan grew at 21 percent as well. So, overall growth coming from the usual suspects. The US as you know is our biggest market, India is number two, Japan is number three and pretty much the same kind of growth from each one of them.
Q: In the US particularly we did not see the kind of growth what we saw in Q1 of this year. Is this because of increased competition in some of your products? What were the metrics in the US market?
A: This was kind of expected as well. We knew that Q1 was going to be particularly good. We had Niaspan that just came to market at the very end of March. So, we had all of Q1 for that. We were expecting competition in Duloxetine, we were expecting further competition in Niaspan itself at the end of Q1. So, this was expected in the US. So, there has been on a sequential basis there has been a decline in the US, expected on price counts and stuff. Importantly, it is also the seasonality. We are probably the number one Cephalosporin company globally. Cephalosporin typically follows the seasonal pattern where Q3, Q4 are the strong seasons, Q1 is weaker and Q2 is the weakest. So, that entire seasonality is playing out as well.
Q: Which were the particular key products that have contributed in this quarter in the US market and particularly to go over Niaspan and Cymbalta if you could share what is the current market share in these two products and also for Trizivir?
A: We don’t share individual product revenues or market shares. We have got very strong share in each of these products in Duloxetine, in Niaspan we have great share as well. In Fortamet we still remain the only game in town. So, we have known to have the 25-30 percent market share and that is what we would have for most of our lead products.
The great thing is that there wouldn’t be one contributor, there would be a whole bunch of products contributing to the overall sales. The sales are at USD 202 million. So, as you can imagine it is obviously a lot of products driving that.
The one good thing about Lupin is that we have always had a very strong baseline business and we have seen very little erosion on that baseline. We have seen increases at times as well and that trend continues.
Q: If we talk about branded business versus generic business in the US market how has that performed and going forward for the next half of this year what is the kind of product line-up that you have that will drive the growth?
A: The branded business in many ways has been the one damp spot on the overall performance. The business has really been flat. It is less than 10 percent of our US sales. So, at one level it is disappointing. It used to be 30-40 percent at one point of time. We basically had two products one of them has gone generic and we are now looking how to build back that portfolio. So, Suprax continues to do fine, it continues to do well. We launched a whole bunch of line extensions, so we have chewable, we have drops, we have single strength, double strength, so there are a lot of products there. So, Suprax continues to do well but in many ways it has plateaued out at this point.
The brand business has to be built with acquisitions in the near term. There is a pretty vibrant product portfolio we are putting for the longer term but that is going to be at least two years out from now.
On the generic side things go well. It is more than 90 percent of our US sales. We will probably have anywhere from 8-10 launches in the next 2 quarters. So, all in all things are pretty healthy on the generic side.
Q: Let me ask you about the profitability growth for the company. The EBITDA margin for the net profit at these levels, how well are you sustaining them and what is the plan going forward?
A: EBITDA margin is about 30 percent of sales. The PBT and the PAT grew as well. The PBT grew by 23 percent, PAT grew by 55 percent. I think the important line to focus is the EBITDA line. We have always said that 28-30 percent EBITDA is where we feel comfortable. We had 34 percent in Q1 and that was on the back of the new launches and on back of some of that business, we also knew that there would be some correction on that. So, that correction is already in place. I think the EBITDA margin is pretty sustainable.
RELATED NEWS

NTPC  Power Grid top picks in power space: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NTPC, Power Grid top picks in power space: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com has come out with its report on power sector. According to the research firm NTPC and Power Grid Corporation of India are the top picks in the space.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com's report on power sector
Generation increased only 3.8% YoY in September 2014 as growth across hydro and nuclear segments was partially offset by lower YoY generation across the gas segment while the coal segment reported moderate growth due to a fall in demand. Plant load factors (PLFs) declined across all segments barring hydro and nuclear plants. Both base and peak deficits declined MoM due to lower demand. Accordingly, the merchant rate declined in September 2014. While the sector continues to face constraints in terms of 1) fuel availability and pricing, 2) environment clearances and 3) SEB’s financials, the recent initiatives taken by the government like Coal Ordinance 2014, fixation of gas price, fast tracking of project clearances, etc. will unblock the policy logjams for the sector. The top picks in our coverage universe are  NTPC and Power Grid Corporation of India .
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

MSG considers spin-offmsg considers spin-off
Ranbaxy Labs swings back to profitRanbaxy Labs swings back to profit
Switch Funds if you need the Money SoonSwitch Funds if you need the Money Soon
Black money disclosures by Narendra Modi govt selective black mail; disclose all 700 names: Goa CongressBlack money disclosures by Narendra Modi govt selective black mail; disclose all 700 names: Goa Congress
FII stake in SKS soars to record high of 44.72% in Jul-Sep qtrFII stake in SKS soars to record high of 44.72% in Jul-Sep qtr
Sensex above 26000 points  Nifty back at 8000Sensex above 26000 points  Nifty back at 8000
India committed to modernisation of Vietnam s defence  says PM ModiIndia committed to modernisation of Vietnam s defence  says PM Modi
Accumulate Cairn India; target of Rs 361: EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate Cairn India; target of Rs 361: Emkay
Emkay Global Financial Services is bullish on Cairn India and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 361 in its October 21, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Emkay Global Financial Services research report on Cairn India
“Cairn India, result were in line with our esti. with PAT at Rs22.7bn, down 16% qoq, due to lower RJ production on planned maintenance shut down at Mangala processing terminal and lower crude oil price. Sales and EBITDA came in line at Rs39.8bn and Rs26.5bn resp. RJ prod. declined by 11% qoq to 163kbpd. Net realisation for 2Q came at $92/bbl, implied.  10.3% discount to Brent oil. Based on various exploratory activities, we expects some clarity on production growth in ensuing quarter, with net capex of US$3bn over next 3 yrs. Company disbursed the balance $450mn as a part of $1.25bn loan facility extended to a Vedanta Group Co. in the previous quarter. Cut our target price on lower crude oil price to Rs361, maintain Accumulate. Currently, the stock is trading at a P/E of 5.4x FY16 EPS and 0.8x P/bv,” says Emkay Global Financial Services research report. 
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Will ICICI Bank double in 3-4 years02:30 pm
Below is the transcript of Anand Tandon and Ajay Bagga’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Menaka: It is only fair that I read out for you a bit of the rationale for why Bank of America Merrill Lynch thinks that this stock can double in three to four years. They have said that ICICI Bank ’s profitability has improved sharply in the past five years but trades at a five year P2B cycle average and large discount to many peer banks. We think that it is set to change and the stock is likely to re-rate as the return on equity (RoE) rises from 14 percent to 18 percent by FY18. They believe that it is relative to peers, it is the cheapest private bank with comparable returns providing best risk reward; that is the rationale for why they think the stock can double in the next two to three years. Would you agree with that?
Bagga: If you look at the kind of drivers that are embedded in the stock, there is a good chance that you could see a doubling of this stock in the next three to four years. I would say nearer to four years on a mathematical basis but probably on a sentimental basis you will get nearer to three years.
Senthil: Any stock that is seen as a proxy to the Indian economy and ICICI Bank would certainly fall in that category. What is expected to do well if the India story is going to be as shining as most people seem to think? Does ICICI stand out in anyway both from valuation point of view and performance?
Tandon: As you mentioned the valuation related to the other private sector banks is a little lower, not very substantially but even then it is lower. There is no doubt that over the last few years ICICI Bank has managed to get its act together. There was an over emphasis on the asset that they had put up overseas which were not performing, still aren’t performing and the bank has been struggling to get some of that money back.
So, a lot of effort has been spent in terms of trying to get the domestic franchise back up again, a lot of investment has been made in branch expansion and so on, the assumption that it will bear fruit is reasonable assuming that nothing dramatic happens with the competitive scenario. So, the real joker in the pack has to be that whether or not the public sector banks also wake up given the fact that the government seems to be in the mod to shake up the organisational structures even there.
Senthil: For public sector banks how much can they really wake up given the fact that whatever they do they are hugely capital starved. Will the government infuse that much of capital into public sector banks?
Bagga: I think that is very relevant, it is a very weak balance sheet for public sector banks and there is no clarity on how the capital will be raised. The government has said that they will be free to go to the market, the stock of a holding company structure being created which will own all public sector banks but given the combination of low capital or a weak capital base, need for more capital raising with no clarity, second the NPL situation at public sector banks and third overall we have just seen 6 CMD level post, the whole process being cancelled and being relooked at. I think all that is what drives the negatives towards public sector banks.
I would say more private sector banks as a sector preferred, within that ICICI stands out well. One is it is virtually adding 500-600 branches a year. It is nearly equivalent to smaller private sector banks. If you look at the balance sheet it is still not having too much exposure to the SMEs within the corporate book. The NIMs are lower than the market leaders say like an HDFC Bank. There is option to improve on that and it is a borrower in the market.
If you see it is overall book it borrows nearly 14 percent of its funds vis-à-vis an Axis Bank or an HDFC Bank which would be in the 5-6 percent range. So, as the cost of borrowing comes down it can be a beneficiary and a very sweet spot it has got huge capital. It really does not need to go back to the market for the next two to three years at least for fresh capital. So, any growth is going to be book value accretive and you are going to see an impact on the stock price.
RELATED NEWS

Govt likely to make mandatory linking of mobile SIM with AadhaarGovt likely to make mandatory linking of mobile SIM with Aadhaar
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Government is likely to make it mandatory to link mobile SIM connections with Aadhaar number to weed out ghost users and curb the misuse of mobile phones for any terrorist act, extortion or other offences.
“Government has planned to make it compulsory seeding of mobile SIM cards with Aadhaar to keep a tab on use of mobile phone connection for anti-social act including terrorism and extortion,” a source said.
In a recent review of the Aadhaar project, government top brass felt it is appropriate to make the seeding of Aadhaar compulsory for new as well as old mobile phone connection, the sources added.
Earlier, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the use of Aadhaar number as a single source of identity verification.
However, recently the ministry has supported Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate “anytime, anywhere, anyhow” authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one’s identity.
Besides, Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
According to the source, the government may go slow on linking SIM cards with Aadhaar numbers as the entire population of the country does not have the unique identification number.
Earlier during the UPA regime, the government’s plan to make Aadhaar linked bank account mandatory for getting cooking gas subsidy hit a road block. The implementation of the project was suspended after the apex court’s interim order.
The Supreme Court had observed that the government cannot deny any benefit to citizen simply because somebody does not have Aadhaar.
As per experts, the Court’s view was appropriate at that time as coverage under the Aadhaar project was low.
At present, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has issued Aadhaar numbers to over 70 crore residents in the country. It has been mandated to generate Aadhaar numbers of 100 crore residents by December.
Government has set the deadline of June next year for covering the entire population under the Aadhaar project.
Experts feel that once the entire population is covered under the project, it would not be difficult for government to use Aadhaar database for rolling out various social welfare scheme and making country’s internal security apparatus more robust.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

AP power utilities to invite interest to procure 2400 MW of thermal powerAP power utilities to invite interest to procure 2400 MW of thermal power
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has initiated the process for the procurement of 2400 MW of thermal power on a long-term basis from thermal power stations to be developed under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode.
The process would be based on the Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Own (DBFOO) model.
According to the terms, the plants need to have coal linkage from CIL and have to be supplemented by imported coal and should have completed Commercial Operation Declaration before December 31, 2016.
While the tenders have been prepared in line with guidelines issued by the Ministry of Power, the Request For Qualification (RFQ) document is uploaded on the AP Transco and other sector related websites.
A pre-application conference meeting with prospective thermal power developers would be held on Wednesday (October 29) at 11 am in Vidyut Soudha, Hyderabad.
K. Vijayanand, Chairman and Managing Director of AP Transco, in a statement said the power developers can seek clarifications and provide feedback and suggestions on the bidding documents and the process during the meeting.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Govt sets up panel to assess compensation for already running coal minesGovt sets up panel to assess compensation for already running coal mines
Our Bureau
Piyush Goyal
New Delhi, October 28:  
The Coal Ministry has set up a committee headed by former Chief Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to assess the compensation to be paid by winning bidders of already running mines.
The committee will also include officials of ministries of Coal, Power, Finance and Law and will submit its recommendations by November 10.
The move is part of the e-auction process of coal blocks which was started after the Government promulgated an ordinance to allow the same.
At a briefing after the Cabinet meeting to announce the clearing of the ordinance, Piyush Goyal, Minister of State (Independent Charge) Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy said that winning bidders will have to pay a compensation to mining lease holders of 37 coal blocks that are already producing and five where significant work has been done.
The Supreme Court had on September 24 cancelled the allocation of 204 coal blocks between 1993 and 2010. Out of these, 37 coal mines are already producing and another five are set to produce soon.
The committee formed will value the assets of each of these 42 blocks. As per an office memorandum seen by Business Line, the terms of reference for the committee is valuation of tangible assets used for coal mining operations, valuation of land demarcated for afforestation and land for rehabilitation and re-settlement of persons affected by coal mining operations.
The committee will also assess the liabilities associated with the operation of the mine.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Rick Bayless: Competitiveness in the kitchen and touchdowns on the menuRick Bayless
Rick Bayless: Competitiveness in the kitchen and touchdowns on the menu
Chicago chef Rick Bayless tells the Chicago Tribune's Colin McMahon that, having never been involved in sports, "it took me probably 15 years into business to acknowledge to myself that I'm super-competitive." He shares what he does to avoid failure.
Chicago chef Rick Bayless tells the Chicago Tribune's Colin McMahon that, having never been involved in sports, "it took me probably 15 years into business to acknowledge to myself that I'm super-competitive." He shares what he does to avoid failure.
Chicago chef Rick Bayless tells the Chicago Tribune's Colin McMahon that, having never been involved in sports, "it took me probably 15 years into business to acknowledge to myself that I'm super-competitive." He shares what he does to avoid failure.
This video is featured in these articles:

ONGC oil output jumps 10%New Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 17:08 IST
ONGC oil output jumps 10%
PTI
oil and gas - upstream activities
In a turnaround, state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has reported a 10 per cent jump in crude oil production from its western offshore fields this fiscal, reversing the downward slide of past few years.
The nation’s largest oil and gas producer wants to take advantage of multi-year low oil prices to aggressively acquire oil and gas fields in the US, Russia, Central Asia and Africa so as to meet its 20 million tons oil equivalent target from overseas assets by 2018.
“Crude oil production has risen from 285,642 barrels per day in April to over 315,000 bpd this month,” ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K. Sarraf told PTI here.
ONGC, which had over the last few years seen output not matching targets, plans to quickly develop discovered fields to boost oil and gas production.
“The more than 10 per cent increase in output in current year is quiet an achievement for a company having old fields,” he said.
Western offshore is the home for India’s largest oil and gas field of Mumbai High and Bassein. It also has several smaller discoveries which ONGC has now tied up with main production system and begun producing.
Mr. Sarraf said the company will continue to focus on bringing newer fields into production as also arrest decline in ageing field through use of technology and interventions.
It plans to develop a series of oil and gas discoveries in Daman offshore. About 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day of gas output is projected from the discoveries.
ONGC is also focused on bringing to production its major oil field in the KG—D5 block in Krishna Godavari basin by 2019.
The oil discovery in KG—DWN—98/2 or KG—D5, which sits next to Reliance Industries’ KG—D6 block, will be the first large oil production from the east coast. The block also has 10 gas discoveries.
First gas from the block is planned for 2018 and first oil in 2019, he said.
While a bulk of ONGC’s near 25 million tonnes crude oil production comes from western offshore and fields in states like Gujarat and Assam, KG—D5 will produce up to 90,000 barrels per day (4.5 million tonnes per annum) — the largest from any field on the east coast.
ONGC will produce 17 million standard cubic meters per day of gas from the block.
On overseas acquisition, Sarraf said ONGC was looking at “the globe” for buying producing oil and gas fields.

Saint-Gobains Rajasthan plant on streammanufacturing and engineering
Saint-Gobain of France on Monday inaugurated its Rs.1,000-crore ($185 million) glass manufacturing facility in Bhiwadi in Rajasthan.
The fully automated plant, having a capacity to manufacture close to 1,000 tonnes of glass a day, is the largest glass manufacturing facility for the firm in the world.
The company said the location of the new plant is strategic, and it will be able to service the entire North optimally from Bhiwadi. Further, being on the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, it gives significant logistics advantages.
“I am happy to note that ‘Make in India’ is the new direction of the Indian government. As Saint-Gobain, we not only agree with this, but strongly support this initiative... about 90 per cent of the group’s sale in India is locally manufactured,” Pierre-Andre de Chalendar, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Saint-Gobain, said.
The plant is spread over 136 acres with a built-up area of 1.14 lakh sq. metre.
With this new plant, the total capacity of the company will go up to 3,000 tonnes a day. Besides this plant, Saint-Gobain has three manufacturing units in India — two in Chennai and one in Gujarat.
The $185 million facility will have a capacity of 1,000 tonnes of glass a day

Unique ID May Follow Some Verizon Customers Onlineunique id may follow some verizon customers online
Asset forfeiture  drug legalization  and the mainstreaming of libertarian ideasBy Ilya Somin October 27
Sunday’s New York Times article on the dangers of asset forfeiture abuse follows a major multi-part series on the same subject in the Washington Post. Last year, the liberal New Yorker also published a major article on the issue .
As both the Times and the Post emphasize, the present asset forfeiture system in many states allows law enforcement agencies to seize property even if the owner has not been convicted or even charged with any property. Often, the police then get to keep the proceeds from the seizures for themselves, creating a perverse incentive to seize as much property as possible, regardless of the guilt or innocence of the owners. In many cases, as the Post notes, owners have little or no opportunity to reclaim their property because the procedures are involved are difficult and time-consuming, and often too expensive for poor and lower-middle class property owners to afford.
As in the case of drug legalization, asset forfeiture reform is a cause long-championed by libertarians, which has recently hit the mainstream. The Institute for Justice, a prominent libertarian public interest law firm, has highlighted the issue for years , ans is currently spearheading both legal and legislative challenges to the system. Similarly, libertarians have for decades advocated abolishing the War on Drugs; at times, they were almost the only ones doing so, with the exception of a few on the far left. But only recently has this idea begun to attract widespread mainstream public and elite support.
Obviously, the two issues are integrally linked. As the Post series notes, the War on Drugs is one of the leading causes of asset forfeiture abuse. The Post article correctly emphasizes that much of the seized property is taken as a result of law enforcement operations undertaken as part of the War on Drugs. The threat that the War on Drugs poses to the property rights of innocent people is yet another reason for conservatives, among others, to rethink their traditional support for it .
While libertarians have successfully helped put these issues on the political agenda, it remains to be seen whether they and their new allies on the left and right will be able to push through effective reforms. In both cases, there is a danger that newfound public interest in the issue will be quiesced by merely cosmetic changes that only marginally improve the situation. And, obviously, the majority of non-libertarians do not – so far – fully endorse the libertarian approach to these issues, which calls for the complete abolition of both civil asset forfeiture and the War on Drugs. Still, the two cases are dramatic examples of previously marginalized libertarian ideas becoming a part of mainstream political discourse.
NOTE: I have written amicus briefs on behalf of the Institute for Justice on various other property rights issues. But I have not been involved in their asset forfeiture cases.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Nandita Bose and Nathan Layne / Reutersnandita bose and nathan layne / reuters
Kohl s crimped on quarterly outlookEMAIL
 
Executives at department store chain Kohl’s are scheduled to share their vision for multi-year growth Wednesday at its annual investor conference. But Wall Street was more interested in what management was saying Monday: a 1.4% drop in same store sales for the third quarter and lower-than-expected 2014 earnings.
Kohl’s KSS   crumbled 7% to $54.60 in after-hours trading after the company said October sales had been soft, with gains in children’s lines offset by declines in men’s, footwear and accessory lines. The company said women’s and home goods sales were also underperforming.
Based on sales to date, Kohl’s said diluted earnings wold be at the low end of prior guidance, which had been $4.05 to $4.45 a share.
This would be fourth-straight quarter of declining sales for Kohl’s, which operates over 1,150 stores in 49 states. Still, several investment firms had been raising price targets for the company.  In September, Citigroup’s Oliver Chen raised his $63 price target to $70, contending Kohl’s product mix and  customer loyalty program would drive sales and profit margins.  Nomura earlier raised its price target to $68, up from $62.

 Government Scraps Selection of Chiefs for 6 BanksYou are here: Home Corporates
Government Scraps Selection of Chiefs for 6 Banks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 27, 2014 21:43 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: The government on Monday scrapped the selection of six public sector bank heads during the UPA tenure following a high-level panel finding irregularities in the followed process.
The probe into the selections to lenders such as Bank of Baroda and Canara Bank followed the arrest and termination of Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain for alleged graft.
A Finance Ministry statement said future vacancies of chairman and managing directors (CMDs) as well as executive directors of PSU banks will now be filled through a new selection process.
A panel headed by RBI Governor and including Financial Services Secretary had during the previous UPA regime shortlisted chairman and managing directors for Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, United Bank and Vijaya Bank.
The selections made by the panel had been sent to the Finance Ministry for ratification by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) but the government decided to scrap the entire selection process and fill these vacancies as well as two others, including Syndicate Bank, through fresh selection process involving RBI Governor or his nominee.
Following the arrest of Mr Jain, the ministry had set up a committee comprising Expenditure Secretary, RBI Governor and Secretary School Education to examine the selections to six PSU banks.
"After receipt of the report of the Committee, the government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs)," the statement said.
To fill up these 8 vacancies of CMDs along with those of 14 executive directors, the government decided the selection would be done by a panel necessarily comprising of RBI Governor or his nominee.
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 20:57 (IST)

Govt prosecutes black money suspectsSuchitra Mohanty and Aditya Kalra     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 08:47 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
The government said on Monday that several individuals, including Pradeep Burman , former director of FMCG major Dabur India, were being prosecuted on suspicion of hiding undeclared cash outside the country, a court filing showed.
The government disclosed names of Timblo Private company and seven individuals suspected of violating tax laws. Two of those named denied wrongdoing, while one director at Timblo said she would react after reading the court filing. Four other Timblo directors could not be reached.
The central government has said that it wants to bring back illicit funds deposited by Indians in banks outside the country. Such funds, often hidden abroad to avoid local tax, are widely referred as "black money".
The opposition accuses the government of exploiting the issue for electoral gain, and of waging a vendetta against politicians linked to the last Congress government that was ousted by Modi in a general election in May.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in an October 21 television interview that the Congress would be "embarrassed" by the names of suspects when they are revealed in court. Tax treaties bar the disclosure of names until charges are framed.
"The government will disclose names against whom we have prosecutable evidence," Jaitley told reporters on Monday, referring to other cases still under investigation.
Monday's court filing named Pradip Burman, a former Dabur director; Pankaj Lodhiya, a bullion trader; and Goa-based miner Timblo Private Ltd, along with five directors who share the same family name of Timblo - Radha, Chetan, Rohan, Anna and Mallika.
Prosecution of those named has been launched under the income tax law, the government said in a filing to the Supreme Court that was seen by Reuters.
"Several more cases are under process and the names of persons prosecuted will become public in due course," the filing also said.
LEGALLY OPENED
Dabur denied wrongdoing, saying Burman's account was opened legally when he was not a resident of India. The company's shares fell as much as 8.9 per cent before ending with a loss of 3 per cent.
Lodhiya told a news channel he had no bank account outside India. Calls to his office outside working hours went unanswered. Radha Timblo, a company director, told a television channel she would issue a statement after reading the court filing. The four other named directors could not immediately be reached.
Illegal deposits abroad cost billions of dollars in lost revenue and Modi had promised his government would change laws or enact new measures to bring back such funds. On taking office, he appointed a panel to investigate the matter.
While there is no official estimate of the amount of money illegally deposited abroad, Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity has estimate India suffered $344 billion in illicit fund outflows between 2002 and 2011.
The government has worked with countries including Switzerland to obtain information about its citizens who it believes may be hiding unaccounted money in offshore financial centres. Switzerland has shown willingness to help, the government says.
"This development is very significant. Earlier, the Swiss government had not agreed to provide any information in such cases," the government said in the court document.
(Reuters)

Sensex recovers in early trade on selective buyingMarket Update: Sensex rebounds 128 points to over 1-mth high, pharma stocks rise
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Tuesday rebounded about 128 points to end at over one-month high and Nifty reclaimed the 8,000-mark on the back of good corporate earnings and rising hopes of a cut in interest rates.
Pharma, banking and power shares led the rise, amid positive cues from global markets as Europe opened higher.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices, which will help India cut current account deficit and ease fuel price inflation further, also buoyed sentiments, brokers said.
The 30-share Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex index, after opening firm at 26,788.73, improved to touch day's high of 26,907.14. It settled with a net gain of 127.92 points, or 0.48 per cent, at over one-month high of 26,880.82.
On Monday, Sensex shed 98.15 points on profit-booking.
The 50-share NSE Nifty recovered 35.90 points, or 0.45 per cent, to close at 8,027.60 after shuttling between 8,037.80 and 7,995.05. It had shed 22.85 points on Monday.
Recovery was supported by gains in Sun Pharma which climbed 4.64 per cent. Cipla surged 3.31 per cent, SBI rose 2.67 per cent, ICICI Bank jumped 1.76 per cent and Tata Power gained 2.48 per cent among 17 Sensex gainers.
Pharma stocks gained after Ranbaxy, which is in the process of a $4 billion merger with Sun Pharma, reported consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for September quarter, pushing its share price by over 6 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers which helped indices to rebound included GAIL, BHEL, M&M, HDFC, TCS, ITC, L&T, and Coal India .
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting, Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Elsewhere in Asia, markets ended mostly mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve two-day monetary policy meet which starts later in the day.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index gained the most by surging 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent, Auto 0.33 per cent and Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent. On the other hand, BSE Oil & gas fell 0.23 per cent, FMCG by 0.12 per cent and Metal index by 0.03 per cent.
Asian stocks ended mixed after US American data from home sales to manufacturing fell short of estimates and investors awaited a Federal Reserve decision on its stimulus programme.
Key benchmark indices in South Korea, Singapore and Japan fell by 0.33 per cent to 0.38 per cent while indices in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan rose by 1.63 per cent to 2.07 per cent.
European markets were quoting strong in their late morning deals on good earnings by some companies. The CAC was up by 0.52 per cent, the DAX by 1.36 per cent and the FTSE by 0.51 per cent.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "The outcome of Fed meet will show the road ahead to the market. The Federal Reserve is set to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme and is expected to wait for the right time to hike interest rate".
Seventeen scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended higher while 13 others finished lower.
Besides big gainers, others from the Sensex pack include Cipla 2.92 per cent, Tata Power 2.48 per cent, SBI 2.38 per cent, Gail India 1.96 per cent, ICICI Bank 1.83 per cent, M&M 1.41 per cent, NTPC 1.30 per cent and BHEL 1.21 per cent.
Laggards were led by Hero MotoCorp that fell by 1.68 per cent, Bharti Airtel 1.15 per cent, HUL 0.83 per cent, Dr Reddy's Lab 0.82 per cent, RIL 0.81 per cent and ONGC 0.75 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Healthcare rose by 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent and Capital Goods 0.52 per cent.
Total market breadth turned positive as 1,510 stocks ended in green and 1,370 finished in red. The total turnover rose to Rs 2,763.91 crore from Rs 2,613.97 crore on Monday.

Bharti Infratel Gains on Better Q2 EarningsYou are here: Home Market
Bharti Infratel Gains on Better Q2 Earnings
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 10:22 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in Bharti Infratel Ltd gained 2.2 per cent on Tuesday. The company reported a 68 per cent increase in September quarter net profit.
The company reported a healthy operational performance, with continued strong tenancy ratio improvement, JPMorgan said in a note.
Core return metrics, such as return on equity and return on capital employed continue to show an upward trend, it added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Expect 75 bps slash once RBI begins rate cut cycle: BofA MLLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect 75 bps slash once RBI begins rate cut cycle: BofA ML
Indranil Sengupta said the RBI will not engage in a rate cut exercise at the first instance of a cooling off in inflation. It wants to make sure the inflation is truly coming off so that once the rate cut cycle begins, it can be maintained. The US brokerage expects a cut of 75 basis points over the full fiscal year.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Bank Of America Merrill Lynch (BofA ML) maintains that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan will adopt a dovish stance in its December policy review and  the first rate cut will happen only in February 2015. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Indranil Sengupta, Chief Economist India at Bofa ML said more clarity towards this will emerge in next few months but asserted that imported inflation which was becoming a threat to India is ebbing away.
Sengupta said the RBI will not engage in a rate cut exercise at the first instance of a cooling off in inflation. It wants to make sure the inflation is truly coming off so that once the rate cut cycle begins, it can be maintained. The US brokerage expects a cut of 75 basis points over the full fiscal year and sees 10-year yield falling down to 8–8.25 percent range.
“We expect Governor Rajan to sound more dovish in December and cut rate in February. After all, we see CPI inflation well set to meet the RBI’s targets of 8% in January 2015 and 6% in January 2016 (with normal monsoon rains),” the top foreign brokerage said in a note on Monday.
The note also said India’s gross domestic product (GDP) growth will slip below 5% in the September quarter as against the handsome 5.7% print in the April-June period of the current fiscal.
RELATED NEWS

Honda Profit Rises on Weak Yen  Lowers ForecastThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Should investors buy HUL post inline Q2 resultShould investors buy HUL post inline Q2 results?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 12.39PM IST
(Analysts are of the view…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hindustan Unilever were down on profit booking for second straight session even as the company's second quarter results were inline with market expectations.
The stock fell over 5 per cent in the past two sessions to touch intraday low of Rs 719.15 in trade today.
Analysts are of the view that while the results are inline, the valuations are high and investors should think of buying the stock are better entry points.
The company reported a net profit of Rs 988 crore for quarter ended July-September quarter, up 8 per cent, against a net profit of Rs 914 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Net sales in the period increased to Rs 7,466 crore, up 10.6 per cent, against Rs 6,747 crore, in year-ago period.
According to the management, the market conditions are still tough. "We don't know when the real turnaround will happen," said Sanjiv Mehta, managing director, HUL.
Citigroup has maintained 'Sell' recommendation on the stock due to its expensive valuations and 'tepid growth.'
"Our target price of Rs 660 is based on 32x FY16E EPS, at a premium to the stock's historical trading band (average of ~27-28x 1 yr forward in the last 15 years)," the Citi report said.
CIMB is of the view that the stock is fairly valued but won't be able to surprise with earnings in coming quarters.
"We maintain our estimates, September 15 target price (still based on 30x P/E, its five-year average) and Hold rating. We believe that HUVR will continue to perform well vs. its peers in a slowing market environment, but given the limited scope for an earnings surprise and its rich valuations, we recommend that investors wait for a better entry point," the report said.
The brokerage has a target price of Rs 700 on the stock.
Macquarie is remains positive on the company's medium term growth potential but doesn't see too much upside for the stock due to rich valuations (33.6X FY16E).
At 12:20 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 709.70, down 1.69 per cent, on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swedish crown slides after Riksbank surprises with cut to zeroDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

ArcelorMittal rejigs top deck; Maheshwari to...ArcelorMittal rejigs top deck; Sudhir Maheshwari to quit
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 02.46AM IST
Tags:
ArcelorMittal
(Sudhir Maheshwari, a key…)
KOLKATA: Sudhir Maheshwari , a key member of the ArcelorMittal's Group Management Board and an associate of LN Mittal for 26 years is quitting the company, effective 31st March 2015. Arcelor Mittal also announced that effective January January 1, 2015, Gonzalo Urquijo, senior executive VP and member of the group management board of the company will become advisor to chairman and CEO, LN Mittal.
Maheshwari whose responsibilities included corporate finance; mergers, acquisitions (M&A) and divestments; risk management; and India and China, first joined the company in 1989 in Trinidad & Tobago. Alongwith Malay Mukherjee, another top Mittal aide he was one of the people who worked closely with L N Miital and was instrumental in building his global steel empire.
Maheshwari held various finance positions in Hamburg, Dusseldorf and Luxembourg before moving to London in 2000 to join the company's M&A and corporate finance functions. Following the merger with ISG Group to create Mittal Steel , Sudhir was appointed EVP Finance and M&A.
After the merger to create ArcelorMittal he became a member of the management committee, before being appointed to the Group Management Board in 2008. Maheshwari's responsibilities will be shared between senior ArcelorMittal executives, who will report to other GMB members on these functions.
Commenting on the development, LN Mittal, chairman and CEO of ArcelorMittal said: "Sudhir has been an exceptional colleague for twenty six years, playing a very important role in the company in various responsibilities. I am very sad that he is leaving us, but respect his decision to pursue personal ambitions and wish him every success for the future."
On his part, Maheshwari said: "It has been an incredible twenty six years. When I joined the company in Trinidad, I could not have imagined the subsequent journey we would take. It has been a privilege and great experience to have been part of the story and I would like to thank Mr Mittal, Aditya and all my colleagues for giving me this opportunity. It has not been an easy decision to leave, but I will continue to follow the company with great interest and am sure it will continue to go from strength to strength."
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE to foray into commodities trading with new platformBSE to foray into commodities trading with new platform
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 21:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
Leading bourse Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)is planning to launch a separate platform for trading of various commodities to foray into commodity exchange business - currently dominated by two major players, MCX and NCDEX.
A proposal in this regard has been approved by the board of BSE , which is the world's largest stock exchange in terms of number of listed companies and holds top positions on various other counts.
Sources said the BSE board has cleared the proposal and further modalities would be put in place soon.
Incidentally, BSE had also put in an initial bid, estimated at about Rs 500 crore, recently for purchase of 15 per cent stake in the country's largest commodity exchange Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX).
Kotak Group finally acquired the MCX stake for Rs 459 crore, while BSE and another bidder Reliance Capital did not participate in final bidding due to adverse comments made by the exchange's auditors in the wake of NSEL scam.
The commodity trading business in India records total turnover of over Rs 100 lakh crore annually, although only two players dominate the market. There used to over 20 commodity exchanges in India, including six of national-level, but the total number has now come down to ten.
This includes four national-level bourses. Volumes have also come down in recent quarters, due to imposition of commodities transaction tax, among others. BSE, which was set up in 1875 and is the oldest exchange in Asia, is currently one of the two major bourses in India.
There are more than 5,500 companies listed on BSE, which is highest for any exchange in the world, with a total market capitalisation of over Rs 93 lakh crore.
After beginning with a humble background of functioning under banyan trees over 125 years ago, BSE has now emerged as one of the world's most technologically advanced exchanges and is targeting ten-times faster trades on its platform within three years.
Already, the exchange has made significant changes in its technology and has attained a response time of 200 micro- seconds for trades executed on its platform, BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan recently told PTI in an interview.
The aim is to bring the response time further down to 20 micro-seconds within the next three years, he had said. Presently, BSE handles 500,000 orders in a second at the response time of 200 micro seconds. There are more than 2.6 crore investors registered on BSE. BSE's 30-share index Sensex is known as the benchmark index of the Indian stock market.
During the financial year 2013-14, the exchange recorded a total income of Rs 529.71 crore, while profits rose by 25 per cent to Rs Rs 135.19 crore.

Markets end at one-month high | Who will lead next leg of rallySensex gains over 125 pts; Nifty ends above 8,000
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(The 30-share index ended…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark Sensex today rebounded about 128 points to end at over one-month high and Nifty reclaimed the 8,000-mark on the back of good corporate earnings and rising hopes of a cut in interest rates.
Pharma, banking and power shares led the rise, amid positive cues from global markets as Europe opened higher.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices, which will help India cut current account deficit and ease fuel price inflation further, also buoyed sentiments, brokers said.
The 30-share BSE Sensex index, after opening firm at 26,788.73, improved to touch day's high of 26,907.14. It settled with a net gain of 127.92 points, or 0.48 per cent, at over one-month high of 26,880.82.
Yesterday, Sensex shed 98.15 points on profit-booking. The 50-share NSE Nifty recovered 35.90 points, or 0.45 per cent, to close at 8,027.60 after shuttling between 8,037.80 and 7,995.05. It had shed 22.85 points yesterday.
Recovery was supported by gains in Sun Pharma which climbed 4.64 per cent. Cipla surged 3.31 per cent, SBI rose 2.67 per cent, ICICI Bank jumped 1.76 per cent and Tata Power gained 2.48 per cent among 17 Sensex gainers.
Pharma stocks gained after Ranbaxy, which is in the process of a USD 4 billion merger with Sun Pharma, reported consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for September quarter, pushing its share price by over 6 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers which helped indices to rebound included GAIL, BHEL, M&M, HDFC, TCS, ITC, L&T, and Coal India.
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting...Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts...," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Elsewhere in Asia, markets ended mostly mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve two-day monetary policy meet which starts later in the day.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index gained the most by surging 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent, Auto 0.33 per cent and Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent. On the other hand, BSE Oil & gas fell 0.23 per cent, FMCG by 0.12 per cent and Metal index by 0.03 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSPL to invest $2 bn for expansion in Oman p...You are here: Home > Collections > Oman
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd to invest $2 billion for capacity expansion in Oman plant
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.56PM IST
Tags:
Bank Muscat
(Jindal Steel & Power Ltd foresees…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel and Power today said it will invest around $ 2 billion to raise capacity of its Oman-based wholly-owned subsidiary Shadeed Iron and Steel LLC by 2.5 million tonnes per annum over the next 3-4 years.
Naveen Jindal-led JSPL had bought Shadeed Iron and Steel LLC (Jindal Shadeed) in July 2010 from Abu-Dhabi's Al Ghaith Holdings for about $ 500 million. The capacity of the plant, third largest in the Middle East, now stands at 2 mtpa.
"We will raise the capacity of the plant by 2.5 mtpa. It will require around $ 2 billion investment," JSPL's Managing Director and Group CEO Ravi Uppal said here.
On the sidelines of an event after the signing of a $ 725 million syndicated term loan with Bank Muscat, Uppal said that work on the plant would start after getting the required from the local governments.
Jindal Shadeed's Chief Executive Officer Naushad Ansari said environmental clearance for the proposed expansion of the plant was likely to come in next 8-9 months and after that the company would start placing orders with the hope of completing the expansion by end of 2017 or early 2018.
"We have sufficient land for moving ahead with the plant expansion and raw material is not an issue at all there," he said.
JSPL foresees a tremendous surge in demand for iron and steel in the gulf markets on huge infrastructure spending. It is now producing billets and rounds at the Oman facility and on course to set up 1.6 mtpa rebar mill, which was expected to be commissioned by September-October next year.
JSPL today signed financial closure of $ 725 million syndicated term loan facility. It was oversubscribed with commitments in excess of $ 855 million. Bank Muscat with a consortium of 11 banks arranged the facility for Shadeed Iron and Steel. Naveen Jindal was also present in the occasion.
Abdul Razak Ali Issa, Chief Executive, Bank Muscat said: "Oman has always facilitated a conducive environment for several overseas investors, including Indian investors, to set up projects in the country and this has played a pivotal role in helping Oman to achieve its Vision 2020 of diversifying from oil as a major source of income to other allied activities such as metals, downstream oil and gas etc.
"Going forward, we anticipate there would be many such projects being set up by Indian corporates in Oman."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why is Twitter attracting fewer new usersWhy is Twitter attracting fewer new users?
By New York Times | 28 Oct, 2014, 03.52PM IST
Twitter reported Monday that the number of monthly Twitter users grew to 284 million in the third quarter, up 4.8 per cent from 271 million.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Vindu Goel
SAN FRANCISCO: Dick Costolo, Twitter's chief executive, has been sprucing up the social network this year to draw in new users, but the renovations don't seem to be bringing in enough newcomers.
Twitter reported Monday that the number of monthly Twitter users grew to 284 million in the third quarter, up 4.8 per cent from 271 million in the second quarter. But the social network attracted fewer new people to it than it did in the first or second quarters.
Usage of the service by existing customers has also stalled. On average, regular users pulled up their Twitter feeds slightly less frequently than during the previous quarter. And the company disclosed that in its top 20 markets, fewer than half of Twitter's monthly visitors check out the service daily - a statistic that is roughly unchanged from a year ago, when Twitter filed its paperwork to sell stock to public investors.
That suggests that recent changes made to the service, including an overhaul of the new user experience that was rolled out this year around the World Cup soccer tournament, have yet to produce great benefits to the company.
Twitter's stock plunged about 10 per cent immediately in after-hours trading in the minutes after the results came out. In regular trading earlier in the day, shares fell 2.8 per cent, to close at $48.56.
Twitter also raised its financial projections for the fourth quarter, projecting revenue in the range of $440 million to $450 million and adjusted profits of $100 million to $105 million.
Costolo said growth would take time. "I'm confident in our ability to build the largest daily audience in the world over time, by strengthening the core, reducing barriers to consumption and building new apps and services," he said in a statement.
Twitter's revenue, most of which comes from advertising, increased sharply in the third quarter. Revenue more than doubled to $361.3 million, compared with $168.6 million a year ago, exceeding Wall Street's projection of $352 million.
The company said it collected $1.77 in ad revenue per 1,000 users, its highest level ever and up 83 per cent from last year's third quarter.
Twitter recently expanded its options for marketers to buy video ads and ads inside other companies' mobile applications.
The social network is still losing money as it spends hundreds of millions of dollars on stock compensation for its rapidly growing employment base. In the third quarter, its net loss was $175.5 million, or 29 cents a share, compared with a loss of $64.6 million, or 48 cents a share in the period a year earlier.

Senas Saamna sings paeans to ModiUpdated: October 28, 2014 16:15 IST
Sena’s ‘Saamna’ sings paeans to Modi
Alok Deshpande
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Shiv Sena party president Uddhav Thackeray. In a move to mend differences with the BJP, the Shiv Sena on Monday announced that it will support any leader from the BJP who will be given the task to lead the state. File photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
On Tuesday, Saamna, the party organ, sought to praise Mr. Modi for asserting the cultural identity of Hindus.
With the newly elected BJP MLAs set to elect their leader paving way for formation of a new government in the state, an over-anxious Shiv Sena, which wants to return to the BJP fold as a partner in the new regime, is tying itself in knots on how to go about it.
Haughtiness of its leader Uddhav Thackeray has made the task even more complicated. Barring a courtesy call to the BJP President Amit Shah on the night election results were out, he has done precious little to reach out to the BJP in concrete terms.
The Sena mouth-piece which initially mocked at the so-called `Modi wave' has been attempting a course-correction but it is being nullified by reckless statements of some of senior party leaders. For instance on Monday a senior leader had gone to the extent of saying that if Mr. Modi can engage to the Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif why can't Sena and BJP talk.
“Modi has decided to change the cultural face of this nation and as a result events like Diwali-milan are taking place in Delhi. This is a positive sign””
On Tuesday, Saamna, the party organ, sought to praise Mr. Modi for asserting the cultural identity of Hindus. "Modi has decided to change the cultural face of this nation and as a result events like Diwali-milan are taking place in Delhi. This is a positive sign”.
It contended that Hindu community is excited that the Prime Minister himself is celebrating festivals like Diwali and Dussehra. “That is the reason why we are praising Mr. Modi,” said an editorial, adding that this year the political Iftar parties were deserted. “This is an important change,” it said.
Ironically, it was the party president Uddhav Thackeray who had launched a bitter attack against the BJP. He had even called the BJP leaders as the forces of mughal worrior Afzal Khan, who had attacked Maharashtra at the time of Chhatrapati Shivaji. In an interview to Saamna, Mr. Thackeray had said that if a tea-seller can become prime minister, why can’t I become chief minister?
Praising Mr. Modi for his actions to improve the condition of poor in this country, the editorial said that such schemes should be prioritized.
“Congress used to celebrate Iftar as if it was a national festival. It was more about vote bank politics than actual love for Muslims. This vote bank politics is over because of Mr. Modi”
“Congress used to celebrate Iftar as if it was a national festival. It was more about vote bank politics than actual love for Muslims. This vote bank politics is over because of Mr. Modi,” the editorial said.
FAQ on the BJP-Sena split
Maharashtra went to the polls on October 15, 2014. For the first time in two decades, it witnessed a five-cornered contest as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year alliance (and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress their 15-year coalition) and with Maharashtra Navanirman Sena also being in the fray. On October 19 the results of the Maharashtra bypolls were announced and the BJP won in a simple majority with 123 seats while the Shiv Sena won 63.
What led to the BJP-Sena split?
The main reason for the split was the failure to reach a consensus over seat-sharing for the Assembly elections. While the BJP demanded at least 130 seats, Shiv Sena refused to give its ally more than 119. Earlier, Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray expressed his desire for the Chief Minister’s post, which the BJP refused to accept.
What’s the status quo?
On October 27th, the Shiv Sena announced that it will support any CM candidate from the BJP. Even as a section of the BJP State unit continues to lobby for a minority government in Maharashtra with the help of Independents, the party announced that it wanted a tie-up with its estranged ally, the Shiv Sena. However, this announcement came with the rider that the Sena should come on board without any conditions.
How did the parties come together in Maharashtra 25 years ago?
The BJP and Shiv Sena came together to forge an alliance in Maharashtra in 1989. Shiv Sena had always had the upper hand among the two parties in the State, with major share of the seats going to the Sena. The Sena came to power in 1995, and stayed in power for a term. Though they were out of the hot seat for the last 15 years, together they were strong as the opposition party. Shiv Sena was part of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). However, the relationship has faced many ups and downs over the years. After Bal Thackeray’s death in 2012, former BJP president Nitin Gadkari was against continuing the alliance with the Sena’s new chief Uddhav Thackeray.

Sensex Rises 127 Points to End at Over 1-Month High  Sun Pharma Surges 4%IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
The BSE Sensex and Nifty rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories reported its first profit in six quarters.
Lenders also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended higher 1.8 per cent.
Ranbaxy surged over 6 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.2 per cent.
The benchmark Sensex rose 127 points to end at 26,880 while the broader Nifty gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex ends up 128 pts; Ranbaxy Sensex rise 5-6%Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended with some smart gains as trading picked up pace in the last few hours. The Sensex closed up 127.92 points at 26880.82 and the Nifty was up 35.90 points at 8027.60. About 1509 shares advanced, 1371 shares declined and 111 shares were unchanged.
Sun Pharma was up 5 percent. Cipla, SBI, Tata Power and GAIL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Dr Reddy's Labs and Reliance.
03:20 pm Results
Power and automation technologies major ABB India missed street expectations on every parameter in third quarter of current calendar year 2014. Net profit rose by 25 percent to Rs 45 crore during the quarter from Rs 36 crore in the year-ago period.
"The company maintained a healthy double digit growth in profit on the back of improved execution, better productivity and continued savings from operational excellence initiatives while tight market liquidity conditions and high cost of capital continue to weigh on earnings," said ABB in its filing.
The company follows calendar year (2014) as its financial year.
3:00 pm Oil import
Hit by uncertainty over oil supplies from West Asia, India is keen to diversify its imports and wants to buy crude from the US, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has said.
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East -- Iraq and Syria -- as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Asia's second-biggest energy user, which spent USD 143 billion on import of crude oil in 2013-14, wants the US to extend its policy of allowing gas exports to crude oil as well.
"I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from the US, which currently does not allow oil exports," Pradhan told PTI. India wants to reduce its reliance on the Middle East nations for meeting its oil needs and instead wants to tap Latin American countries including Mexico and Russia. 
02:30pm Interview
Sharad Sharma, Managing Director, State Bank of Mysore expects the public sector lender’s NII growth to improve to 12-14 percent in the second half of FY15.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the financial performance of the bank in the quarter gone by , he said that the bank is now focussed on retail growth and its net interest margin is stable at 3-3.1 percent.
The bank is looking at gross NPA of around 4 percent by FY15-end, he said. Further, there has been a steady reduction in slippages over last three quarters.
Meanwhile, the bank is not planning to move on rates in the next three months. Also, it has no merger plans in the foreseeable future, he added.
02:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks extended gains in afternoon trade with the Sensex rising 109.70 points to 26862.60 and the Nifty climbing 34.15 points to 8025.85 supported by banking & financials, healthcare and Tata group stocks.
About 1396 shares have advanced, 1336 shares declined, and 115 shares are unchanged.
Ranbaxy Labs surged 7 percent after reporting a profit of Rs 478 crore in September quarter compared to loss of Rs 454 crore in the year-ago period due to no settlement provision, lower expenses and higher sales. Sun Pharma, which is going to become the owner of Ranbaxy soon, rallied 5 percent.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India and ICICI Bank rallied 2 percent each. Cipla, Gail India and Tata Power too gained more than 2 percent followed by HDFC, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra with over a percent gain.
However, Hero Motocorp, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and HUL fell 1-2 percent. Reliance Industries, Infosys, ONGC, Axis Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and Maruti declined over 0.5 percent.
13:08

Have no undisclosed bank account abroad: Radha TimbloBlack money: Radha Timblo denies having undisclosed foreign bank account
PTI     Panaji   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:08 IST
Radha Timblo (Photo: PTI)
Radha Timblo, a Goa-based miner whose name figures in the black money list submitted by the Centre in the Supreme Court, on Tuesday denied having any undisclosed bank account in the country or abroad.
On the affidavit filed before the SC on Monday, she said the matter in the affidavit was already settled and adjudicated. My conscience is very clear. We have paid all the taxes.
We have no undisclosed bank accounts in India or abroad, Timblo said. Timblo also said that though the firm has given political donations, they don't have any political affiliations.
We have no political affiliation. Making official donations to political parties is not a crime, she said.
Names of Dabur group promoter Pradip Burman , Rajkot-based bullion dealer Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited and its five Directors - Mrs Radha S Timblo, Chetan Timblo, Rohan Timblo, Mrs Anna Timblo and Mrs Mallika Timblo - figured in the affidavit filed in the apex court on Monday by the government as part of its drive to unearth blackmoney abroad.
Timblo Private Limited, a mining firm, had also figured in the reports of Justice M B Shah Commission and the Centrally-Empowered Committee that probed illegal mining in Goa.

Two held for rape of 76-year old woman inNagalandPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:37 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:38 pm
A 76-year-old woman was allegedly raped by two men in Jotsoma, a village on the outskirts of Kohima, the Nagaland capital. The police arrested the culprits after they were apprehended by villagers.
The woman has been admitted to hospital where she is undergoing treatment after the mandatory examinations were carried out. While the incident had occurred Saturday night, the police arrested the accused a day later. “The two culprits who had allegedly committed the crime are in our custody now. Investigations are on. The medical report is also expected soon,” Kohima SP Joseph Hesso said over the telephone Tuesday.
The incident has caused anguish in the hill state with people organising protest rallies and demanding exemplary punishment to the culprits. Another woman, apparently related to the victim, has been also picked up by the police in connection with the incident.
Hundreds of women took part in a protest march in Kohima Monday demanding speedy justice and adequate compensation to the victim. They also demanded that the two culprits should not be granted bail under any circumstances. They have been identified as Adu Nakro and Vezhohu Resuh from Pholomi, a village in the adjoining Phek district and were tenants in a house in Jotsoma.
Temsula Ao, chairperson of the Nagaland State Commission for Women, had recently said “total lack of discipline in social behaviour” coupled with “incompetence of the authorities to maintain proper surveillance of women’s security in general” had led to an alarming increase in incidents of rapes and other crimes against women in the hill state.

Indians addicted to smartphones  sayssurveyPrint
People based out of Pune have the highest tendency of buying gadgets like smartphones and laptops when they are on leisure travel.
Written by Garima Rakesh Mishra | Pune | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:16 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:22 pm
That smartphones are fast gaining the status of ‘lifelines’ would not be an overstatement. At least that’s what a recent survey seems to have found out. The facts and figures revealed in the survey by online travel company Expedia signal high dependency of new age Indians on smartphones.
As many as 95 per cent Indian respondents feel that their smartphone is very or of critical importance to their daily lives. The survey, which was conducted online from August 25 to September 17 across 25 countries from North America, Europe, South America and Asia Pacific, covered 8,856 employed adults aged 18 years and above.
Commenting on the highlights of the survey, Vikram Malhi, MD, Asia, Expedia, said: “We decided to conduct this survey to understand the booking behaviour of the neo-Indian traveller. The findings clearly suggest an increasing dependency on the mobile platform. Indians lead in app booking and data roaming plans globally. In fact, 75 per cent of Indians — the figure is the highest among all the countries surveyed — are those who have used an app on their smartphone or tablet to book accommodation.” He added that 68 per cent of the Indians admitted that they purchased an international data or roaming plan for their mobile device(s) while travelling away from their home network. The survey also reveals that with the rise of smartphones, the desktop is becoming an obsolete instrument — with only 28 per cent of the Indians using it for travel booking — second lowest globally.
As far as Pune figures are concerned, the survey offers some interesting data. As many as 44 per cent of the Puneites among the Indian surveyed confessed to using smartphones most frequently at home. Interestingly, the figure is the highest as compared to other big Indian cities — Delhi (35 per cent), Mumbai (29 per cent), Bangalore (37 per cent) and Hyderabad (36 per cent).
The survey says Puneites have the highest tendency of buying gadgets like smartphones (90 per cent) and laptops (91 per cent) when they are on leisure travel. They lead the segment across Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. It also reveals that at 48 per cent, Puneites are the highest users of gaming, music, movie and TV show apps while travelling. “It clearly emphasises on the trend of Puneites moving on to a more connected experience while travelling,” said Malhi.
About 39 per cent of the Puneites (the figure is again highest compared to Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad) associate the anxiety of losing mobile with the feeling that “all my apps, music and social networks are on my device”. As many as 59 per cent of the smartphone owners in Pune feel “insecure”, “isolated” and “shipwrecked” when they lose a mobile device. This figure too is highest among the cities surveyed — Delhi (40 per cent), Mumbai (41 per cent), Bangalore (37 per cent) and Hyderabad (43 per cent).
Though considered a wrong etiquette, 55 per cent of the Pune respondents confessed to making phone calls while dining at a restaurant or a cafe. The percentage of other four cities is much lower — Delhi (40), Mumbai (42), Bangalore (39) and Hyderabad (46).
City-based IT professional Pulkit Mathur is someone who can completely relate with the survey data. “I will not be exaggerating when I say my life runs on my mobile phone. Except when I am sleeping, I am constantly on the phone — checking mails, photos, chatting, browsing and so on. I have noticed that there are times when I am actually not doing anything productive on the phone but yet I am aimlessly checking my phone,” he said.
- 86 per cent of Indians own/use a smartphone
- India has the highest number of smartwatch owners globally, with 18 per cent of them owning/using the device
- India has the second highest number of Google Glass owners (6 per cent) after South Korea (8 per cent)
- 85 per cent of Indians currently have and use a laptop (Fourth highest in the world after Denmark (89 per cent), Austria (86per cent) and Norway (86 per cent)
- At 88 per cent, India ranked fifth in number of people saying they always bring their smartphone with them on leisure trips
- Indians rank second highest in carrying laptops with them on leisure trips (47 per cent) after UAE (48 per cent)

India to supply Vietnam with naval vessels amid China disputes | Signs imp agreementsYou are here: Home > Collections
India to supply Vietnam with naval vessels amid China disputes
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.19PM IST
Tags:
China
(Both India and Vietnam have…)
NEW DELHI: India and Vietnam today decided to boost their defence and strategic partnership that will see supply of four naval patrol vessels to Hanoi as part of $100 million Line of Credit (LoC) signed last month and enhancement in training program for the military of Southeast Asian nation. The two countries also decided to ramp up cooperation in the field of hydrocarbon, civil nuclear energy and space.
"Our defence cooperation with Vietnam is among our most important ones. India remains committed to the modernisation of Vietnam's defence and security forces," Modi said following his talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung here. Dung is here on a two-day visit close on the heels of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Vietnam when MoU for 100-bn $LoC in defence was signed.
The two sides signed seven agreements following talks which included two pacts in oil exploration sector besides agreements in the field of culture, tourism and English language training. Notwithstanding Chinese objections, Vietnam offered India rights for exploration in two additional oil and gas blocks in the South China Sea region. In a quick reaction, Beijing warned that it will firmly oppose any exploration activity in South China Sea if it undermines its "sovereignty and interests".
The scope of India-Vietnam defence ties will be enhanced and this includes expansion of training programme, which is already very substantial, joint exercises and cooperation in defence equipment, official sources said.
The decision between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung, who held wide-ranging talks towards transforming ties to comprehensive partnership, to boost defence and security ties happened amid China's aggression in the region.
"We will quickly operationalise the 100 million dollars LoC that will enable Vietnam acquire new naval vessels from India. We have also agreed to enhance our security cooperation, including in counter-terrorism," Modi said.
Vietnam wants the vessel for surveillance off its coast and around its military bases in the Spratly island chain in the South China Sea where it is building a credible naval deterrent to China with Kilo-class submarines from Russia.
Sources also said that talks are on to train Vietnam Air Force pilots in flying Sukhoi fighters as well. India is already training the Vietnam Navy personnel in operating the Russian -origin Kilo-class submarine among other areas.
The two leaders also called for "restraint" and "freedom of navigation" in the South China Sea, where China is embroiled in a bitter dispute with Vietnam and other nations. Beijing is on a collision course with Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shipping Corporation of India: Q2 results on Nov 13  2014Oct 28, 2014, 04.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shipping Corporation of India: Q2 results on Nov 13, 2014
Shipping Corporation of India has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 13, 2014 for approving the un-audited financial results for the quarter and the half year ended on September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shipping Corporation of India: Q2 results on Nov 13, 2014
Shipping Corporation of India has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 13, 2014 for approving the un-audited financial results for the quarter and the half year ended on September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Shipping Corporation of India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 13, 2014 for approving the un-audited financial results for the quarter and the half year ended on September 30, 2014 (Q2).Source : BSE

Checking in with Choice CEOchecking in with choice ceo
World Bank cuts China growth forecastWorld Bank cuts China growth forecast
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40ff59be-4d01-11e4-a0d7-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Collector car auction driving big businessHear "muscle car" and your mind quickly goes to Super Bees, GTOs, and Mustangs bellowing from light to light, putting pink slips against gas fumes. Today's muscle cars combine the testosterone-induced excitement of their predecessors with technology unimaginable decades ago. The future will... ( Casey Williams, Special to Tribune Newspapers )
Some of the offerings this weekend range from a 2015 Chevrolet Camaro hot rod limited edition to a 1968 Shelby GT500 Fastback to a 1973 Ford Bronco or 1927 Kissel Roadster.
And dreamers pay a price to make fantasy a reality. Though nothing matches the 1963 Harley Earl Corvette that sold for $1.5 million at last year’s auction, a range of 1,000 vehicles priced from a few thousand to hundreds of thousands of dollars give some idea of what dreams are made.
“We have something for everybody,” says the 32-year-old Mecum, who is one of four children working under founder Dana Mecum.
The family business has 12 high-profile auctions a year across the country, including its monster ten-day, 3,000-vehicle show in Kissimmee, Fla., in January. But Mecum considers the Fall Premier in Chicagoland its hometown auction.
From Maregno, Ill., the Mecum family held its first auction in Rockford in 1988. It was supposed to be a one-time event but it ended with a tornado that destroyed tents and unsold cars. Dana Mecum had to have another one the following year to recoup the initial losses. Now Mecum is a leader in the industry with $300 million in sales a year. “Nobody sells more than Mecum,” say the promotional materials.
“The collector car hobby over the last ten years has gained its own market and stopped flowing off the new car market,” says Frank Mecum. “Auctions in general have become in vogue.”
Like the World Series of Poker, its small market appeal has experienced surging popularity due in part to expanded media coverage. NBC Sports is covering the event this weekend for the first time.
“Collector cars have become a new art,” says Mecum CEO Dave Magers. “But it’s art you can drive around the block.”
Nostalgia, profit, passion, imagination, Vegas-like lights and exhaust all combine to fuel the adrenaline that drives the interest. Imagine a horse race deep in the last leg of the homestretch. That level of excitement is recreated with each entry, where auctioneers working in 30-minute shifts rattle off bid prices and ringpeople shout out paddles flipped in the crowd. Bars flank the pit and even at 1 p.m. on a Thursday, whistles are being whetted and auctioneers are chiding idle and restless bidders alike.

Signs sought on extent of China slowdownOctober 12, 2014 3:32 pm
Signs sought on extent of China slowdown
By Gavin Jackson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7548eba0-506b-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mission  Skill  Speed and Scale  needs to move to next orbitMission 'Skill, Speed and Scale' needs to move to next orbit
Sanjiv Kataria        Last Updated: October 15, 2014  | 10:48 IST
Sanjiv Kataria
The skill development role currently performed by nearly 20 central ministries, including the ministries of labour and human resources development, calls for a dramatic change.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's mantra of 'Skill, Speed and Scale' and creation of an independent Ministry of Skill Development on the day of his swearing-in and references to skill development in every public broadcast reflects the commitment to address the issue.
Three key agencies - National Skills Development Corporation, National Skill Development Agency and National Skill Development Trust - earlier part of the Ministry of Finance are now under the administrative control of the Ministry of Skill Development.
National Skills Development Corporation (NSDC) has over the years covered a lot of ground in identifying 31 sector skill development councils and 131 training partners it is clear that the target for skilling 500 million Indians by 2022 by NSDC is by no means daunting.
A look at the 'under construction' website of the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship at the end of 120 days, however, is bound to dampen the spirits of India's aspiring youth looking for meaningful and economically rewarding jobs. Like many others I only hope that the website is not reflective of the speed, seriousness and urgency with which the ministry is taking up its task.
The skill development ministry 's coordinating role, with 20 other ministries charged with skill development envisaged at least for now, is akin to serving 'old wine in a new bottle'. While clubbing departments of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship with Sports and Youth Affairs sound logical, I hope that it is not priority No. 3 for the youthful minister.
The Department of Sports demands full-time attention with a series of crisis surfacing from faction-ridden sports bodies and shabbily treated, ignored and neglected sportspersons. Despite logical reasons for clubbing Sports with Skill development and Entrepreneurship, the Minister needs to watch out that its gets the attention it deserves.
The progress of several skill development councils posted on the NSDC website brings out clearly that the Information Technology (IT) and BPO sector outshines the rest in terms of certification of skills and creation of job opportunities.
The Indian IT and the related BPO sector grew rapidly in the last 25 years by creating a robust manpower pool of 3 million new employees. The sector is a shining example of skill building and offers several take-aways for India's efforts in this area.
No other sector has
>> Provided, by way of lateral mobility, well-trained talent pool to sectors such as financial services, e-governance, manufacturing, education, and R&D.
>> Tapped talent from non-metro cities for their learnability, technical prowess and skills.
>> Opened up 5 million new job opportunities in facilities management, catering, transport, real-estate and housing sector.
And not to forget the massive economic multiplier it offered to home towns of IT and BPO workers - metros, mini metros, small towns and villages.
As the government sets out to convert 100 Indian cities into smart cities, skill millions of young Indians, clean the country and invite tourists there may are lessons to learn, processes to adopt and methods to emulate.
Here is an opportunity to take back IT and BPO workers closer to their homes, not so much for their IT and BPO skills but for problem solving,  putting process in place and training youth and adults to gain employable skills.
The growth of IT and BPO industry will continue to give fillip to Civic, Real Estate and IT infrastructure, offer well-paying jobs for youth closer home with its spread beyond metros generating an accelerated economic multiplier while earning valuable forex.
I single out the BPO industry for skilling its entire work force at zero cost to the government especially as it does not ask for grants or tax incentives for skilling its manpower pool.
The task of skilling to Indians in the deep interiors of the country is not without challenges, that include:
>> Help Indians to overcome the inertia of investing time and money in acquiring new skills, adapting new methods and technologies.
>> Emulate entrepreneurial models that they own and set up entrepreneurial firms that deploy local skills, arts and crafts, materials and expertise.
>> Motivate unemployed youth to skill themselves and build pride in adding to India's productivity.
>> Restore dignity of labour for jobs that are not respected.
>> Skill building and entrepreneurship development has to move beyond big cities and spread to the farthest corners, just as BPO industry is moving to small towns and rural areas.
The skill development ministry will have to find methods to make skilling attractive for youth, especially when 'dole oriented' schemes like MNREGA dampen the initiative to pick up new skills or to re-skill themselves.
Just as the American education system has seen declining interest in enrolling sciences and technology at college level, what if Indian youth choose to shun careers in farming, mining etc. We need to find methods to motivate youth to take up socially less acceptable jobs like plumbing, shoe-making or scavenging. Devising differential wages for hazardous or less glamorous careers may be a method.
We need to deploy mechanisation and technology in all sectors, agriculture, and infrastructure sector included to build the attractiveness of low-skilled low-paying yet strenuous jobs.
The earlier we build on the demographic advantage of rural and small town India the better. India's development rests there.
(Sanjiv Kataria is a Strategic Communications Counsel for the Services Industry. Among his customers, Encyclopaedia Britannica and NIIT are engaged in education and skill building while Teleperformance India offers extensive on-the-job skills to its contact center staff. The author has not been paid by any of them to write these.)

Tips on better retirement planning for womenStory
Shorter work life; longer plan
Two important aspects which make retirement planning for women different, higher life expectancy and shorter working
Sunil Mishra        Edition: October 2014
Photo: Reuters
Saying that retirement planning is important will be merely stating the obvious. A safe and financially secure retirement is the dream of all, but reality for a few. Women, whether married or unmarried, are often caught at the wrong financial end when it comes to retirement planning. This can be because despite the fact that more women through the years have started working, they are not focused on saving for their own needs. However, one needs to concentrate on better retirement planning for secured life in old age, irrespective of whether they are married or single. There are two important aspects which make retirement planning for women different:
HIGHER LIFE EXPECTANCY
It has been proven that women have higher life expectancy than men. This means that while planning for retirement, women will have to plan for a longer period. In case a woman is fully dependent on her husband and is not financially aware, she can get into trouble after the husband passes away. So, whether a woman is planning her retirement alone, or with her husband, the number of years post retirement is an important aspect of retirement planning. Also, the husband must ensure that if his wife outlives him, she should not only have sufficient funds to carry her through her old age but also have complete knowledge about it.
LESS WORKING YEARS
It is common to see women give up their careers or take up lesser-paying jobs to take care of the children, maintain work life balance etc. This percentage of women doing this is high in India when compared to western countries. This means women will have to save more in a short period to fulfill their needs. So, they should start planning for retirement and stick to a plan right from the beginning of their careers. That is the time when there are limited responsibilities and so can save sizeable amounts. Equity is a good option at this stage of life. If one has to quit the jobs due to family reasons, make sure that whatever you have accumulated is invested well. Also, do not spend all your provident fund even if you withdraw it, and invest it wisely.
RETIREMENT TIPS FOR SINGLE WOMEN:
>> Start early and contribute as much to your PF as you can afford.
>> Start investing in equity investment plans. Invest in compounding plans so that you get better returns.
>> Always maintain contingency cash so that you need not to depend on policies or investments at emergencies.
RETIREMENT TIPS FOR MARRIED WOMEN:
>> Discuss with your husband regarding your earnings and how much you have decided to allocate for your retirement plans.
>> Find suitable retirement plans in financial market and with complete expert guide you can have better retirement schemes, which gives you better tax-efficient yield.
>> Do not invest your retirement corpus on speculative assets.
>> Involve your husband in decision-making so that your portfolios are in sync.
Plan early to ensure you have a peaceful and financially secure retired life.
 
(The author, Sunil Mishra, is CEO of Karvy Private Wealth)
 

Tips to set up your very own gamer s roomStory
Setting up your Gamer's Room
If you are passionate about gaming, get yourself some space and set up a dedicated gaming room.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
Setting up your Gamer's Room
If you are passionate about gaming, get yourself some space and set up a dedicated gaming room. This should be a combination of comfort and technological assortments - from the latest consoles to the cool, relaxing couch. But other than these two, there are a lot many things that should be on your mind. Here, have a read.
SIZE
The first and foremost thing to keep in mind while setting up a gaming room is its size. There isn't any rule about the dimensions of such a room but there are a few things you should keep in mind. The room should neither be too big nor too small. It should have enough space for the TV to be placed in a noise-free area. There should be adequate distance between the gaming console and the recliner or the couch you plan to install, where you will sit and engage yourself. There should be some extra space too in the room for your friends and siblings to sit around. If the room is too big, there will be a lot of empty space. On the other hand, if the room is too small, you will have a lot of distractions while gaming.
SPEAKERS
An integral part of gaming is the sound of the game. So if you don't have good speakers to channelise the sound, the whole experience can be spoiled. There are multiple speaker systems available - 2.1 channel, 5.1 channel, 7.1 channel and even 9.1 channel. Newage speakers also offer wireless connectivity, eliminating the mess of running wires across the room.
RECLINER
La-Z-boy or a recliner or a bean bag is a must have in a gaming room where you can sit continuously for hours, without getting tired. Or even take a quick nap without stressing your body much.
SOUNDPROOFING
In gaming rooms, sound levels are often high. But this should not trouble other house members or neighbours. So, soundproofing the gaming room should be your top priority. Soundproofing also helps in improving the sound quality inside the room. You can either go for a contractor who can sound proof the room or do some basic bit yourself that can absorb noise. Some popular methods used are adding framing to ceiling and walls, and using layers of insulating foam or drywalls designed specifically for noise control in buildings. Carpets, thick curtains and free-standing or wallmounted acoustic panels also absorb noise.
TV OR PROJECTOR
Gaming on a small screen isn't as much fun as on a bigger display. Here you can choose between having a projector or a sleek LED TV. With a projector, you can change the distance and projection size later. However, with a TV, you will be stuck with the same display size. However, do make sure that whatever you may choose, a TV or a projector, both have enough connectivity options for pairing it with speakers, consoles, etc.
WIRING
Setting up a gaming room means having a lot of gadgets and wires running across the room that can make it look messed up. It the wires are left loose, they can pose danger as someone might fall. Cover all the wires under carpet, behind the shelves or tie them so that they do not spoil the look of the room. Instead of running wires across the room for the power socket, get a good looking, high-quality extension cord.
CONSOLE AND ACCESSORIES
If you are into gaming, you would have your own, personal favourite console - Microsoft Xbox, Sony PS  or Nintendo Wii. What you also need to think about is whether you only want controllerbased gaming experience or even gesture-based. Accordingly, you will have to invest in extra controllers, camera, etc. as only a single controller is bundled into the pack.
LIGHTING
It may sound boring but lighting of the gaming room is also crucial. The gaming room should not be overly well-lit but the lighting should be such that the room is functional as well as stylish. One should have lighting at different places or specific areas of the room, as per the need. Do keep in mind, if you are going for a projector setting, the room should get completely dark for the best output. For a TV setup, a light should not be placed on the wall opposite to the TV. Prefer remote control lighting for more fun.
WIRELESS ROUTER
Chances are that you would have a wireless router at home for Internet connectivity. But for online gamers, there should be a dedicated wireless network that should not be interfered with speed issues. Get yourself a gaming router to connect your console.

Rise and Drive car show has last event of seasonRise and Drive car show has last event of season
Rise and Drive car meet
Rise and Drive Instagram
Rise and Drive has its final event of the inaugural year on Sunday, October 26, from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. at Soldier Field South parking lot. Free and open to the public.
Rise and Drive has its final event of the inaugural year on Sunday, October 26, from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. at Soldier Field South parking lot. Free and open to the public. (Rise and Drive Instagram)
Rise and Drive, the last outdoor car show of the season, meets at Soldier Field S lot on 10/26 from 8-11 am.
Check out Rise and Drive car meet 10/26 from 8-11am at Soldier Field South lot.
With the last gasp of leaves falling from the trees and the possibly the last playoff gasp of the Chicago Bears away in New England, the Soldier Field South parking lot hosts the final event of the inaugural season of the Rise and Drive car show on Sunday, October 26 from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m.
Take the flipped hoods and rumbling engines of cruise nights and blend it with the high-gloss presentation and massive scope of an auto show, take five generations of living automotive history and supercharge it with the instantaneous exchange of millions of dollars and you get the Mecum... ( Robert Duffer )
Admission is free and open to the public. It is organized by a private collector who wishes to remain anonymous, says Wu, who drives a Hyundai Elantra.
September's big draw was an original 1966 Ford GT 40 Mark 1. Porsche, Ferrari, muscle cars and supercars have been popular in the monthly event that launched in July. In addition to about 70 cars on average, there will be food trucks and free coffee. 
"It's been different every time," says Jennifer Wu, the event coordinator for the free event. "We've had a good mix of exotic, modern, and historic cars."

Situation tense  but under control after clashes in Trilokpuripicture  others
Situation tense, but ‘under control’ after clashes in Trilokpuri
Situation in East Delhi’s Trilokpuri locality on Sunday remained tense but “under control” as there were no reports of fresh violence from the area which has been on the boil in the last three days following a clash between two groups on Diwali night.
A couple wait outside their house in the curfew bound Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Prohibitory orders remained imposed in the area and large contingent of police along with Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) were keeping a tight vigil in the area.
RAF personnel guard an area as a local man takes a nap in the curfew bound area of Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Police has detained some people for making hoax calls or spreading rumours, and senior officers were contemplating filing a case against them.
A woman looks out of her window in the  curfew bound Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Eerie calm prevailed in the area as locals preferred to stay at home. Those ventured out to buy essential household items like milk and other eatables claimed that outsiders had stoked violence in the area.
Policemen collect evidence from a road filled with brick bats in Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Five persons had suffered gunshot injuries in the clashes. Till Saturday evening, 35 people, including 13 policemen had reportedly sustained injuries in the three days of violent clashes.
A car burnt in Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
More than 70 miscreants have been arrested so far in connection with the incident and combing operations were on. Police has advised the public to refrain from visiting the area.
A policeman walks past a burnt shop in Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
A police cameraman takes footage of brick bats at a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Source: PTI Photo)
Related

The Ganga in Varanasi; One river  multiple facetspicture  others
The Ganga in Varanasi; One river, multiple facets
The river Ganga in the holy city Varanasi calls artists, sages, musicians and painters who are in quenches their thirst for knowledge. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
River Ganga not just has spiritual and religious significance. It also nourishes a population of over 450 million. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
A vast Dhobi ghat operational near Harishchandra ghat, despite the fact that use of soap and detergent is banned in the river. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Hindus consider this as one of the holiest places; they offer prayers to the river and the sun. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
People from far-off places come here to find peace and nirvana. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The Assi nullah, once a tributary of river Ganga, carries township sewage of thousands of homes having unplanned sewage line, enters in river Ganga near Ravidas Ghat. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The water from Assi nullah enters the river continuously without undergoing a treatment process. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
This is how river looks like in its southern stretch. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
This is the same place where the annual grand function of 'Ganga Mahotsav' is celebrated in the month of November and several artists, politicians and social workers arrive in and pledge to clean the holy river. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The southern stretch is mostly uncrowded unlike the northern stretch where temples and religious activities keep the area abuzz with tourists and pilgrims. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
More interesting is the fact that, the river flows from South to North in Varanasi. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The point where Assi nullah enters river Ganga. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Apart from Assi nullah, around 5-6 big streams and hundreds of small stream unplanned sewage lines dispose waste. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
All these lines empty the township waste from residential colonies and untreated waste from nearby industrial areas. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The location Mir Ghat. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Limestone and other chemicals deposited on the side of the river at prominent Mir Ghat. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Not very far from the grand cremation ghat Manikarnika, this picture at Lalita ghat shows the waste and garbage coming from the creamtion ghat. There is no proper mechanism to clean the river in that area which bears the burden of burning hundreds of dead bodies every day. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The NGOs have helped nothing as of now. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Several NGOs and independent people seem to be working for the cleanliness of the river, (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The same place at Rajendra Prasad Ghat in Varanasi from where former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi launched the Ganga Action Plan in 1986. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
According to Allahabad High Court order, no plastic bags are allowed in 200 metre radius of the river. However, this is not implemented. Plastic bags and bottles are found deposited in the river bed. The local administration or the civic body take no step to control the use of poly bags. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The 28 years of the project, no attention was paid on checking direct disposal of sewage and other pollutants in Ganga from the trans-Ganga townships. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The view of the Assi Ghat in the twilight. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Related

Ten store brands of baby wipes recalled for possible bacteriaStore-brand baby wipes recalled due to bacteria
Nutek recall includes baby wipes made for Walgreens, Sam's Club
B. cepacia bacteria found in some Nutek baby wipes
A Pennsylvania company is recalling all 10 brands of baby wipes it makes, including those made for Walgreens and Diapers.com, as some packs may contain a bacteria known to pose a risk to people with certain health problems.
Caption Bean bag chairs
Consumer Product Safety Commission
About 2.2 million bean bag chairs have been recalled for a possible choking hazard after the death of two children. The chairs were made by Ace Bayou Corp., based in New Orleans, and sold at Bon-Ton, Meijer, Pamida, School Specialty, Wayfair and Walmart stores and online on Amazon.com. The...
About 2.2 million bean bag chairs have been recalled for a possible choking hazard after the death of two children. The chairs were made by Ace Bayou Corp., based in New Orleans, and sold at Bon-Ton, Meijer, Pamida, School Specialty, Wayfair and Walmart stores and online on Amazon.com. The... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption Franklin & Ben Mason recalls convertible cribs
Consumer Product Safety Commission
About 1,000 Franklin & Ben Mason 4-in-1 Convertible Cribs are being recalled in the U.S. because the front can detach from the side panels and create a gap that's big enough to trap a child or allow the child to fall out. The crib front can separate from the side panels and create a hazardous...
About 1,000 Franklin & Ben Mason 4-in-1 Convertible Cribs are being recalled in the U.S. because the front can detach from the side panels and create a gap that's big enough to trap a child or allow the child to fall out. The crib front can separate from the side panels and create a hazardous... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption Brita recalls children's water bottles over laceration hazard
Consumer Product Safety Commission
Brita is recalling almost 243,000 hard-sided water filter bottle for kids because the lid can break into pieces and poses a laceration hazard. Characters and bottle colors include Dora the Explorer, Hello Kitty, SpongeBob Square Pants and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, green. The bottles have...
Brita is recalling almost 243,000 hard-sided water filter bottle for kids because the lid can break into pieces and poses a laceration hazard. Characters and bottle colors include Dora the Explorer, Hello Kitty, SpongeBob Square Pants and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, green. The bottles have... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption Tin candles sold at Hobby Lobby
Consumer Product Safety Commission
About 126,000 DD branded candles sold in a round metal tin are being recalled because the container's coating can catch fire. They were sold between June and July for about $6. The manufacturer has received two reports of the candle container catching fire and one report of minor property...
About 126,000 DD branded candles sold in a round metal tin are being recalled because the container's coating can catch fire. They were sold between June and July for about $6. The manufacturer has received two reports of the candle container catching fire and one report of minor property... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption L.L. Bean children's sweaters
Consumer Product Safety Commission
L.L. Bean is recalling some of its Fisherman's and Open Stitch sweaters because the spare button can detach and cause a choking hazard. No injuries have been reported.
L.L. Bean is recalling some of its Fisherman's and Open Stitch sweaters because the spare button can detach and cause a choking hazard. No injuries have been reported. (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
See more galleries
Latest recalls: TVs, children's sweaters, water bottles, cribs, grinders
Here are products recently recalled by the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the Food and Drug Administration, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Food Safety and Inspection Center.
Latest recalls: TVs, children's sweaters, water bottles, cribs, grinders
Here are products recently recalled by the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the Food and Drug Administration, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Food Safety and Inspection Center.
Nutek Disposables is recalling baby wipes it made that were sold under 10 brands: Cuties, Diapers.com, Femtex, Fred's, Kidgets, Member's Mark, Simply Right, Sunny Smiles, Tender Touch, and Well Beginnings. The products were distributed before Oct. 21 to Diapers.com, Family Dollar, Fred's, Sam's Club and Walgreens, according to an Oct. 25 statement from the company that was posted on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's website.
Nutek tested its products after getting a few complaints about odor and discoloration, and found the presence of a bacteria called Burkholderia cepacia, or B. cepacia, in some products.

Wall St. ends flat  but energy shares lowerWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Drug case dropped when Darren Wilson  the Ferguson officer who shot Michael Brown  fails to appear at hearingBy Sarah Larimer October 27 Follow @slarimer
In this Feb. 11, 2014, image from video released by the City of Ferguson, Mo., officer Darren Wilson attends a city council meeting. (City of Ferguson via AP)
A drug case investigated by the Ferguson, Mo., police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager in August was dismissed Monday when the officer, Darren Wilson, failed to appear in court, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch .
Wilson was due in court for a hearing in the felony drug case against Christopher A. Brooks, for which the officer had previously earned praise . He has not been spotted in public since his name was linked to the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown in August .
“I expected it to be dismissed,” Brooks’s attorney, Nick Zotos, said in a phone interview with The Post. “I didn’t expect the officer to show at all. Because he’s probably listening to his lawyers. He’s represented by good lawyers in his own defense. I would presume they told him ‘don’t show.’ He’s an inactive police officer, there’s nothing in it for him to appear.”
Wilson’s attorney did not immediately respond to an e-mail.
“We’d always rather win it on the facts of the law, but we’ll take winning on procedure,” Zotos said.
Brown was killed in an Aug. 9 shooting in Ferguson, a suburb of St. Louis. Details surrounding the shooting remain unclear, though a grand jury is investigating the case .
The felony drug case involving Brooks began in February 2013, when Wilson received a call about a suspicious vehicle, according to the Post-Dispatch. Two men exited the car when Wilson arrived, the newspaper reported, and the officer spoke with Brooks and 28-year-old Erik C. Johnson. Wilson handcuffed the pair and asked for Brooks’s keys.
Via the Post-Dispatch, here’s what allegedly happened next:
Brooks refused, Wilson tried to grab the keys, and Brooks slapped his hand away, the report says. Wilson eventually got the keys, and pushed or pulled Brooks to the ground when Brooks refused to get down. Wilson wrote that he later found bags of marijuana and a bag containing 10 pills. An addendum to the report says Brooks admitted selling marijuana to support his family, and planned to sell the pills.
According to the Los Angeles Times, Wilson received an award for the arrest at a Ferguson City Council meeting  this year.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Tesla shares tank on report of Toyota selloutTesla tanks on report of Toyota sellout
By: Chris Woodyard October 27, 2014 5:27 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Toyota Motors President Akio Toyoda (left) as he holds the key of a Tesla Roadstar handed to him by Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk during the presentation of the car at Tesla Japan’s headquarter showroom in Tokyo on November 12, 2010.
Shares of Tesla Motors plunged 5.8% Monday after reports surfaced that Toyota has joined Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler in cutting its stake in the upstart electric-car maker.
Tesla closed at $221.67, down $13.57, continuing a slide that started at the beginning of the month when its price topped $260 a share. Its 52-week high is $291.42.
Japanese news agency Nikkei reported Friday , based on unnamed sources, that Toyota sold some of its Tesla shares, reaping a huge profit. It took a $50 million stake in 2010 good for 2.4% ownership of Tesla. It also collaborated with Tesla to create the electric RAV4, which is being discontinued.
Daimler recently announced that it, too , is reducing its stake in Tesla but will continue to work with the Palo Alto-based automaker on various electric-car project. Those two worked to create the B-Class electric vehicle, which is plying the streets of America.

Is it game over for textingOctober 28, 2014 12:03 am
Is it ‘game over’ for texting?
Geoff Nairn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86996b76-583d-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Better check on health of Europes banksBetter way to check the health of Europe’s banks
The harsh light of the ECB’s asset quality review should be sustained
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce142132-5dd6-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

European banks  life after the AQR© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/da60f928-5deb-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICICI Bank Gains as BofAML Maintains Bullish StanceYou are here: Home Market
ICICI Bank Gains as BofAML Maintains Bullish Stance
NDTV | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:51 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in ICICI Bank gained nearly 2 per cent to a day high of Rs 1,604 on Tuesday. Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML) maintains buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,000 per share. The target implies an upside of over 25 per cent from its current level.
The brokerage says profitability of ICICI Bank has improved sharply over past 5 years and under a best case scenario the can double in three to four years. ICICI Bank stocks to re-rate as return on equity rises from 14 per cent to 18 per cent by FY18, adds BofAML.
ICICI Bank shares ended 1.8 per cent higher at Rs 1,601 apiece outperforming the Nifty which closed 0.45 per cent higher on Tuesday.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:51 (IST)

JM Financial sees Nifty at 8700-8800 by year-end; picks 3 sector bets08:00 am
Gautam Shah, associate director & technical analyst, JM Financial seems extremely bullish on Indian equities. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, he said that Indian equities have been resilient as there has not been even a 10 percent correction in the last 14 months. “This market has seen only time correction and no real price correction. The market set-up continues to be very constructive and the bull trend is definitely intact. So, these dips are healthy for the Nifty to continue its upmove,” he added.
Continuing his positive tone, he said that 8,050 level is short-term resistance for the Nifty and it is likely to hit new record high once this level is breached. Further, he sees the benchmark at 8,700-8,800 by this year-end.
Interestingly, October is a poor month for the Nifty historically, but this time the market has defied history and performed well, he said. However, sentiment and trends for the Nifty are usually upbeat in November and December.
Shah is also upbeat on the Bank Nifty. He has a near-term target of 17,000 for the banking index and eventual target of 19,000. Apart from Bank Nifty, he also likes capital goods space and sees the potential for this sector to perform well going ahead. He is bullish on stocks like L&T ,  BHEL and Siemens . His top three sectoral recommendations also include the oil and gas space.
As far as global markets are concerned, he said that the developed markets may see a consolidation phase in short-term. On currencies, he said that Dollar index in multi-month bull run, may hit 90-92 and the India rupee may appreciate to 57-59/USD by year-end.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Gautam Shah’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy.
Latha: Will it be a great year ahead for the Nifty, first chart it out for the remainder of 2014 itself. Are there some dips to be seen, will the 8.200 level be conquered will we set new highs?
A: In a bull market dips come and go and that should really not bog you down. It is quite amazing to note that for the last 14 months our market has not seen a single 10 percent correction and this is a very important statistic because it actually tells you how clean and how strong this move has been. The last time something like this happened was in that period of late 2002 and whole of 2003 and it is almost after 10 years such a development has taken place because people keep talking of correction, excesses in the market but what we have seen in the last many months just time correction and no real price correction.
The set up continues to be quite healthy. There are four aspects to this current market set up; from a technical perspective, sentimental perspective, seasonal and global. From a technical perspective I am extremely pleased with the way the markets have behaved in the recent past because early October you had the markets get into a little bit of correction and we actually saw a 5 percent fall but then it just took the market four days to cover up three weeks of losses. So, that tells you the bull market is definitely intact and the underlying trend of the market continues to be very strong.
The markets are also back above the moving averages; most of the technical indicators are well placed now. There was a little bit of a worry in August when things started to look a little overheated and the weekly charts had turned very overboard with some legs of divergence but all of that has really got nullified after the kind of time correction that we have seen in the late September and early October.
From a sentimental perspective we have enough clarity looking at the F&O data that there are no excesses in the system at this point of time. You don’t have a scenario wherein just about everything is moving in the market even when the Nifty has been steady you had so many sectors like metals, power, Public Sector Undertakings (PSU), realty, infrastructure all of these sectors have come off quite a bit and that has really lead to this market balancing it out from a sentimental stand point and you do not have a scenario wherein just about every sector is doing well. So that is great news.
Seasonally we are in a very sweet spot, because I have said this many times in the past, the month of October probably has the worst track record for our markets and once again magically the month of October has played out perfectly because you had a pretty decent correction in the Indian market in the first half and the global market saw a much deeper correction and typically the lows of October tend to hold out for a long time and we are just few days away from entering the month of November and November and December typically are months wherein the sentiment and trend is quite upbeat.
From a global stand point things have improved quite a bit in the recent past because some of these US market indices and European market indices witnessed an 8-9 percent correction but the quick and sharp rebound that they have seen in the recent past suggests that things are getting better there as well. Therefore all of factors put together suggest that the market remain on a strong wicket. 8,050 is sort of an important resistance from an extreme short term perspective. Once that gets taken out we are looking at the Nifty hitting new lifetime highs and we feel that eventually the target for this leg of the move is about 8,600-8,700 and we hope to see this level before the New Year.
Sonia: A couple of weeks ago the only reason for which this market could have corrected was global but that as well has recovered. In fact this morning Goldman Sachs has put out a note where they expect to see the S&P 500 at 2150 by the end of 2015. What is your prognosis on US markets now?
A: It is a bit of a tricky call because US markets tend to see a lot more whipsaws than some of the Asian markets or the emerging markets. I would like to believe that the US markets are not going to make a higher high in a hurry because this correction that we saw in the first half of October in US and Europe tells you that there is some sort of reversal and this is just a temporary bounce that has taken place.
So in that sense India might not really see a clean move up from current levels but I am pretty sure that the Indian markets are going to outperform. Yes, the US market volatility could lead to some volatility here as well but the US markets will now broadly get into a range on the downside above 16,000 and on the upside above 17,500 on the DOW and it will just stay very volatile within this 1,500 points band.
Let us not forget for the last two years the US markets have been making higher highs consistently. But in the last three months those higher highs have not been backed by the technical indicators. That is a reason I would like to believe that at least for the time being the developed world is going to see a little more of consolidation and correction but if you look at the local news flow it has really got better and better in the recent past. So if you really have to go by the local factors November and December looks like really good months for our markets whatever might be the case in the US and Europe.

PSU Banks Gain; Government Plans New Process for Appointing OfficialsIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
State-run banks edge higher after government said it planned to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at lenders.
Bank of Baroda Ltd gained 0.7 per cent; Oriental Bank of Commerce Ltd was up 0.4 per cent.
Government decided late Monday to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Snapdeal to Get Record $627 Million Investment From SoftBankYou are here: Home Corporates
Snapdeal to Get Record $627 Million Investment From SoftBank
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 10:15 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Tokyo: Japanese telecom and media group SoftBank Corp has agreed to buy a $627 million (Rs. 3,825 crore, $1 = Rs. 61) stake in Indian online retailer Snapdeal, seeking to tap into potentially huge e-commerce growth in the market with the world's third-biggest Internet user base.
Highlighting India as a new priority in its aggressive expansion, SoftBank said on Tuesday it's also leading a $210 million round of investment in an Indian logistics business in a separate deal. The cash-rich Japanese company made waves with its plans to grow outside its home base last year when it bought No. 3 US mobile carrier Sprint Corp for $21.6 billion.
SoftBank said it will become New Delhi-based Snapdeal's biggest investor, but officials at the Japanese company declined to say immediately how big the stake in India's third-biggest online marketplace will be.
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion in July. Snapdeal has more than 25 million registered users and more than 50,000 business sellers, according to a statement by SoftBank.
The Snapdeal investment was announced alongside SoftBank Internet and Media Inc's (SIMI) lead in a $210 million investment with existing investors in Indian transportation aggregator ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd. SoftBank didn't specify how much it was investing in ANI, which operates a mobile application for cab booking.
Both deals were negotiated under newly appointed SoftBank Vice chairman and SIMI chief executive Nikesh Arora, reflecting the company's recent aggressive overseas expansion.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential," Arora, a former Google executive, said in a statement.
Mr Arora will be joining both Snapdeal and ANI's boards as part of the investment, SoftBank said.
In one of its highest profile investments since buying Sprint, SoftBank said earlier this month it was taking a minority stake in Hollywood movie studio Legendary Entertainment for $250 million.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

HUL weak post Q2: Why are analysts still positive on itOct 28, 2014, 11.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HUL weak post Q2: Why are analysts still positive on it?
Macquaire is positive on HUL's medium term growth potential but believes rich valuations will limit the upside in near term. It has a 12-month target of Rs 700 as higher sales volumes growth and improvement in demand scenario may drive the stock.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HUL weak post Q2: Why are analysts still positive on it?
Macquaire is positive on HUL's medium term growth potential but believes rich valuations will limit the upside in near term. It has a 12-month target of Rs 700 as higher sales volumes growth and improvement in demand scenario may drive the stock.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Though  HUL shares suffered a knee-jerk reaction (fell 5 percent on Monday) just after it announced its July-September quarter, analysts are not negative on it yet. The stock lost 2 percent intraday on Tuesday.
Maintaining neutral rating Credit Suisse says HUL's EBITDA margin expanded 50 basis points (bps) year-on-year despite a sharp 160 bps fall in gross margins, as advertising spend came down due to competitive intensity being benign. "The fall in gross margins was unexpected and was driven by a low base for raw material costs and higher excise duty. With softening commodity prices now only starting to kick in, we expect gross margins to start improving from Q3," it said in a note.
Credit Suisse thinks FMCG sector is in a sweet spot with an improving growth outlook, easing inputs and benign competitive intensity and hence HUL's personal care business should benefit from all these, valuations leave little room for upside.
Macquaire is positive on HUL's medium term growth potential but believes rich valuations will limit the upside in near term. It has a 12-month target of Rs 700 hoping higher sales volumes growth and improvement in demand scenario to drive the stock.
CIMB also agrees that though HUL is better positioned to capture a demand recovery versus its peers given its superior execution and premium product portfolio, there will be a better entry point given its current rich valuations.
Goldman Sachs' target price on the stock remains unchanged at Rs 604 per share."We adjust our estimates for higher operating and adverstising and promotions expenses, offset by higher other income due to high cash balances with the company. Faster-than-expected volume growth is its upside while increased competitive pressure and high input raw material inflation may pose as a potential risk.
However, CLSA recommends selling the stock as HUL’s volume growth was lacklustre and gross margins decline was much higher than its expectations. "HUL should benefit from lower input prices but earnings growth would be modest at 12 percent CAGR impacted by a higher excise duties and an increase in income tax rates," it said in a note.
The FMCG major's net profit rose 8.1 percent year-on-year to Rs 988 crore supported by exceptional gain and higher revenue growth. Total income from operations grew by 10.8 percent to Rs 7,639 crore from Rs 6,892.6 crore during the same period.
At 10:33 hrs the stock was quoting at Rs 713.95, down Rs 7.95, or 1.10 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Toronto mayoral election ends Ford eraOctober 28, 2014 4:18 am
Toronto mayoral election ends Ford era
The Associated Press
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/948631ca-5e54-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toronto mayor seeks help for drink problemMay 1, 2014 8:30 am
Toronto mayor Rob Ford seeks help for drink problem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbdf6b10-d0fa-11e3-bdbb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canada round-up on Toronto mayorNovember 19, 2013 9:35 am
Canadian papers ink shame of Rob Ford
By Lina Saigol
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c97bc330-50f0-11e3-b499-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shell seeks US Arctic drilling extensionShell seeks US Arctic lease extension after drilling delays
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af2771dc-5e5f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF urges Gulf states to restrain spendingIMF urges Gulf states to restrain spending as oil price falls
Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65712a64-5de8-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shell seeks fresh Arctic drilling permitsRoyal Dutch Shell seeks fresh Arctic drilling permits
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0f5186a-2efa-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indraprastha Gas Falls; May Not Pass on Gas Price HikeYou are here: Home Market
Indraprastha Gas Falls; May Not Pass on Gas Price Hike
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 13:21 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in auto gas distributor Indraprastha Gas fell more than 3 per cent to its lowest level since early September on Tuesday.
Traders worry company might not pass higher gas prices on to consumers to keep it competitive versus diesel.
India on October18 lifted diesel price controls and raised the cost of natural gas by a third to $5.61 per mmBtu.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gross incompetence at the State Department (UPDATED)By David Bernstein October 27
Someone left State Department spokesman Jen Psaki grossly unprepared for a press briefing today (or at least I hope this reflects lack of preparation), and she wound up disagreeing with the notion that a teenage Palestinian Hamas supporter with American citizenship throwing molotov cocktails at cars on an Israeli highway was “essentially a terrorist” whom the State Department was a bit too quick too mourn. Of course there were ways she could have finessed this, for example by pointing out that a fourteen-year old’s death is tragic under any circumstances, and the government was simply acknowledging that fact, not in any way condoning the underlying violence that led to his death. If you watch the video, you will see that Psaki didn’t come anywhere near “finesse.” [I accidentally hit "publish" for a draft version of this post that wasn't ready for prime time.  This is the version I intended to publish.]
UPDATE: A bit of additional context: Relations between the Israeli government and the Obama Administration, and the State Department in particular, never great given Obama and Netanyahu’s rather obvious mutual disdain, are currently in what many call a “crisis” .  State is mad at the Israeli government for a variety of reasons, some more legitimate than others, and the Israeli press has been filled with reports of signs of this pique.  Defense Minister Yaalon was in the U.S. last week, and State officials  leaked that he was unwelcome to meet with anyone they could influence not to meet with him , because he has not publicly apologized for harshly criticizing Secretary of State John Kerry earlier this year.  More seriously than the treatment of an individual minister, reports have surfaced that the Obma administration ordered a sudden and unannounced freeze on supplying Israel with weapons during the Gaza war,  and also stopped U.S. law enforcement in its tracks as it was trying to help Israel locate the origins of a Facebook post that could have revealed where Hamas had taken an Israeli soldier during the war (the U.S. denies the latter is true). Israelis had also previously perceived that the U.S. government seemed reluctant to aid in recovering the three kidnapped teenagers whose deaths helped precipitate the Gaza war, one of whom was an American citizen.
To show how worried Israel and its supporters have become about signals emanating from the Obama Administration, pro-Israel media was most recently filled with criticism of the U.S. consulate in East Jerusalem for sending out a memo referring to the terrorist murder for a three month old baby in Jerusalem, an American citizen,  as a “traffic incident,”  which was much more likely internal bureaucratise than an intentional slap at Israel.  In short, this is a very sensitive time in U.S.-Israeli relations, where every statement from the U.S. government is being scrutinized to see if it will cause, or reflects, a further deterioration in those relations. Which means, in turn, that one would expect the State Department spokesman to be well-prepared for exactly the sort of question Psaki received, so that the government could clarify that it both was concerned about escalating violence in Jerusalem and the death of an American-citizen teenager, but also stood with Israel against Hamas and terrorism. You really need to watch the video see how poorly she handled the question, and how ill-prepared she seemed.
 
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

President has given consent to Delhi LG s move to invite BJP to form govt: CentrePresident has given consent to Delhi LG s move to invite BJP to form govt: Centre
Ranbaxy Jumps 7% as Q2 Beats EstimatesYou are here: Home Market
Ranbaxy Jumps 7% as Q2 Beats Estimates
NDTV | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:44 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Ranbaxy shares jumped over 7 per cent to a day high of Rs 642.6 as its July- September quarter earnings beat Street estimates.
Ranbaxy which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharmaceuticals posted a net profit of Rs 478 crore compared to a loss of Rs 454 crore a year earlier.
Its sales grew 17 per cent year-on-year to Rs 3,220 crore in the reporting period compared to Rs 2,750 crore in the same quarter, previous fiscal.
Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 279 crore on sales of Rs 2,985 crore.
Ranbaxy shares ended 5.8 per cent higher at Rs 633.5 apiece outperforming the Nifty which ended with 0.45 per cent gains on Tuesday.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:44 (IST)

Global Stocks Mostly Higher as Fed Meeting AwaitedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

The great cold rush may bring prosperity  but at what priceThe great ‘cold rush’ may bring prosperity – but at what price?
Philip Stephens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02ef37e6-4966-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India 114th out of 142 nations on WEF s Gender Gap ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Japan creates cabinet post for Tokyo OlympicsUpdated: October 28, 2014 15:54 IST
Japan creates cabinet post for Tokyo Olympics
AP
AP Japan is planning to create a new Cabinet post to oversee the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. The file picture shows the celebration at the Tokyo Municipal Government office square upon IOC's selection of Tokyo as the venue of 2020 Olympics.
TOPICS
Olympics
Japan is planning to create a new Cabinet post to oversee the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The government agreed on Tuesday to introduce a legislation that would add a new minister in charge of coordinating the various ministries and agencies involved in the 2020 Summer Games. Areas of responsibility would include transportation, security and venues.
The Olympics currently fall under the responsibility of the minister of education, culture, sports, science and technology.
If the Japanese parliament approves the bill, the Cabinet would increase in size to 19 members.
The legislation also outlines a basic policy for management and preparations for the Games, and envisions a government Olympics task force that would operate through 2020.

Supreme Court rejects review plea of Nithari killer Surinder KoliSC rejects review plea of Nithari killer Koli
Bhadra Sinha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 15:41 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:19 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday cleared the decks for the hanging of Surinder Koli, convicted in the Nithari serial killings, as it rejected his petition seeking review of the judgment that upheld his death sentence.
Koli’s review petition was heard in open court in accordance with a recent SC judgment that declared all such matters should not be decided by judges in chamber. His lawyer, senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, said the court had committed an error and vital evidence was suppressed in the case.
But a bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu said: “We are fully satisfied that this court has not committed any error that may persuade us to review the order.”
Koli, 42, was found guilty of murdering young women and children at a bungalow in Noida. Jethmalani claimed Koli was tortured by the police into giving evidence and autopsy report of the bodies had revealed the murder of 14 children was done “by a medical expert” with the objective of trading in organs.
Koli was to be hanged last month in Meerut in Uttar Pradesh but his execution was suspended twice last month after SC gave its landmark ruling that every death row convict had the fundamental right to be heard in an open court.
Koli worked at the home of Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also charged with murder in the case but was later acquitted. Pandher was released from jail a month ago.
Koli was sentenced to hang for murdering 14-year-old Rimpa Halder in 2005. He has already been convicted of five cases of murder, rape and cannibalism while 14 more cases are still pending.
During his confessional statement before a metropolitan magistrate in 2007, Koli admitted to killing minors and women during 2005-2006 and dismembering body parts.

Why Wall Street is noticing what Hillary has...You are here: Home > Collections
Why Wall Street is noticing what Hillary Clinton has to say
New York Times Oct 28, 2014, 04.02PM IST
Tags:
By: Andrew Ross Sorkin
"Hillary said what?"
That was the question whispered among some of Wall Street's most prominent Democratic supporters over the weekend after Hillary Rodham Clinton spoke on the campaign trail for Martha Coakley, the Democratic candidate for governor of Massachusetts.
"Don't let anybody tell you that it's corporations and businesses that create jobs," Clinton said Friday in Boston. "You know that old theory, trickle-down economics. That has been tried, that has failed. It has failed rather spectacularly. One of the things my husband says when people say, 'What did you bring to Washington?' He says, 'I brought arithmetic.'"
It was the first part of the quotation that some on Wall Street focused on, comparing it to a phrase uttered by President Barack Obama in 2012 - "If you've got a business, you didn't build that" - that, similarly stripped of its context, provided Republicans with fodder to rally their base.
Clinton, whose remarks were made at a rally where Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts appeared as well, also declared, "I love watching Elizabeth give it to those who deserve to get it."
Clinton didn't explicitly say who deserved to get it, but she appeared to be directing her ire at Warren's favorite target, Wall Street banks. Within the world of finance, Clinton has long been seen as a friend of Wall Street - or at least not an enemy. She has rarely engaged in the kind of vitriol that has made Warren a hero of the progressive left. She has accepted $200,000 fees for speeches to firms like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase; in some cases she has praised and defended them.
Warren has criticized Clinton in the past for being too cozy with Wall Street.
So Clinton's harsh words about the business world had tongues wagging, especially among some of her supporters who seemed nervous that someone perceived as a friend might be moving away from them.
Some on Wall Street had already noticed that Clinton, while campaigning for Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota last week, had singled out the financial industry.
"Al has pushed for more and better oversight of the big banks and risky financial activity, and there's more work for him to do," she said. "There's a lot of unfinished business to make sure we don't end up once again with big banks taking big risks and leaving taxpayers holding the bag."
The main question was whether Clinton's words were more about political maneuvering than reshaping her beliefs.
One senior banker, who has long supported Clinton, said: "The reality is that she might have to tack left a little for the party. What I don't know is whether she will stay there or double back."
Another banker said of her comment: "I doubt she meant that."
Ari Fleischer, a press secretary for President George W. Bush, took to Twitter: "Sometimes you have to wonder if Hillary really believes in anything, except appealing to whatever is current. Iraq war? Yes. Business? No."
While Clinton has yet to declare that she is running for president in 2016, she is widely seen as the presumptive Democratic nominee, and an army of Wall Street bankers has been angling for roles in her campaign in hopes of clinching spots in her administration. (Another set of bankers is cozying up to Jeb Bush in hopes that he runs on the Republican ticket.)
A series of right-leaning blogs trumpeted Clinton's comments over the weekend, seemingly as a way of highlighting the inconsistency in some of her positions.
 
What Clinton's supporters within the business world want to know is whether she plans to govern the way her husband did as a moderate, center-left president or whether she will be pressed to take more so-called progressive stances - code for anti-business within the business world - as the Democratic Party, in the wake of the financial crisis, appears to have shifted leftward since Bill Clinton left office.
Bill Clinton, whose Clinton Global Initiative and other ties to business have made him appear friendlier to the financial world, found himself offending some of the Democratic base when he appeared to sympathize with corporations seeking to reincorporate overseas to lower their tax rates in so-called inversion deals.
"Like it or not, this inversion, this is their money," he said.
On Monday, Hillary Clinton seemed to backpedal on her earlier comment, perhaps after some of her Wall Street supporters had telephoned.
"I shorthanded this point the other day, so let me be absolutely clear about what I've been saying for a couple of decades," she said.
"Our economy grows when businesses and entrepreneurs create good-paying jobs here in an America where workers and families are empowered to build from the bottom up and the middle out - not when we hand out tax breaks for corporations that outsource jobs or stash their profits overseas," she said.
Still, whatever position Clinton takes on Wall Street, she will most likely face a continuing struggle to win over the most progressive members of her party: "The neo-liberal capture of the Democratic Party narrowed the range of policy alternatives available to American voters, and what excites voters about Warren is that she represents a break from that sordid history," Luke Brinker, deputy politics editor at Salon, wrote.
"And Clinton's inextricable link with that history - not some clumsy campaign stump gaffe - is the real problem," he added.
That view takes for granted that it is not a good idea for a Democrat to be a friend of Wall Street. But certainly there is a place for a president at the crossroads of Wall Street and Main Street.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Nilofar to hit Gujarat coast on November 1Updated: October 28, 2014 23:39 IST
‘Weak’ Nilofar to hit Gujarat on Saturday
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Courtesy: IMD This image provided by Kalpana 1 satellite shows cyclone Nilofar moving slowly northwestwards in past 06 hours and lay centering at 1130 hours IST of October 28, 2014 near latitude 15.90 N and longitude 61.60 E, about 1110 km southwest of Naliya (Gujarat), 1150 km south-southwest of Karachi (Pakistan) and 810 km east-southeast of Salalah (Oman).
TOPICS
cyclones
Cyclone Nilofar is set to make landfall at Naliya village in Kutch district, along the Gujarat coast, on Saturday, a day later than expected, says a revised weather forecast on Tuesday. The landfall was earlier forecast on Friday morning.
“At the moment, it is a very severe cyclonic storm, but by the time it makes landfall at Naliya, it is set to weaken into a cyclonic storm with wind speed of 80-90 kmph. The maximum speed can go up to 100 kmph,” Manorama Mohanty, Director, Ahmedabad Meteorological Centre, told The Hindu.
The cyclone is now 1,110 kilometres from Naliya. Heavy rain will begin in Gujarat on Friday night and the sea is expected to be rough, the India Meteorological Department bulletin said. The State government is conducting daily review meetings on preparedness. On Tuesday, the authorities conducted a videoconference with the Collectors of the coastal districts and charted out emergency plans.

Gold  Silver Recover on Buying at Lower LevelsYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold, Silver Recover on Buying at Lower Levels
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:40 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
New Delhi: Snapping its three-day losing streak, gold prices recovered by Rs 40 to Rs 27,490 per 10 grams in the national capital today on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers at existing lower levels amid a firm global trend.
Silver followed suit and gained Rs 50 to Rs 38,250 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units.
Traders said emergence of buying at prevailing lower levels by jewellers and retailers mainly supported the upside in prices of precious metals.
Besides, a firming global trend where gold recovered from a two-week low as investors weighed increased physical demand ahead of the US Federal Reserve policy meet at which they are expected to end a bond-buying programme, boosted the sentiment, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, rose by 0.5 per cent to $1,232.40 an ounce and silver by 0.4 per cent to $17.21 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity went up by Rs 40 each to Rs 27,490 and Rs 27,290 per 10 grams, respectively, while sovereign held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight grams. It had lost Rs 475 in the past three sessions.
Silver ready rose by Rs 50 to Rs 38,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 170 to Rs 38,190 per kg.
Silver coins, however, held steady at Rs 66,000 for buying and Rs 67,000 for selling of 100 pieces
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:39 (IST)

FII stake in SKS reaches record 44.72% high in Jul-Sep qtrOct 28, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FII stake in SKS reaches record 44.72% high in Jul-Sep qtr
Continuing with the bullish stance on SKS Microfinance, foreign investors have hiked their stake in it to all-time high of 44.72 percent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in the company's share price.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FII stake in SKS reaches record 44.72% high in Jul-Sep qtr
Continuing with the bullish stance on SKS Microfinance, foreign investors have hiked their stake in it to all-time high of 44.72 percent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in the company's share price.
Post your opinion here
 
Continuing with the bullish stance on SKS Microfinance , foreign investors have hiked their stake in it to all-time high of 44.72 percent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in the company's share price.
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), which held 36.90 percent stake in SKS at the end of September 30 last year, raised their stake to 44.72 percent during the July-September quarter of 2014-15, as per the latest information available with the stock exchanges.
This marks the fourth quarterly increase in FII holding in SKS Microfinance, India's only listed player in the sector. 
FIIs have been raising their exposure in the Hyderabad-based firm since June last year.
They had 35.83 percent stake in the micro finance firm at the end of June 30, 2013. Their
holding stood at a record low of 8.33 per cent during the June quarter of 2012.
In comparison, overseas investors had 44.61 percent stake in the microfinance firm in the June quarter this year.
In terms of numbers, the FII count jumped to 91 at the end of September quarter this year from 75 in the preceding three-month period.
There was over 8 percent surge in SKS share price between July and September, while the BSE benchmark index Sensex moved up around 4.78 percent during the period.
SKS stock was trading at Rs 316 per share on the BSE today. The company's scrip had touched its 52-week high of Rs 348.35 last month.
However, the stock had taken a major beating since its listing in August 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,000 per share. 
There had been a major policy clampdown on micro finance institutions following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by them.
The company had debuted on the bourses after sale of shares in Initial Public Offer at a price of Rs 985 apiece. 
Analysts believe that company's good performance on financial front and strong loan portfolio has helped FIIs to rush towards it.
During the quarter, SKS's net profit jumped to Rs 56.8 crore from Rs 16.3 crore in the year-ago period. Besides, the company's revenues rose to Rs 190.11 crore from Rs 129.95 crore during the three months ended September 30, 2013.
SKS Microfin stock price
On December 05, 2014, SKS Microfinance closed at Rs 362.20, down Rs 6.7, or 1.82 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 377.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 163.70.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 29.52. The latest book value of the company is Rs 37.84 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 9.57.
RELATED NEWS

Battle of the taxi apps heats up in Southeast AsiaOct 28, 2014, 03.29 PM IST
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Post your opinion here
The page you are seeking has expired and is no longer available on Moneycontrol.com
ADS BY GOOGLE

Govt likely to make linking SIMs- Aadhaar a ...You are here: Home > Collections
Government likely to make seeding of mobile SIMs with Aadhaar a must
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 04.17AM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(However, recently the ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Government is likely to make it mandatory to link mobile SIM connections with Aadhhar number to weed out ghost users and curb the misuse of mobile phones for any terrorist act, extortion or other offences.
"Government has planned to make it compulsory seeding of mobile SIM cards with Aadhaar to keep a tab on use of mobile phone connection for anti-social act including terrorism and extortion," a source said.
In a recent review of the Aadhaar project, government top brass felt it is appropriate to make the seeding of Aadhaar compulsory for new as well as old mobile phone connection, the sources added.
Earlier, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the use of Aadhaar number as a single source of identity verification.
However, recently the ministry has supported Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate "anytime, anywhere, anyhow" authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one's identity.
Besides, Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
According to the source, the government may go slow on linking SIM cards with Aadhaar numbers as the entire population of the country does not have the unique identification number.
Earlier during the UPA regime, the government's plan to make Aadhaar linked bank account mandatory for getting cooking gas subsidy hit a road block. The implementation of the project was suspended after the apex court's interim order.
The Supreme Court had observed that the government cannot deny any benefit to citizen simply because somebody does not have Aadhaar.
As per experts, the Court's view was appropriate at that time as coverage under the Aadhaar project was low.
At present, the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) has issued Aadhaar numbers to over 70 crore residents in the country. It has been mandated to generate Aadhaar numbers of 100 crore residents by December.
Government has set the deadline of June next year for covering the entire population under the Aadhaar project.
Experts feel that once the entire population is covered under the project, it would not be difficult for government to use Aadhaar database for rolling out various social welfare scheme and making country's internal security apparatus more robust.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BP Profits Hit by Drop in Oil PricesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Yahoo s Mayer trying to poach top Amazon sales execMarissa Mayer Trying to Poach Top Amazon Sales Exec to Help Turn Around the Turnaround at Yahoo
October 27, 2014, 9:07 PM PDT
By Kara Swisher
Click to email this to a friend
Last week, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer bought herself some time with increasingly disgruntled investors by turning in a better than expected performance for the third quarter, with a small uptick in revenue rather than an expected decline. While still full of signs that Yahoo’s core business was still struggling, the results were good enough that Wall Street bid up the stock anyway.
But she has also been aggressively looking for some high-level help to turn around the turnaround that has not yet yielded the kinds of results that Mayer has promised. And among those she has been trying to entice, according to sources close to the situation, is Amazon’s head of global advertising sales Lisa Utzschneider . The well-regarded exec has been at the e-commerce giant for six years and, previous to that, she worked for a decade at Microsoft.
It’s not clear what job Utzschneider is being considered for, the one currently occupied by Americas head Ned Brody, or an even more significant one, such as COO. Of course, the person last in that position — former Google exec Henrique De Castro — was fired by Mayer and given a big payoff that was controversial given his inability to turn around Yahoo’s ever-declining ad business.
Brody’s status has been in question in the marketing industry for some time, with sources inside Yahoo describing his relationship with Mayer as tense. While Brody has denied this to some, the number of people inside the company who have told me about the increasing deterioration of his and Mayer’s rapport has been growing.
The Utzschneider hiring is an interesting move for Mayer, who has talked to a number of top ad sales execs recently, said numerous sources, to get them to come to Yahoo. Sources said she seems to have focused most intently on Utzschneider — who has a strong reputation in the ad market, but who is not one of the more high-profile execs in the space, such as Facebook’s Carolyn Everson or Twitter’s Adam Bain.
Still, her hire would be a coup for Mayer, who needs more help in figuring out how to goose and morph Yahoo’s display ad business. To do so, she has shifted the company’s focus to mobile and video ads, where Utzschneider has some experience. Reports have put Amazon’s ad business at $1 billion, with credit to Utzschneider.
More to come, obvi. I pinged both Yahoo and Utzschneider for comment and expect no reply.
[Update: More sources confirm that Utzschneider is likely to take the Yahoo job, which could be announced as early as this week.]
But here is an interview that Utzschneider did with AdAge during Advertising Week in New York earlier this month:

Mahindra reveals Thar CRDe AdventureEditionThe Mahindra Thar CRDe Adventure Edition will be available in a single paint shade of 'Java Brown'.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:50 pm
Mahindra has given a fresh breeze of newness to it’s capable SUV Thar, by launching a limited edition variant of the Thar CRDE. The special edition variant, which is named as Thar CRDE Adventure Edition, has been revealed on the official facebook page of Mahindra Thar. This new variant will be produced in a limited run of only 30 units to commemorate the ongoing festive season. Adding to the factor of exclusivity is the fact that the SUV will be available in select dealerships only.
The Mahindra Thar CRDe Adventure Edition will be available in a single paint shade of ‘Java Brown’. The other accessories with which this variant is adorned with are body graphics, headlamp and tail lamp protectors, chaff screen in front of the grille, front bull bar and wheel-arch extensions housing the turn indicators. The interiors of the SUV are also spruced up as it gets new black seat covers with contrast orange stitching, redesigned center console with harness points and moulded floor mats, which intend to make the vehicle adapt to the conditions of camping and off-roading with ease.
Mechanically though, the Thar CRDe Adventure Edition is powered by the same 2.5 liter diesel engine which is available in the regular Thar CRDe. The oil burner is good enough to churn out 105PS of power and 247Nm of torque, and is coupled up with a 5-speed manual transmission. The sheer off-road ability of the SUV is proved by the presence of Borg Warner four-wheel drive transfer system and 200mm ground clearance, assisted by sharp approach and departure angles. On the price front, though Mahindra hasn’t revealed the actual price of this limited edition variant, it is speculated to carry a premium of Rs.30,000 to 40,000 more than the Thar CRDe, which currently retails for Rs. 7.37 lakh.

Black money probe: Who is PradipBurmanPrint
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:48 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:51 pm
Pradip Burman, who belongs to the family that owns Dabur India Ltd (valued at over Rs 36,700 crore as on Monday), has two entries in the HSBC Geneva list — of $ 40,000 and $ 3,28,000 — roughly adding to Rs 14 crore, for the financial years 2005-06 and 2006-07.
Investigations into Burman’s accounts started in July 2011. After initially not acknowledging he had an account, Burman in 2012 offered to pay tax to “buy peace” in view of his old age, and of the goodwill that Dabur and his family had. He paid Rs 7.17 crore, including penalties.
Burman opened this account in 1999, when he was in Dubai. Income-Tax documents accessed by The Indian Express show the authorities have set two parameters for initiating prosecution: non-furnishing of account details, and wilful attempt to evade tax. Considering Burman is in his 70s, the I-T department sought the opinion of its lawyers, who, however, opined that since Burman was not a senior citizen at the time of the alleged offence, his case was fit for prosecution.
A mechanical engineer from MIT, Burman joined the family business in 1967 and, in 1981, became managing director of Vidogum and Chemicals. In 1995, he became a director at Dabur India and served as executive director from 2007 to 2012. He is currently founder-chairman of Sundesh, a non-profit organisation that works on educating rural women.
A Dabur spokesperson said on Monday, “We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account… We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income-Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable.”

SC directs Centre to disclose names of all Indian account holders in foreign banksYou are here: Home > Collections
Black money: SC directs Centre to place before it names of all Indian account holders in foreign banks
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.06PM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(FM Arun Jaitley had made…)
NEW DELHI: Rejecting the Centre's stand, the Supreme Court today ordered Centre to disclose all the names of blackmoney holders abroad to it by tomorrow in a sealed envelope and slammed it for reluctance on the issue.
The apex court had some strong words for the new government for seeking modification of its earlier order on disclosure of all names saying this was accepted by the then UPA government.
"Why are you trying to protect people having bank accounts in foreign countries. Why are you providing a protective umbrella for all these people.
"The order was passed in open court in the presence of Solicitor General and the new regime can't ask modification of order. We cannot touch our order and we won't change even a word of it," a visibly annoyed Chief Justice H L Dattu, who was heading the bench, said.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi's fervent plea that it can disclose names only after conducting probes on illegality of bank accounts was outright rejected by the Bench which asked the government not to do anything but provide all information to it and the court would direct investigation to be done by SIT or any other agencies including CBI.
At the end of a 30-minute hearing, Attorney General said the government has received 500 names of account holders from different countries like Germany.
The CJI asked the Centre not to indulge in any kind of probe by itself and said that investigation would never complete in his lifetime if it is done by the government.
"You do not do anything. Just pass information of account holders to us and we will pass order for further probe," the bench, also comprising justices Ranjana Prakash Desai and Madan B Lokur, said.
"We can't leave the issue of bringing back black money to government. It will never happen during our time," it said adding "Why are you providing protective umbrella to foreign bank account holders?".
The bench brushed aside the contentions of AG that disclosing account holders' names would violate their right to privacy of those who have legitimate accounts and the names can be revealed only after a prima facie case of tax evasion is made out.
"You do not have to take interest in people (having foreign bank accounts). SIT will take care of it," the bench said setting a deadline for tomorrow to place all those names.
The court directed the Centre not to give "one, two, or three names of account holders but the entire list supplied to it by the foreign countries".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devendra Fadnavis new CM of Maharashtra | RSS roots & Modi s backing make him a winnerYou are here: Home > Collections
BJP legislators elect Devendra Fadnavis as new CM of Maharashtra
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 04.49PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Fadnavis had emerged…)
MUMBAI: Devendra Fadnavis was today elected the leader of the BJP Legislature Party in Maharashtra, paving the way for his appointment as the first party Chief Minister of the state.
The name of Fadnavis, state BJP president, was proposed by Leader of Opposition in the outgoing Assembly Eknath Khadse and seconded by his counterpart in the Legislative Council Vinod Tawde, and members of the party's core group Sudhir Mungantiwar and Pankaja Munde.
The resolution proposing 44-year-old Fadnavis as the leader of the Legislature Party was unanimously approved by the newly elected MLAs in the presence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda, who were appointed central observers for the elction.
Fadnavis, accompanied by other members of state BJP Core Committee, will call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao at Raj Bhavan at 6.30 pm to formally stake claim to form his government.
The new government will be sworn in at a ceremony at Wankhede Stadium on October 31 in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several of his Cabinet colleagues and Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states.
Though Fadnavis, with his RSS roots and backing of both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah, was a clear frontrunner for the coveted post ever since BJP emerged as the single largest party in the state for the first time, several seniors had thrown their hat into the ring.
However, the BJP national leadership ensured that all came on board to back the fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, who has a clean public image.
Khadse, party's powerful leader in North Maharashtra, who had demanded that somebody from the region be made CM, Mungantiwar, who had pitched for Union Minister and former BJP president Nitin Gadkari for the post, and Pankaja Munde, daughter of influential OBC leader late Gopinath Munde, all proposed or seconded name of Fadnavis for the top job.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is only the second Brahmin after BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi to become Chief Minister.
Fadnavis, whom Modi had described as "Nagpur's gift to the country" at an election rally, had headed BJP in the state when it posted most impressive performances in both Lok Sabha and Assembly polls.
Together with Shiv Sena and Swabhimani Shetkari Paksha, the saffron alliance had won 42 of the state's 48 Lok Sabha seats. BJP had clinched 23 seats, while Sena won 18.
Despite its bitter separation from Sena just ahead of the Assembly election, BJP won 122 seats in the 288-member House, up from 46 in 2009, and emerged as the largest party. Fadnavis earned the appreciation of both Modi and Shah for the way he handled the election. More PTI VT SK VMN 10281716 NNNN
rajesh: pls replace Fadnavis elected BJP LP leader, to stake claim to form govt
Mumbai, Oct 28 (PTI) Devendra Fadnavis was today elected the leader of the BJP Legislature Party in Maharashtra, paving the way for his appointment as the first party Chief Minister of the state.
The name of Fadnavis, state BJP president, was proposed by Leader of Opposition in the outgoing Assembly Eknath Khadse and seconded by his counterpart in the Legislative Council Vinod Tawde, and members of the party's core group Sudhir Mungantiwar and Pankaja Munde.
The resolution proposing 44-year-old Fadnavis as the leader of the Legislature Party was unanimously approved by the newly elected MLAs in the presence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda, who were appointed central observers for the elction.
Fadnavis, accompanied by other members of state BJP Core Committee, will call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao at Raj Bhavan at 6.30 pm to formally stake claim to form his government.
The new government will be sworn in at a ceremony at Wankhede Stadium on October 31 in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several of his Cabinet colleagues and Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states.
Though Fadnavis, with his RSS roots and backing of both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah, was a clear frontrunner for the coveted post ever since BJP emerged as the single largest party in the state for the first time, several seniors had thrown their hat into the ring.
However, the BJP national leadership ensured that all came on board to back the fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, who has a clean public image.
 
Khadse, party's powerful leader in North Maharashtra, who had demanded that somebody from the region be made CM, Mungantiwar, who had pitched for Union Minister and former BJP president Nitin Gadkari for the post, and Pankaja Munde, daughter of influential OBC leader late Gopinath Munde, all proposed or seconded name of Fadnavis for the top job.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is only the second Brahmin after BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi to become Chief Minister.

China opposed to exploration in South China SeaChina opposed to exploration that violates sovereignty in South China Sea
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
China
(China today warned that…)
BEIJING: China today warned that it will firmly oppose any exploration activity in South China Sea if it undermines its "sovereignty and interests", hours after India inked a pact with Vietnam for exploration in two additional oil and gas blocks in the the resource-rich area.
"As for the likely exploration of South China Sea oil fields between Vietnam and India, I want to say that China's position is consistent and clear," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.
Hong was reacting to reports of India accepting Vietnam's offer of additional blocks for oil exploration during the current visit by Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung to New Delhi.
"China has indisputable sovereignty over the Nansha islands. Any lawful and justifiable oil exploration activity in the South China Sea is fine by us. But if such activity undermines sovereignty and interests of China we are firmly opposed to this," he said.
"Currently South China maintains tranquillity in general. I wish all countries do more things that are conducive to the peace and stability of the South China Sea," Hong said.
China refers to Spartly islands which is comprised of more than 750 reefs, islets and atolls as Nansha islands.
China's claims of sovereignty to almost all of the South China Sea put it on collision course with Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
The ONGC has explored some wells in the past but did not find significant oil deposits.
China had struck a similar posture when Vietnam offered new wells to India during President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Hanoi in September.
Mukherjee dismissed Chinese objections saying that the ONGC is exploring in the South China Sea from 1988.
"This is just a commercial action. There shouldn't be any political angularity to be looked into it," he had said.
The oil exploration in the South China Sea is a sensitive issue as China's efforts to explore oil in May this year resulted in massive showdown between China and Vietnam with their ships colliding with each other for days.
Some Chinese were killed and over a hundred injured in anti-China riots in Vietnam. After that, the two sides are now trying to rebuild their relations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SRF: Outcome of board meetingOct 28, 2014, 04.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SRF: Outcome of board meeting
SRF has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has appointed Dr. Meenakshi Gopinath as an Additional Director with effect from October 28, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SRF: Outcome of board meeting
SRF has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has appointed Dr. Meenakshi Gopinath as an Additional Director with effect from October 28, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
SRF Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has appointed Dr. Meenakshi Gopinath as an Additional Director with effect from October 28, 2014.Source : BSE

ONGC divestment likely in November-end: SourcesOct 28, 2014, 04.50 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
ONGC divestment likely in November-end: Sources
The government is also likely to provide clarity on the subsidy sharing mechanism prior to the roadshows.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC divestment likely in November-end: Sources
The government is also likely to provide clarity on the subsidy sharing mechanism prior to the roadshows.
Post your opinion here

Dissing Uncle Sam: Many Expats Would Dump Citizenshipdissing uncle sam: many expats would dump citizenship
Who benefits from cheap oilwho benefits from cheap oil
Sweden s crown slides as Riksbank cut rates to zeroDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Ranbaxy shares up over 6% on smart earningsRanbaxy shares up over 6% on smart earnings
Where Do You Stand In Race Of Black MoneyWhere Do You Stand In Race Of Black Money
Trade Union to increase membership to 10 lakhs in five yrsTrade Union to increase membership to 10 lakhs in five yrs
Softbank will be significant shareholder of Snapdeal: BahlSoftbank will be significant shareholder of Snapdeal: Bahl
Reuters Summit - Hong Kong-China stock link-up undermined by tax issueReuters Summit - Hong Kong-China stock link-up undermined by tax issue
Ola! Japan s SoftBank stikes some  snap deals  in India (Roundup)Ola! Japan s SoftBank stikes some  snap deals  in India (Roundup)
Global crude oil price of Indian Basket was US$ 84.49 per bbl on 27.10.2014Global crude oil price of Indian Basket was US$ 84.49 per bbl on 27.10.2014
Mackinnon Mackenzie & Company: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 28, 2014, 05.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mackinnon Mackenzie & Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Mackinnon Mackenzie & Company has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 63rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mackinnon Mackenzie & Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Mackinnon Mackenzie & Company has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 63rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Mackinnon Mackenzie & Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 63rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

GS Auto International: Board meeting on Nov 03  2014Oct 28, 2014, 05.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GS Auto International: Board meeting on Nov 03, 2014
GS Auto International has informed that the Company will consider evaluating a new business/venture opportunity related to and in continuation to the existing auto component business in its meeting of Board of Directors scheduled to be held on November 03, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GS Auto International: Board meeting on Nov 03, 2014
GS Auto International has informed that the Company will consider evaluating a new business/venture opportunity related to and in continuation to the existing auto component business in its meeting of Board of Directors scheduled to be held on November 03, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
GS Auto International Ltd has informed BSE that the Company will consider evaluating a new business/venture opportunity related to and in continuation to the existing auto component business in its meeting of Board of Directors scheduled to be held on November 03, 2014.Source : BSE

IRB Infrastructure Developers: Q2 results on Nov 05  2014Oct 28, 2014, 05.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IRB Infrastructure Developers: Q2 results on Nov 05, 2014
IRB Infrastructure Developers has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2014, to consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IRB Infrastructure Developers: Q2 results on Nov 05, 2014
IRB Infrastructure Developers has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2014, to consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Further, the Company confirm that as per the Company's internal Code for Prevention of Insider Trading, the trading window for dealing in the securities of the Company is closed from October 20, 2014 till 24 hours after the announcement of financial results to the public.Source : BSE

Bank employees to go on strike on Nov 12Bank employees to go on strike on Nov 12
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 28:  
The United Forum of Bank Unions on Wednesday said that it has called for an All India Bank Strike on November 12 demanding wage revision and regulated working hours.
According to UFBU, the wage revision is due from November 2012.
This apart, to press their demands, the UFBU will go on a zonal relay strike.
The relay strike will begin December 2 onwards from the southern zone.
On December 3, it will be in the northern zone; followed by December 4 in the eastern zone and on December 5 in the western zone.
United Forum of Bank Unions represents five workmen unions and four officers’ association.
According to Association officials, Indian Banks’ Association offered only a 11.5 per cent increase in hike compared to 17.5 per cent offered in 2011-12.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Calamity-proof IT facility mooted in VizagCalamity-proof IT facility mooted in Vizag
Our Bureau
Visakhapatnam, Oct. 28:  
The IT units here are back to normal after the cyclone devastation a fortnight ago.
There are some problems like assured bandwidth connectivity and stable power supply to some units, but this has not stopped many from resuming operations, representatives from nearly all IT and ITeS units in the city said at an interactive session organised by the APIIC here on Tuesday.
APIIC Chairman P Krishnaiah, IT Advisor to State Government J Satyanarayana, Development Commissioner, VSEZ S Kishore and Joint Director STPI MP Dubey participated in the meet.
IT Advisor Satyanarayana said he would suggest to the State Government to establish a calamity-proof facility which would help ensure business continuity for IT companies. APIIC Chairman promised to take up the issue of stable bandwidth with the Internet service providers and get it addressed.
Responding to suggestions from the industry representatives, Satyanarayana said that he would try and organise events for IT sector of global interest in the city to get more IT companies to visit and invest here. The APIIC Chairman said that he would push forward the proposal for underground power cables.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Zensar Foundation launches digital literacy centre in PuneZensar Foundation launches digital literacy centre in Pune
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct. 28:  
Zensar Foundation, the philanthropic arm of IT firm Zensar, today announced the launch of a National Digital Literacy Mission (NDLM) Centre in Pune in partnership with the Pune Municipal Corporation and Nasscom Foundation.
“This initiative reinforces our support to the Prime Minister’s mission of a digitally literate India, which is aimed at empowering at least one person per household with digital literacy by 2020,” Zensar Technologies CEO and Vice Chairman and Nasscom Foundation Chairman Ganesh Natarajan said.
NASSCOM Foundation has pledged support to the NDLM and is working closely with the Department of Electronics & IT (DeitY) to train an initial pool of one million digitally literate Indians.
Zensar Foundation’s first NDLM centre opened in Hyderabad in August 2014.
The NDLM envisions empowerment of at least one person per household with digital literacy skills by 2020.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

IL&FS Engineering bags Rs 180 cr port orderIL&FS Engineering bags Rs 180 cr port order
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company Limited has received a Letter of Award (LOA) from IL&FS Maritime Infrastructure Company Limited (IMICL) on behalf of Dighi Port Limited for a total value of Rs 179.84 crore for Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) contract.
This entails development of multipurpose berth, backup yard development and utilities of multipurpose Terminal Berth 5 on North Side of Dighi Port, Agardanda in the state of Maharashtra.
The project is expected to be completed in 545 days from the date of Notice to Proceed (NTP). According to a statement, the scope of works includes design and construction of multipurpose berth, reclamation of 50 acres of backup area, and other works like paved area, buildings and internal roads.
The Hyderabad-based infrastructure developer IL&FS Engineering Services is presently executing the EPC contract of Berth 4 of Multipurpose Cargo Terminal works on North Side of Dighi Port.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Atul Jasra to head AOC Indias tablet and smartphone bizAtul Jasra to head AOC India’s tablet and smartphone biz
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 28:  
Electronics major AOC today said it has appointed Atul Jasra as Business Head for its tablets and smartphones business in India and other SAARC countries.
Jasra will be responsible for establishing the tablet and smartphone business vertical for AOC, it said in a statement.
Prior to AOC, he was instrumental in launching and establishing HCL ME tablets in India. He has also been part of launches in India like Casio Watches and Digital Cameras and INQ Mobiles.
In the past, Atul headed the distribution business of Sony Ericsson Mobile Phone for more than 4 years.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Maha BJP elects Devendra Fadnavis legislature party chief  all set to be new CME-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alternative stress test hits French banksAlternative stress tests find French banks are weakest in Europe
Tom Braithwaite
Measure based on market capitalisation says they are most risky
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fad2c772-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BG hit by uncharacteristic profit dropBG Group reports 29 per cent fall in underlying earnings
Mark Odell and Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e152b3a4-5e7f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hiring outlook for next 6 months improves; 88% ready to hireNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 16:13 IST
Hiring outlook for next 6 months improves; 88% ready to hire
PTI
Reuters Hindupur, Visakhapatnam, Hubli, Thiruvananthapuram, Belgaum, Aurangabad, Kota, Ajmer and Meerut are some of the new catchment areas which recruiters have identified to hire. File photo
TOPICS
employer
The next six months are likely to favour job aspirants as 88 per cent of employers are willing to increase their staff strength on account of improved economic conditions, a report says.
According to the TeamLease Employment Outlook Survey for the next six months (October 2014 — March 2015), global macroeconomic trends and domestic demand have put business and employment sentiment on a fast paced upward trajectory.
Around 91 per cent of the survey respondents said business outlook, for the coming half year, has improved, while 88 per cent said employment outlook has increased.
Accordingly, job growth is expected to follow suit at a stupendous 12.8 per cent, the report said.
Further, the optimism in the employment outlook seems to be not just confined to the metros but tier 2 towns as well.
Hindupur, Visakhapatnam, Hubli, Thiruvananthapuram, Belgaum, Aurangabad, Kota, Ajmer and Meerut are some of the new catchment areas which recruiters have identified to hire from over the next half year, the report said.
“There is an overall buoyant mood owing to the right noises the government is making as well as the festive season,” TeamLease Services Senior Vice President Kunal Sen said.
Mr. Sen further said: “We are seeing increased hiring mandates. After year-long fluctuations, the overall business and hiring sentiment seems to have stabilised and is seen moving towards growth. We are confident the trend will translate into action on ground.”
From a sector perspective, with almost all the sectors indicating a positive swing in the business sentiment, the business atmosphere in the upcoming half year is expected to be exuberant across industries.
While IT, Healthcare & Pharma and Retail seems to be the primary drivers, Telecom, FMCD, FMCG and Financial Services also contribute to the upward movement in the hiring sentiment, the report said.
The report further said the biggest gainer in the coming half year (October 2014 to March 2015) will be the junior and senior level profiles. Moreover, employers are increasingly stressing on hiring superior technological expertise as well as better skilled employees.
Some of the profiles that are in demand in the coming half year are product /project management, new social media management, big data and predictive analytics, the report said.

Apple Inc s Pay blocked by retailers  Tim Cook fires backE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Two held for rape of 76-year old woman in NagalandPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:37 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:38 pm
A 76-year-old woman was allegedly raped by two men in Jotsoma, a village on the outskirts of Kohima, the Nagaland capital. The police arrested the culprits after they were apprehended by villagers.
The woman has been admitted to hospital where she is undergoing treatment after the mandatory examinations were carried out. While the incident had occurred Saturday night, the police arrested the accused a day later. “The two culprits who had allegedly committed the crime are in our custody now. Investigations are on. The medical report is also expected soon,” Kohima SP Joseph Hesso said over the telephone Tuesday.
The incident has caused anguish in the hill state with people organising protest rallies and demanding exemplary punishment to the culprits. Another woman, apparently related to the victim, has been also picked up by the police in connection with the incident.
Hundreds of women took part in a protest march in Kohima Monday demanding speedy justice and adequate compensation to the victim. They also demanded that the two culprits should not be granted bail under any circumstances. They have been identified as Adu Nakro and Vezhohu Resuh from Pholomi, a village in the adjoining Phek district and were tenants in a house in Jotsoma.
Temsula Ao, chairperson of the Nagaland State Commission for Women, had recently said “total lack of discipline in social behaviour” coupled with “incompetence of the authorities to maintain proper surveillance of women’s security in general” had led to an alarming increase in incidents of rapes and other crimes against women in the hill state.

ONGC scripts turnaround  plans to ramp up oi...You are here: Home > Collections > Bpd
ONGC scripts turnaround, plans to ramp up oil output by 23%
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 04.16PM IST
Tags:
Dinesh K Sarraf
(Next fiscal, the production…)
NEW DELHI: After scripting a turnaround at its mainstay western offshore fields, state-run ONGC plans to ramp up oil output by 23 per cent to 28-29 million tonnes by 2019/20 as it brings newer fields into production.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), which has been under scrutiny of the Petroleum Ministry for falling output in past years, had in 2013-14 produced 22.24 million tonnes of crude oil from its fields. This year it is targeting 23.51 million tonnes.
"We are almost on track to meeting this year targets. Till September, 94 per cent of the targeted daily output was achieved," ONGC Chairman Dinesh K Sarraf told PTI here.
Next fiscal, the production is projected to rise to 24 million tonnes and will reach 28-29 million tonnes by 2019-20.
Natural gas production, which was 23.2 billion cubic metres (63.5 million cubic metres per day) in 2013-14, will touch 24 bcm this year and 90-100 bcm in 2019-20, he said.
ONGC Director (Offshore) Tapas Kumar Sengupta said the company has this year successfully reversed the flagging output at its western offshore fields as it strategically struck 'low-hanging fruits'. This included completing three sub-sea wells at the Mumbai High field and using innovative technology to produce more oil B-193 satellite and D1 or NBP fields, he said.
"In April, western offshore produced 285,642 barrels of oil per day. This month it produced 311,360 bpd, the highest in five years," he said.
While Mumbai High field and Neelam-Heera fields have been almost flat at 206,000 bpd, Bassein Satellite fields have seen output rise from 30,700 bpd to about 53,000 bpd.
"Last year, our oil production from offshore fields was 15.541 million tonnes. This year we are targeting 16.915 million tonnes," he said.
ONGC will use a floating production system to ramp up output from the Cluster-7 fields by 50 per cent to 12,000 bpd.
Also, another 10,000 bpd is expected from D1 while improved oil recovery and enhanced oil recovery drilling at Mumbai High and Heera fields will help arrest the natural decline that has set in these ageing fields. WO-16 and B-127 fields also will add 15,000 bpd of production.
"The big push will come when we start producing oil from a very significant discovery in the KG-D5 block," he said, adding that oil production will start from the discovery in 2019 and quickly reach peak of 4.5 million tonnes.
KG-DWN-98/2 (KG-D5) is predominantly a gas rich block and sits next to Reliance Industries' KG-D6 in Bay of Bengal.
"I can tell you very emphatically that the picture is not as bleak as it is being projected. We will see production increasing going forward," he said.
On gas, ONGC's C-26 cluster project off the Mumbai coast will begin giving 203 mmscmd from 2015-16 while Daman/C-Series fields in western offshore will start producing 2 mmscmd in 2016-17 and go up to 8.5 mmscmd by 2019, he said.
A substantial 20 mmscmd of gas will come from KG-D6 by 2018-19, he said, adding that discoveries in Kutch fields will give 2 mmscmd by 2021-22.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black Money probe: Who is RadhaTimbloPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 5:01 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:06 pm
Radha Satish Timblo, named in the Centre’s affidavit to the Supreme Court for allegedly stashing black money abroad, is a member of the Timblo family in Goa that operates mines and owns the 5-star Cicade de Goa resort at Vainguinim Beach.
The family’s name has earlier appeared in connection with an alleged illegality involving the transfer of a mining lease that was originally granted to Badrudin Mavani, an individual.
The Supreme Court’s central empowered committee looking into illegal mining in Goa alleged in its interim report that the ownership of the mining lease was illegally taken over by the Timblo family using a power of attorney. The concession had been granted to an individual, but had been operated as a partnership firm, in which Radha Timblo was a minority partner and Timblo Pvt Ltd held the majority.
According to election watchdog Association for Democratic Reforms, Timblo Pvt Ltd donated Rs 1.18 crore to the BJP, and Rs 65 lakh to the Congress over the seven-year period between 2004-05 and 2011-12.
As per details made available by ADR on Monday, Timblo Pvt Ltd made nine donations ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 25 lakh to the BJP, and three — of Rs 30 lakh, Rs 25 lakh and Rs 10 lakh — to the Congress during this period.
A PTI report from Panaji quoted Radha Timblo as saying she needed to study the government’s affidavit before commenting on her name being included.
“I have not seen the affidavit. I need to study it before commenting anything on it,” she told reporters in Margao town on Monday afternoon.
Pressed further, she said, “Do you have the affidavit? Can you show it to me?”

Nissan Micra  Sunny recalled for faultyairbagNissan is not the only manufacturer which is facing this airbag fiasco.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 5:00 pm
Nissan in India has issued a recall of over 9,000 units of Micra and Sunny. Recently, the Japanese automaker recalled 2,60,000 vehicles globally for the issue of faulty airbags. The announcement by its Indian operations is a part of this global recall only and will cover models of the Micra and Sunny that were manufactured and sold between 2008 to 2012 in the country.
The cause behind the recall is a faulty driver side airbag, produced by Takata Corp, which is prone to ejecting shrapnel and sharp objects towards occupants once they inflate in the event of an accident. The customers, whose Nissan cars fall under this recall, will be called upon by the manufacturer so that the faulty airbag unit can be replaced without any additional costs.
Takata Corp is a major supplier of airbags to many of the other auto manufacturers including Honda, General Motors, Mazda, Toyota, BMW etc. The company is now facing a legal challenge by the US Safety Regulators due to the issue of faulty airbags addressed in around 7.8 million vehicles with Takata airbags globally.
Nissan is not the only manufacturer which is facing this airbag fiasco. Manufacturers like Honda and Toyota have also issued recall for their affected vehicles. While Toyota has not yet announced of a recall for its cars in India, Honda has also recalled 2,388 vehicles in India for the same issue. The vehicles impacted by the recall include the CR-V, as well as airbag equipped versions of the Amaze and Brio.

Black Money probe: Who is PankajLodhiyaPrint
By: Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:56 pm
Pankaj Lodhiya, 44, the Rajkot-based bullion trader whose name figured in the Centre’s black money affidavit, has his office, Shreeji Trading Company, on Bhupendra Road in the city. The office was shut on Monday — Diwali festivities end only on Labh Pancham, which is on Tuesday.
Lodhiya expressed shock at his name appearing in the affidavit: “I am shocked to hear this. I don’t have any account in Swiss banks. Everything is in the (account) books. I will reply to queries by the prosecution. I was among those who congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he took up the campaign against black money, and I am sure that I will come out clean on this. If any account is found, I am ready to surrender whatever money is deposited to the Government of India.”
His father, Chamanlal Lodhiya, is close to local BJP leaders. According to information made public by the Association for Democratic Reforms on Monday, the BJP’s donations report for 2011-12 lists Rs 51,000 from the elder Lodhiya.
Pankaj Lodhiya, who did not complete his commerce degree, entered the bullion trading industry around 15 years ago, and is now the chief supplier of gold to Rajkot’s huge jewelley industry.
Shreeji Group has interests in diamond, gold and silver jewellery, as well as realty. It has branches in Ahmedabad, Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore. According to the group website, the company is associated with London Bullion Market Association, an international association. Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd, another group company, markets jewellery under the brand Tatva.
The I-T department had raided Lodhiya’s home around a year and a half ago, but not many details about the operation were reported.

Have no undisclosed bank a/c abroad: Radha T...You are here: Home > Collections > Dabur
Have no undisclosed bank account abroad, says Radha Timblo
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 04.41PM IST
Tags:
Anna Timblo
("My conscience is very clear.…)
PANAJI: Radha Timblo, a Goa-based miner whose name figures in the black money list submitted by the Centre in the Supreme Court , today denied having any "undisclosed" bank account in the country or abroad.
On the affidavit filed before the SC yesterday, she said the "matter in the affidavit was already settled and adjudicated."
"My conscience is very clear. We have paid all the taxes. We have no undisclosed bank accounts in India or abroad," Timblo said.
Timblo also said that though the firm has given political donations, they don't have any political affiliations.
"We have no political affiliation. Making official donations to political parties is not a crime," she said.
Names of Dabur group promoter Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based bullion dealer Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya , Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited and its five Directors -- Mrs Radha S Timblo, Chetan Timblo, Rohan Timblo, Mrs Anna Timblo and Mrs Mallika Timblo-- figured in the affidavit filed in the apex court yesterday by the government as part of its drive to unearth blackmoney abroad.
Timblo Private Limited, a mining firm, had also figured in the reports of Justice M B Shah Commission and the Centrally-Empowered Committee that probed illegal mining in Goa.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money: Disclose all names  SC to govtBlack money case: Disclose all names by Wednesday, Supreme Court tells govt
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:59 IST
Supreme Court of India
In an order with far-reaching consequences, the Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the central government to furnish it the names of all Indian foreign account holders given to it by the German, French and Swiss authorities.
The apex court bench headed by Chief Justice H.L. Dattu told Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi that the government need not do anything and just disclose the names to the court and it will decide whether the matter should be investigated by the income tax authorities or by the CBI.
As Rohatgi sought to impress upon the court that the veracity of the accounts disclosed to it is being investigated by the income tax authorities, Chief Justice Dattu said: "Why do you want to have trouble of investigating. You give it to us. We will direct the CBI or the income tax authorities to undertake investigation in a month's time."
"First give us the names, we will get them investigated. Not just one, two or three (names), give us in a sealed cover what you have got from France, German and Swiss governments."
The court asked the attorney general to furnish the names in a sealed cover by Wednesday.

China coy about exploration in South China SeaChina opposed to exploration that violates sovereignty in South China Sea
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
China
(China today warned that…)
BEIJING: China today warned that it will firmly oppose any exploration activity in South China Sea if it undermines its "sovereignty and interests", hours after India inked a pact with Vietnam for exploration in two additional oil and gas blocks in the the resource-rich area.
"As for the likely exploration of South China Sea oil fields between Vietnam and India, I want to say that China's position is consistent and clear," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.
Hong was reacting to reports of India accepting Vietnam's offer of additional blocks for oil exploration during the current visit by Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung to New Delhi.
"China has indisputable sovereignty over the Nansha islands. Any lawful and justifiable oil exploration activity in the South China Sea is fine by us. But if such activity undermines sovereignty and interests of China we are firmly opposed to this," he said.
"Currently South China maintains tranquillity in general. I wish all countries do more things that are conducive to the peace and stability of the South China Sea," Hong said.
China refers to Spartly islands which is comprised of more than 750 reefs, islets and atolls as Nansha islands.
China's claims of sovereignty to almost all of the South China Sea put it on collision course with Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
The ONGC has explored some wells in the past but did not find significant oil deposits.
China had struck a similar posture when Vietnam offered new wells to India during President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Hanoi in September.
Mukherjee dismissed Chinese objections saying that the ONGC is exploring in the South China Sea from 1988.
"This is just a commercial action. There shouldn't be any political angularity to be looked into it," he had said.
The oil exploration in the South China Sea is a sensitive issue as China's efforts to explore oil in May this year resulted in massive showdown between China and Vietnam with their ships colliding with each other for days.
Some Chinese were killed and over a hundred injured in anti-China riots in Vietnam. After that, the two sides are now trying to rebuild their relations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt may make linking SIMs with Aadhaar a mustYou are here: Home > Collections
Government likely to make seeding of mobile SIMs with Aadhaar a must
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 04.17AM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(However, recently the ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Government is likely to make it mandatory to link mobile SIM connections with Aadhhar number to weed out ghost users and curb the misuse of mobile phones for any terrorist act, extortion or other offences.
"Government has planned to make it compulsory seeding of mobile SIM cards with Aadhaar to keep a tab on use of mobile phone connection for anti-social act including terrorism and extortion," a source said.
In a recent review of the Aadhaar project, government top brass felt it is appropriate to make the seeding of Aadhaar compulsory for new as well as old mobile phone connection, the sources added.
Earlier, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the use of Aadhaar number as a single source of identity verification.
However, recently the ministry has supported Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate "anytime, anywhere, anyhow" authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one's identity.
Besides, Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
According to the source, the government may go slow on linking SIM cards with Aadhaar numbers as the entire population of the country does not have the unique identification number.
Earlier during the UPA regime, the government's plan to make Aadhaar linked bank account mandatory for getting cooking gas subsidy hit a road block. The implementation of the project was suspended after the apex court's interim order.
The Supreme Court had observed that the government cannot deny any benefit to citizen simply because somebody does not have Aadhaar.
As per experts, the Court's view was appropriate at that time as coverage under the Aadhaar project was low.
At present, the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) has issued Aadhaar numbers to over 70 crore residents in the country. It has been mandated to generate Aadhaar numbers of 100 crore residents by December.
Government has set the deadline of June next year for covering the entire population under the Aadhaar project.
Experts feel that once the entire population is covered under the project, it would not be difficult for government to use Aadhaar database for rolling out various social welfare scheme and making country's internal security apparatus more robust.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Out of the box  literallyUpdated: October 29, 2014 08:45 IST
Out of the box, literally
Ayyappa Nagubandi
Special arrangement Ayyappa Nagubandi is an entrepreneur and co-founder of Possibillion Technologies
TOPICS
technology (general)
Twine is a little sensor that absorbs the world around you
It is quite difficult to remember life when we constantly get notifications throughout the day on all types of devices that we have — from Facebook updates to important news from around the world. Most of these, barring a few exceptions, have one thing in common — you are banking on someone else’s software to interpret the data and send it across to you. It would be lovely to be able to programme your own notifications from objects and environments in your world, and set them to tell you anything you want to know, and when you need to know it.
This is the proposal that Supermechanical’s Twine is offering. Twine is a small turquoise box loaded with sensors.
Out of the box, Twine makes a lovely impression. Every sensor has its own labelled section that makes it a lot easier to identify each part. Twine sits on a tray on top of the whole package and has the battery section exposed. This is a nice consideration made by the company, because it is quite difficult to open the device again. The main unit of Twine is a plastic box that is encased in a teal silicon sleeve that fits snugly. Once your have put in the batteries and the sleeve is on, you will have a simple, palm sized square that measures about 2.8 inches on each side.
It also has a USB port and a 3.5mm headphone jack that lets you hook up external sensors with the help of a male – to – male cable, and the only output comes through a bluish white LED that glows when Twine responds to something. Twine has a corrugated pattern that breaks away at one end and looks like a ball of wool. This is not just for show. This “string” leads to a tiny hole in the top left hand corner that goes through the whole box and makes it easier to attach the device to awkward places.
Twine itself does not have a lot of features on the box. So, all the interaction is taken care of with the help of a well–designed web application. It reports the changes in the weather online. The device usually updates its status around every 45 seconds. But, you can get more updates (at the cost of the life of the battery) by placing it face down. It uses two AAA batteries for power (that are included), and the company claims that they should last for about 30 – 40 days with normal usage. But, in reality, the battery performance is not that great. If you do get a set of batteries that discharges in just about a week, then you might want to buy a good set of rechargeable batteries or use the micro USB port.
If, after reading this, you have a few ideas about how you would use Twine yourself every day, then it is recommended. It is quite versatile and reliable, and it is just really cool to get notifications from your home. This device is a great idea that has been executed well. If the idea appeals to you, then the product will too.
Know more at http://supermechanical.com/twine

The Friday Exit: GrubHub  Groupon Pages and Chicago s ambitions0
As if in rejoinder, Chicago-based GrubHub, which went public in April, tripled third-quarter profit as more people ordered in food using their service — and founder Matt Maloney bought a $3.4 million vintage mansion in Lincoln Park. And Groupon Pages launched , expanding the company’s relationship with local businesses beyond promotion of its own deals while also putting to use the millions of customer reviews the company has collected since 2011.
You know that panicked feeling when you’re rushing into a meeting you haven’t had time to prepare for? John Carpenter reports that Chicago-based software startup Charlie will deliver intel on upcoming meeting attendees an hour before the meeting. They already have $1.75 million from Chicago investors and others.
Inventables announced  Carvey, a new desktop carving machine for product designers, small manufacturers and other creative folks. CEO Zach Kaplan introduced it on Kickstarter asking for $50,000 to start the production run. He hit that goal in less than two hours and plans to begin shipping the Carvey in 2015.
UI Labs took a big organizational step forward, naming its board of directors: nine established players from big industry and academia.
We shared video from our Blue Sky event with Rick Bayless, who discussed everything from working with a spouse to how he finally realized how competitive he was. And he reflected on how he had to, er, forage for local ingredients back in the ’80s, before there was a farmer’s market on every corner.
Inc. reported on three other food entrepreneurs who reflected on how much things have changed in the last few decades. “People want a high-quality product, whether it’s in a restaurant or by a processor or from a farm. They want it produced by somebody they trust,” says Gary Hirschberg of Stonyfield Farm. “And they are demanding transparency. One study shows 90 percent of consumers are choosing local, at least occasionally.”
Blue Sky has a new event on our own events calendar: Amina Elahi will lead an expert panel on social media from 6 to 8 p.m. Dec. 8 at 1871. The panel includes Paul Rand, founder and CEO of Zocalo Group; Katy Lynch, founder and president of SocialKaty, now part of Manifest Digital; and Mana Ionescu, founder and president of Lightspan Digital. Tickets are $25.
Team @ChicagoBlueSky will be at the Chicago Innovation Awards on Thursday; hope to see you there.
Meantime, enjoy your weekend.

Meet The Workers Making Sure The NYC Subway Is Ebola-Freereddit
The people who clean the subways might be New York City's unsung heroes. They work at all hours, power-washing urine from platforms, putting themselves in harm's way to clean tracks and mopping the train car floors and seats that millions of people use every day.
Still, workers were disconcerted by the news that Craig Spencer, the doctor who tested positive for Ebola in New York City on Thursday, rode the A, L and 1 subway lines the day before he was diagnosed. After all, they’re the ones who have to clean the trains on which Spencer travelled.
"It's a time for caution, a high level of caution," said John Samuelsen, president of the Transportation Workers Union Local 100, which represents Metropolitan Transportation Authority workers.
Samuelson told The Huffington Post that the biggest concern for transit workers right now is making sure they have the right protective gear for cleaning up hazardous waste. The union is advising workers to do their jobs and be professional, but to challenge any supervisor who tells them to deal with infectious waste without protective equipment.
The risk of any transit worker contracting Ebola is relatively low. The disease is not airborne, and it’s only spread through bodily fluids. For someone to catch it, they would have to actually come in contact with something like mucus or vomit from an infected person.
Bodily fluids weren’t reported on any of the subway lines Spencer rode on Wednesday, according to the MTA.
That said, uncomfortable cleanups are all too common on New York City's busy subway system.
"This is nothing new for transit workers," Samuelsen said.
Indeed, whoever ends up cleaning the subway will be well-prepared. Transit workers are trained regularly on how to deal with emergencies. Moreover, the MTA already has procedures in place for cleaning up infectious waste in the transit system, including isolating the bus, train car or subway where the waste is found and providing protective equipment and training to the people cleaning it up. The MTA has added extra levels of protection for workers cleaning the places where Spencer came in contact with the system.
“Based on advice from health experts, the MTA has updated the protocols to ensure employees are issued nitrile gloves, use a 10 percent bleach solution for disinfection, and double-bag any potentially infectious waste,” according to a statement from the agency.
In addition, the TWU Local 100 union released a statement Thursday saying that its director of occupational health, Dr. Frank Goldsmith, is “closely monitoring the situation."
The people who keep the subway humming work under a variety of strange conditions that would be foreign to most New Yorkers, according to Robert W. Snyder, the author of Transit Talk: New York Bus and Subway Workers Tell Their Stories. Their hours can be erratic. They’re in contact with many more people every day than most of us are. Some of their jobs are “industrial” and can involve dangerous conditions. Amid all of this, these workers are also expected to maintain a happy face for customers, Snyder told HuffPost.
(This is confirmed by just one look at the union's website , which is currently advertising a workshop called “ Dealing with Difficult People." )
Transit workers are "often seen as invisible unless something goes catastrophically wrong,” said Snyder, who is also a professor at Rutgers University’s Newark campus.
That dynamic was on display earlier this month, when passengers wrote in anger to various news outlets about a used condom that had been hanging from a handrail on the F line for weeks. An MTA spokesman told Gothamist that he wasn’t necessarily surprised workers had missed the condom, which was relatively high up, because they’re so focused on cleaning the floors and seats of the train.
Despite the stressful conditions of transit work, people still flock to the job because “it remains one of the few jobs in the city where an ordinary person with an ordinary education can build a decent life with decent pay,” Snyder said.
Transit workers who clean the subway make about $25 an hour, according to data provided by the union. MTA workers also get dental and medical benefits, as well as perks like two weeks of paid maternity and paternity leave.
That may be part of the reason that, so far, transit workers and organizers haven’t used the Ebola panic to highlight the difficulties of the work. By contrast, earlier this month, airplane cleaners and other LaGuardia airport workers addressed Ebola in a strike that was organized with the help of the Service Employee International Union.
Though the LaGuardia protest dealt with working conditions more broadly, the Ebola outbreak offered a good opportunity to highlight those conditions, since the workers cleaning airplane cabins regularly come into contact with passengers’ bodily fluids.
Samuelsen added that his organization was in constant communication with workers and the MTA to ensure employees are working safely.
"We're not going to put ourselves in harm's way," he said.
More:

HK Exchange: sitting at the bus stop© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/404802b2-5d89-11e4-873e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hold your long positions until Nifty remains above 7950We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & ideas.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
Sudarshan Sukhani
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Hold your long positions until Nifty remains above 7950  buy PSU banks: Sukhani27 October 2014
Monday
Markets turn choppy; this may be a pause in up move or end of minor uptrend. Long positions in Nifty should be held while Nifty remains above 7950; PSU Banks continue to build base suggest buy opportunity
Support comes at 16200 in Bank Nifty. Trend is up and we should look for a buying opportunity in Banking Sector. CNX IT is now holding its support near 10700 and building a narrow trading range. A breakout above 11000 may give us a buying opportunity in IT Index.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. Trend is down in this instrument. We will discuss the important support and resistance level. We have OIL in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of Oil Stocks. Stock in focus includes AMBUJACEM, IGL, AXISBANK and VOLTAS. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss EUR INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

CVS and Rite Aid block Apple Pay serviceCVS and Rite Aid block Apple Pay mobile payments service
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco and Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1fb0fcba-5dfd-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bilawal heckled at London marchUpdated: October 28, 2014 19:42 IST
Bilawal heckled at London march
Parvathi Menon
Reuters Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, , chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party.
TOPICS
demonstration
Protestors were furious with Mr. Bhutto because they saw the PPP as attempting to hijack the campaign to its political advantage.
The “Million March” organized to highlight the Jammu and Kashmir issue got off to a disruptive start when Pakistan People’s Party leader Bilawal Bhutto had to be hurriedly taken off the dais at the Trafalgar Square on Sunday when hostile crowds booed and heckled him while sending a volley of projectiles including empty plastic bottles and cans at the dais.
Organised by Sultan Mahmood Choudhry, former prime minister of Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir, the march – billed as a show of strength for the cause of an independent Kashmir – quickly revealed the political fractures in Pakistan’s polity and the brittle relations between the PPP, former cricketer Imran Khan’s Tehreek-e-Insaaf, and the Muttahida Qaumi Movement.
Most of the protestors however were Kashmiris who had come from different parts of the United Kingdom, and their fury with Mr. Bhutto was because they saw the PPP as attempting to hijack the campaign to its political advantage.
“This is about the right of self determination of the Kashmiris, and should not be used by political parties for their own ends,” a participant who had come from the Midlands said.
Though billed as a million strong march, the crowd that gathered on a Sunday evening at London’s iconic protest side was estimated at around one thousand. Waving yellow and green flags of ‘Azad Kashmir’ and holding up placards denouncing India, the overwhelmingly male crowd marched the short distance to 10 Downing Street where the All Parties Hurriyat Conference submitted a memorandum in which it urged Britain to support the demand for self-determination for the Kashmiris, citing the examples of Scotland, East Timor and South Sudan.
In her recent visit to the UK, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised India’s concerns over the march and objected to Britain allowing groups that were hostile to India-UK relations to hold such demonstrations. Britain refused to ban the march stating its commitment to the freedom of speech. However it said that the Kashmir issue was for India and Pakistan to solve without the intervention of any other country including Britain.

Apple CEO Calls Out His Home State Over Lack Of LGBT RightsTim Cook Calls Out His Home State Over Lack Of LGBT Rights
 | By                                                                JAY REEVES
reddit
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama was too slow to guarantee the rights of minorities during the civil rights era, and now it's too slow to ensure the rights of people based on sexual orientation and gender identity, Apple CEO Tim Cook said Monday in challenging his home state to do better.
Cook's comments came as he, University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban and six others were inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, which recognizes living state natives for their contributions.
Speaking at the Capitol in the chamber where the state voted to secede from the Union in 1861, Cook said Alabama and the nation "have a long way to go" before realizing Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream of equality.
Alabama was "too slow" to guarantee rights in the 1960s, Cook said, and it removed a ban on interracial marriage from its Constitution only 14 years ago.
"And (Alabama is) still too slow on equality for the LGBT community. Under the law, citizens of Alabama can still be fired based on their sexual orientation," said Cook, a native of coastal Baldwin County. "We can't change the past, but we can learn from it and we can create a different future."
Alabama is among the states that do not recognize same-sex marriage, and it also doesn't offer legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Cook also called educational equality "one of the greatest civil rights issues of our times." Earlier this year, Apple said it would give $100 million for school technology, and Cook announced the money would go for equipment and training at 114 schools in more than 29 states, including five in Alabama.
"We at Apple view it our responsibility to step up and act," Cook said. The company is partnering with the White House on the project.
Cook is a native of Robertsdale who attended Auburn University. He succeeded Apple founder Steve Jobs as chief executive officer in 2011.
Other honorees included University of Alabama President Judy Bonner; Big Oak Ranch founder John Croyle; biotech leader Jim Hudson Jr. of Huntsville; U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions; former Mountain Brook mayor Margaret Porter; and businessman Edgar Welden.
The Apple executive spoke on behalf of the group. He visited a Baptist church once pastored by King before the ceremony.
More:

Jim Scherer / Dunkin Donuts via AP filejim scherer / dunkin donuts via ap file
publishing its latest results last nightTwitter increases users and sales but shares slide
Twitter's investors have been worried about the site's ability to grow its user base
Twitter sues US government on spying
Twitter has reported a doubling in sales and a 23% increase in the number of active users of its micro-blogging site for the third quarter.
The firm, known for its 140 character messages, said it added 13 million monthly active users between July and September, meaning it now has 284 million users.
Sales rose 114% to $361m (£223m), but it made a loss of $175m for the period.
Its shares fell 8% in after hours trading.
Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo said it was a "very strong financial quarter".
"I'm confident in our ability to build the largest daily audience in the world," he added.
However, it predicted fourth quarter sales of between $440m to $450m, compared to average analyst forecasts of $448m.
It also reported a 7% slide in timeline views per user, a figure seen as a key measure of user engagement, which was also slightly below analyst forecasts.
High expectations
Forrester Research analyst Nate Elliott attributed the sharp share price fall to the high expectations for the firm, and said Twitter had failed to keep up with social network rival Facebook.
"Their user growth is mildly encouraging, but I want to see better. Users is their key metric; they need to get people using the site everyday. Facebook is constantly giving people new reasons to come back to the site, Twitter needs to do more of that," he added.
Twitter's shares have had a bumpy ride since they were listed on the New York Stock Exchange last November.
Its shares initially rocketed but then eventually lost almost a third of their value, before recovering to trade around $48 per share, comfortably above their initial $26 per share flotation price.
Sterne Agee analyst Arvind Bhatia said the shares' rise suggested investors had expected more from Twitter's results.
"For a stock like Twitter, which is up a bit since the last quarter, expectations were high. People expect more than just in line," he said.
More on This Story

reported falling profitsStandard Chartered quarterly profit falls 16%
Standard Chartered makes about three-quarters of its profit from Asia
Profile: Standard Chartered Bank
Standard Chartered has announced a 16% fall in operating profit because of a restructuring of its South Korean business and an increase in bad loans.
The Asia-focused lender said pre-tax profits fell to $1.5bn (£930m) in the July-to-September quarter compared to the same period a year ago.
Standard Chartered also warned full-year earnings would fall because of weak trading activity.
It also plans to cut an additional $400m in costs for 2015.
Standard Chartered chief executive Peter Sands, who has run the firm since 2006, said "trading conditions remain subdued".
"We are executing our refreshed strategy, including reprioritising investments, exiting non-core businesses, de-risking certain portfolios and reallocating capital," he said in a statement.
"We also continue to make progress in reshaping Korea. Whilst some of these actions will impact near term performance, they are crucial to getting us back to a trajectory of sustainable, profitable growth".

20% of its share price-1.74
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

National Grid issued a similar warning last yearRising home fuel bills: New warning
The risk of blackouts this winter is higher than at any time over the past six years, National Grid has said.
The operator of the UK's electricity network said the difference between the power being generated and estimated peak demand could fall to levels not seen since the winter of 2007-08.
However National Grid said it was "comfortable" with the margin.
"As long as the market responds in the way that it has done historically then we will be absolutely fine", it added.
As a result of the tight margin, National Grid said it expected to have to issue more warnings to the market to encourage energy firms to bring on extra supplies.
The number of coal-based power plants operating across the UK has fallen sharply over the past year due to the effects of EU legislation which has caused older polluting coal and oil power plants to be turned off.
'Never complacent'
The situation has been exacerbated as some gas fired plants have also been mothballed due to economic pressures.
Chris Train, director of market operations at National Grid, said despite the series of power station closures since last year, it was still confident the market could meet demand, even in the event of another prolonged cold spell such as in March this year.
"As the system operator, we're never complacent. It's up to us to be ready to balance the system in real time. We believe we are ready and have the tools we need to play our part," he added.
In June, energy regulator Ofgem said that risks to security of electricity supply - the danger of the lights not being kept on - had increased due to the UK's shortage of power stations and new wind farms.
It also warned that the risk of electricity customer disconnections would "appreciably increase" albeit from near-zero levels.
Investment needed
Angela Knight, chief executive of Energy UK, which represents energy companies, said the tight margin between supply and demand demonstrated investment was "urgently needed".
"This is not scaremongering. What we need right now is clear, pragmatic energy policy to keep energy affordable, long-term certainty to attract vital investment and the necessary back-up to ensure we have energy security when and where it's needed."
A spokesman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change said it would work closely with both National Grid and the energy industry to monitor energy supplies through the winter.
"Our infrastructure has the capacity to deliver over twice average winter demand for gas, and has coped well with recent extreme winter conditions," he added.
More on This Story

world s fastest supercomputersMet Office to build £97m supercomputer
 
Met Office 'needs supercomputers'
Funding has been confirmed for a £97m supercomputer to improve the Met Office's weather forecasting and climate modelling.
The facility will work 13 times faster than the current system, enabling detailed, UK-wide forecast models with a resolution of 1.5km to be run every single hour, rather than every three.
It will be built in Exeter during 2015 and become operational next September.
The Met Office said it would deliver a "step change" in forecast accuracy.
"It will allow us to add more precision, more detail, more accuracy to our forecasts on all time scales for tomorrow, for the next day, next week, next month and even the next century," said Met Office chief executive Rob Varley.
As well as running UK-wide and global forecasting models more frequently, the new technology will allow particularly important areas to receive much more detailed assessment.
For example, forecasts of wind speeds, fog and snow showers could be delivered for major airports, with a spatial resolution of 300m.
It makes us world leaders not only in talking about the weather, but forecasting it too”
End Quote Greg Clark, MP Minister for Universities and Science
The extra capacity will also be useful for climate scientists, who need massive amounts of computing power to run detailed models over much longer time scales.
It will address one of the key challenges of climate projections - to "answer the real questions people need to know", said Mr Varley.
"We can tell you that the global average temperature is going to increase by 3C or 4C if we carry on as we are - but the critical question is what is that going to mean for London?
"What is it going to mean for Scotland? What is it going to mean for my back garden? At the moment the general looks that we can produce really don't answer those kinds of questions," he told BBC Radio 4's Today.
Analysis by David Shukman, BBC Science Editor
For an island nation that sits at a turbulent cross-roads between Atlantic moisture, Arctic cold and continental extremes, our weather is notoriously hard to forecast. Fickle winds, complicated topography and innumerable local influences add to the challenge.
The BBC's David Shukman says it will be "one of the world's fastest computers"
But because the weather matters so much - to everything from whether to leave home with a brolly to preparing for closed runways at an airport - all eyes are on the Met Office, and the glances are often hostile.
The biggest failures have now entered the national vocabulary: Michael Fish's denial of an approaching hurricane in 1987 and the infamous suggestion of a "barbecue summer" in 2009 when the reality proved relentlessly soggy.
The Met Office asserts that people never notice everyday successes, a gradual increase in reliability that has seen each decade allow the forecasts to reach another day into the future.
Rob Varley, Met Office, on how the supercomputer will change forecasting
The new supercomputer should accelerate that process, crunching bigger numbers at a finer scale and more frequently than ever before.
But it may also raise expectations about accuracy. And, in a country obsessed with the weather, that brings its own risks.
Mr Varley said he was "absolutely delighted" the government had confirmed its investment, which was first promised by the chancellor in the 2013 Autumn Statement.
The new system will be housed partly at the Met Office headquarters in Exeter and partly at a new facility in the Exeter Science Park, and will reach its full capacity in 2017.
At that point, its processing power will be 16 petaflops - meaning it can perform 16 quadrillion calculations every second.
The "Cray XC40" machine will have 480,000 central processing units or CPUs, which is 12 times as many as the current Met Office supercomputer, made by IBM. At 140 tonnes, it will also be three times heavier.
It marks the biggest contract the Cray supercomputing firm has secured outside the US.
"It will be one of the best high-performance computers in the world," Science Minister Greg Clark told journalists at the announcement, adding that it would "transform the analytical capacity of the Met Office".
The 140-tonne computer will be split between the Met Office and Exeter Science Park
Mr Clark said the supercomputer would put the UK, appropriately, at the forefront of weather and climate science. "It makes us world leaders not only in talking about the weather, but forecasting it too."
The improved forecasts, according to the Met Office, could deliver an estimated £2bn in socio-economic benefits, including more advance warning of floods, less air travel disruption, more secure decision-making for renewable energy investments, and efficient planning for the impacts of climate change.
Prof Tim Palmer,  a climate physicist at the University of Oxford, also said the announcement was "very exciting news" and emphasised the necessity for more and more powerful computers.
"Unlike other areas of science, you can't really do lab experiments," he told the BBC. "We can only do two things: wait and see what happens, or try and simulate it inside a computer."
This means, Prof Palmer explained, "fantastically complex machines" like the XC40 - and whatever comes next.
"This is the start of an important investment, but it's by no means the endpoint."
Forecasting of fog, ice and snow at airports could be drastically improved
The most detailed climate simulations currently being proposed, Prof Palmer said, will need exabytes of storage: another vast increase on the capacity of the Cray XC40, which will have storage capacity of 17 petabytes (a petabyte is one million gigabytes; an exabyte is 1,000 petabytes).
Piers Forster, a professor of climate change at the University of Leeds, said the increased power should "massively improve understanding of extreme weather and climate change", but added: "We also need to support brain power.
"When the Met Office opened some of its computers to work with UK university academics it benefited everyone.
"These problems are too big for one computer or organisation to solve, but as long as our fruitful collaborations continue, we can realise the promised benefits."

force more teams out of the sportMarussia and Caterham have been put into administration and will miss Sunday's United States Grand Prix
27 October 2014 Last updated at 16:05
print
Max Mosley says high costs could see Formula 1 lose more teams
Marussia and Caterham "may not be the last" teams to suffer from the high costs of racing in Formula 1, according to former FIA president Max Mosley.
"It's not a fair competition any more," Mosley told BBC Radio 5 live.
"The big problem is that the big teams have so much more money than teams like Caterham and Marussia."
The 74-year-old, who was head of the sport's governing body between 1993 and 2009, added: "In the end, they [teams such as Caterham and Marussia] were bound to drop off - and they may not be the last."
Depleted grid for US Grand Prix
Marussia and Caterham's absence will leave only nine teams and 18 cars on the grid, the first time that has happened since Monaco in 2005.
The likes of Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes spend more than £200m a year on their F1 programmes, whereas outfits such as Marussia and Caterham, who have been at the back of the grid since they entered the sport in 2010, exist on a third of that.
Mosley's plans for a cost cap in 2009 fell through and revived plans for one to be introduced next season collapsed earlier this year.
"From a sporting point of view, the sport should split the money equally and then let the teams get as much sponsorship as they can," added Mosley.
"A team like Ferrari will always get more sponsorship than Marussia, but if they all get the same basic money, then they all start on a level-playing field, particularly if you have a cost cap where you limit the amount of money each team is allowed to spend."
This season has seen the introduction of new environmentally-friendly engines, which have more relevance to the road car industry but are double the cost of the previous units.
Mosley was president of the FIA between 1993 and 2009
Mosley believes it's not a coincidence that some of the smaller teams are struggling following the increase in engine costs.
"I'm in favour of the greener engines," he said. "The mistake was not saying to the big manufacturers that you can spend as much as you want on research but the maximum you can charge per season is something like £3-4m instead of the £15-20m, which I believe it is now."
Mosley added that while having 18 cars on the grid is not damaging in the short term, "in the medium term, you will have a problem" because there is "something fundamentally wrong".
The bigger teams have clauses in their contracts stipulating that, if the number of cars on the grid falls below a certain threshold, they have to supply a third car.
Mosley does not think it would be a good idea, adding: "You should have 10-12 two-car teams and the rules should be arranged so that if someone is a really good engineer starting at the back, they can work their way up to the front."

just over $85 a barrel+0.00
+0.0
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

R&D spending unlinked to performanceR&D spending unlinked to financial performance, study shows
Alison Smith, Chief Corporate Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdfe1b2c-5abf-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Read the full report on the government s websiteSeptember 2014 Market Trend Data
From:
Business and enterprise and Housing
Land Registry's Market Trend Data for England and Wales.
Average house price in England and Wales now £177,299 compared with the peak of £181,324 in November 2007
Annual growth of 7.2 per cent in September
House prices down 0.2 per cent since August
863 repossessions in England & Wales during July 2014
Over 93,350 residential properties in England and Wales lodged for registration in September
The September data from Land Registry’s House Price Index shows an annual price increase of 7.2 per cent which takes the average property value in England and Wales to £177,299. House prices down 0.2 per cent since August. Repossession volumes decreased by 33 per cent in July 2014 to 863 compared with 1,283 in July 2013.
The region in England and Wales which experienced the greatest increase in its average property value over the last 12 months is London with a movement of 18.4 per cent.
The East experienced the greatest monthly rise with a movement of 1.4 per cent.
Yorkshire & The Humber saw the lowest annual price growth with a movement of 1.4 per cent.
Yorkshire & The Humber also saw the most significant monthly price fall of 2.2 per cent.
The most up-to-date figures available show that during July 2014 the number of completed house sales in England & Wales increased by 7 per cent to 79,214 compared with 73,749 in July 2013.
The number of properties sold in England and Wales for over £1 million in July 2014 increased by 19 per cent to 1,439 from 1,207 in July 2013.
The region with the greatest fall in repossession sales in July 2014 was the East.
Monthly change since August 2014
Annual change since September 2013
Average price September 2014
Average price by property type 2014 to 2013
Average price by property type (England & Wales)
September 2014
Sales volumes 2013 to 2012
Month
Sales volumes 2014 to 2013
Month
Repossessions by region 2014 to 2013
Repossessions by region
1,283
-33%
The Price Paid Data includes details of over 93,350 residential property sales in England and Wales lodged for registration in September 2014. The most expensive sale in September 2014 is located in London W11 and sold for £13.5m. The cheapest sale in September 2014 is in Ferryhill, County Durham and sold for £15,000.
ENDS
Notes to editors
Market Trend Data is published on the twentieth working day of each month. The October House Price Index (HPI) will be published at 9.30am on Friday 28 November 2014. The Price Paid Data is published at 11am on the same day. The Release dates of the headline figure and the full House Price Index (HPI) are available on our release calendar which contains our publishing schedule up to September 2015.
The HPI uses a sample size that is larger than all other statistical measures available. It is calculated using Land Registry’s dataset of all residential property sales completed in England and Wales since January 1995.
Land Registry’s dataset contains details on over 19 million residential transactions. Of these, over 7 million are identifiable matched pairs, providing the basis for the repeat sales regression analysis used to complete the index. This technique of quality adjustment ensures an “apples to apples” comparison between properties.
The adjusted headline statistics for England and Wales on p14 of the monthly HPI report include additional repossession data.
The repossession data is based on the number of transactions lodged with Land Registry by lenders exercising their power of sale. Once we have identified these transactions, we extract the price paid information from the related register entry.
Although the HPI goes back to January 1995, we have only been recording repossessions comprehensively since 2006. This means that historic repossession data is not available prior to January 2006. See About HPI for more information.
HPI background tables are available as Open Data in Excel and CSV formats and in machine readable format as linked data. They are available for free use and re-use under the Open Government Licence (OGL) .
Price Paid Data is residential property price data for all the residential property sales in England and Wales that are lodged with us for registration in that month. The following information is available for each property:
the full address

but has set aside $1.9bn (1.2bn) in legal costsUBS misses profit estimates after $1.9bn legal provision
Swiss bank UBS is one of the world's largest wealth management companies
Bank suspends worker in rigging probe
Switzerland's biggest bank, UBS, has missed profit estimates after it set aside $1.9bn (£1.2bn) in legal provisions amid an investigation over alleged currency-rigging.
Net income rose by 32% to 762m francs (£498m) in the third quarter, below analyst forecasts for 804m francs.
UBS is in talks with authorities to settle allegations that it colluded in manipulating key rates in the $5.3tn-a-day foreign exchange market.
However, it has yet to reach a deal.
Both UK and US regulators are also said to be investigating other lenders, including JPMorgan and Barclays.
"We are actively addressing litigation and regulatory matters," UBS chief executive Sergio Ermotti said in the bank's quarterly report.
UBS also said it expected legal and regulatory charges to remain "elevated for the foreseeable future" because of the "current regulatory and political climate affecting financial institutions".
The Swiss bank had warned last month it could face "material monetary penalties" because of the currency-rigging investigation.
It has already paid about $3.6bn in penalties since 2012. Among other things, it has been accused of helping wealthy clients avoid taxes.
UBS shares traded in Zurich have lost nearly 9% of their value this year.
More on This Story

Adani hires Morgan Stanley to help sell Aus port stakeAdani Group hires Morgan Stanley to help sell Australia port stake
Sonali Paul     Melbourne   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 16:01 IST
Picture for representation purpose.
Adani Group chairman Gautam Adani has appointed Morgan Stanley to advise on the possible sale of a stake in its Abbot Point coal port in Australia, as it looks to raise funds to help finance a A$7 billion ($6.2 billion) mine, rail and port project.
Adani spokesman Andrew Porter confirmed the company has hired Morgan Stanley to help it on a potential partial sale of Abbot Point, a 50 million tonnes-a-year coal terminal on the east coast of Australia that it bought for $2 billion in 2011.
Funds raised from the stake sale would be used to help finance Adani's planned expansion of the port, Porter said.
Earlier this year, Morgan Stanley advised the Australian state of New South Wales on the sale of the Port of Newcastle, the world's largest coal export terminal, which fetched A$1.75 billion, double the amount that had been widely expected.
Adani's comments came after the Wall Street Journal reported that while Morgan Stanley was advising on the port sale, the bank was among four major US investment banks that had told a US-based green group, Rainforest Action Network, that they would not help fund the port's expansion.
The east coast port expansion to handle two rival coal projects planned by Adani and India's GVK with Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart has sparked an outcry from green groups and tourist operators opposed to coal projects and port dredging near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
The $17 billion worth of projects in the undeveloped Galilee Basin have been at the centre of a campaign by anti-coal activists pressing institutional investors and big banks to shun coal investments to help combat climate change.
"Stopping Abbot Point is a top priority for us, because this single project is the key to whether one of the largest stores of carbon on the planet, the Galilee Basin, stays in the ground where it belongs, or is sold on the global market and released into our atmosphere," said Amanda Starbuck, a director at San Francisco-based Rainforest Action Network.
Morgan Stanley said on Tuesday it was not necessarily opposed to the Abbot Point expansion, but it typically does not provide financing for any projects in Australia.
"In the case of the various Galilee Basin coal, rail and port developments, we have not looked at these projects in any detail nor have we assessed or opined on the environmental considerations surrounding them," Morgan Stanley's Australian spokesman Hugh Fraser said.
"We are simply not in the business of providing greenfield project financing in Australia and therefore, as we have stated, we will not lend to, or invest in, these projects."
Adani is expected to tap Australia's big four banks and others to help fund its Carmichael project in Queensland state, which most analysts say would be hard to justify at current coal prices, hovering at five-year lows.
(Reuters)

warned that its capacity to supply electricity this winter will be lower than lastHow smartphones can cut energy bills
National Grid has warned that its capacity to supply electricity this winter will be at a seven-year low due to generator closures and breakdowns.
Spare electricity capacity, which ran at about 5% over the winter months last year, would be nearer 4% this year, National Grid said.
Three years ago the margin was 17%.
But National Grid said it has contingency plans in place to manage supply, including paying big firms to switch off on cold winter evenings.
Cordi O'Hara, National Grid: "We plan for a range of scenarios"
Dismissing fears of possible electricity blackouts, energy minister Matthew Hancock told the BBC: "We are absolutely clear we are taking the measures necessary in order to have secure energy supplies this winter."
Professor Jim Watson of the UK Energy Research Centre, said: "I think it's… very unlikely we will see blackouts in the UK, but what it does mean, this tight situation, is that lots and lots of extra measures are having to be layered on top of an already complicated policy framework."
National Grid's assessment, made in its 2014/15 Winter Outlook report , is based on similar demand to last winter but a fall in supply, due to generators closing and breaking down, and new plants not coming online quickly enough to replace them.
Since 2012, 15 power plants have been closed or partially closed, taking out a large chunk of the UK's energy-generating capacity.
The network operator said it is finalising contracts with three UK power stations to provide reserve power in case of higher-than-expected demand.
Additional reserve contracts with Littlebrook, Rye House and Peterhead power plants to provide 1.1GW of power could increase this margin to more than 6%, said the operator.
The three stations were chosen following a tender process in which eight power stations offered a total of 5.4GW of power.
National Grid contingency plans include paying big firms to switch off on cold winter evenings
"The electricity margin has decreased compared with recent years, but the outlook remains manageable and well within the reliability standard set by the government," said Cordi O'Hara, director of market operations at National Grid.
Caroline Flint MP, Labour's shadow energy and climate change secretary, said: "The security of our energy supply has not been helped by the fall in investment under this government. With a quarter of our power stations closing this decade it is vital that we bring forward investment in secure and clean energy for the future."
Analysis: Roger Harrabin, BBC Environment Analyst
The traditional approach to electricity is building capacity to meet consumer demand, but one way of keeping the lights on is reducing demand for power in the first place.
Using more efficient appliances and insulating buildings is one way. Another is paying energy users to have their power switched off at peak times.
Large industrial plants go off the mains for a while and on to their own diesel generators.
Marriott Hotels in the UK switch off their air conditioning system for a few hours to save energy and money. Its spokesman says guests don't even notice because the temperature barely changes.
Studies suggest this all reduces the need for new power stations, helps the grid cope with intermittent renewable power, and saves money for customers.
Eventually individual householders may have intelligent appliances like freezers which switch themselves OFF to save electricity - and money - when demand is high.
Gas supplies
In the event of disruption of Russian gas supplies to Europe, National Grid said more expensive gas could be imported.
This would only happen in the "most extreme scenario", it said.
Energy Minister Matt Hancock says there will be improvements in two years
"The current uncertainty surrounding Eastern European gas supply stability due to the enduring tensions between Russia and Ukraine, could lead to curtailment of gas supplies in to Europe," said the owner and operator of the UK's power network.
Although the UK does not receive any gas directly from Russia, gas flows to Europe could be affected, which would in turn affect supplies to the UK, it added.
If necessary, the UK could import more liquefied natural gas from elsewhere, but this would cost more and could have implications for household bills.
Overall, however, gas supplies, storage and network capacity were "well in excess of maximum expected demand", the operator said.
More on This Story

Britain s Lloyds Bank to Cut 9 000 JobsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Shares push higher  bonds steady ahead of Fed2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

U.S. Consumers Sue Over Potentially Defective AirbagsU.S. Consumers Sue Takata Over Airbags; Class-Action Status Sought For Larger Payout
Reuters
reddit
(Adds detail on lawsuit)
Oct 27 (Reuters) - Takata Corp, the Japanese  company whose potentially defective airbags have led to the  recall of millions of vehicles, was sued on Monday by consumers  who claimed Takata and several car manufacturers defrauded them  by concealing crucial information.
The lawsuit, filed with a U.S. District Court in Florida, is  believed to be the first in the United States to seek  class-action status on behalf of consumers nationwide.
If that status is granted, it could subject Takata to a  larger payout in a trial or settlement than if vehicle owners  were forced to sue individually.
The federal lawsuit is at least the third filed against  Takata in the last week over alleged airbag defects. The other  lawsuits were brought on behalf of individual owners.
A Takata representative in the U.S. could not immediately be  reached.
The lawsuit also names car manufacturers as defendants,  including Toyota and Honda. Representatives  for those companies in the U.S. also could not immediately be  reached.
U.S. safety regulators are investigating whether Takata  airbag inflators made from 2000 to 2007 were improperly sealed  or subject to other defects.
At least four deaths and dozens of injuries have been linked  to faulty Takata airbags, and their potential to rupture and  spray metal shrapnel at vehicle occupants.
Takata "had a duty to disclose these safety issues because  they consistently marketed their vehicles as reliable and safe,"  the lawsuit said.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has urged  owners of an estimated 7.8 million Chrysler, Ford  , General Motors, BMW, Honda, Mazda  , Mitsubishi Motors, Nissan, Fuji  Heavy's Subaru and Toyota vehicles to replace their  airbags
The case in U.S. District Court, Southern District of  Florida is Craig Dunn et al vs. Takata Corporation et al,  14-cv-24009.     (Reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco and Jonathan Stempel  in New York; Editing by Ken Wills and Kenneth Maxwell)
More:

Devendra Fadnavis selected new Maharashtra CMDevendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:37 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:12 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis will be the new chief minister of Maharashtra after he was elected the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s legislature party on Tuesday, as the party continued talks with former ally Shiv Sena on whether to form a government together.
Advertisement
Fadnavis is the first BJP chief minister of the state and will head a minority government if the party fails to strike a deal with the Sena.
He will be sworn in along with seven ministers on Friday at Wankhede Stadium.
At 44, Fadnavis will be the second youngest Maharashtra chief minister - next only to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar, who was sworn in when he was 37 years old. Fadnavis will also be the first BJP CM in the politically crucial state.
Speaking in Marathi and Hindi as supporters went wild celebrating his elevation, Fadnavis credited the BJP's performance in the assembly polls to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, party president Amit Shah and other colleagues.
"It will be a government of people… We will follow the path shown by Modiji," Fadnavis said after his selection.
"I thank the party for picking me, though there were other eligible people," he added.
Complications had cropped up after nearly 40 BJP legislators from the Vidarbha region - where the party won 44 seats in the assembly elections - openly backed Union minister Nitin Gadkari for the top job. Three MLAs even offered to quit in order to pave the way for Gadkari to get elected.
Amid the confusion, Gadkari met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat on Saturday. There were indications the BJP's parent body had endorsed Fadnavis as CM.
According to RSS insiders, Bhagwat wanted Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to take the reins of the state. The RSS chief is believed to have advised Fadnavis to take major decisions after consulting Gadkari.
Fadnavis, whom Modi had described as "Nagpur's gift to the country" at an election rally, had headed the BJP in the state when it posted most impressive performances in both Lok Sabha and assembly polls.
Known to be a meticulous politician with a clean image, he has his roots in the RSS. The BJP CM-designate tore into the former Congress-NCP government during the election campaign, making the issue of corruption both a poll plank and an election promise.
An articulate politician, he is also credited with pushing the previous government into a corner over the alleged irrigation scam, which many say is primarily responsible for a spate of suicide by farmers in the parched Vidarbha region.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is also the only the second Brahmin to become the chief minister — after BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi .
Unlike some of those whose names were doing the rounds for chief ministership, Fadnavis has never held any ministerial position. Fadnavis’ detractors had highlighted his lack of administrative experience to edge him out of the race.
However, his clean public image and solid backing from the Modi-Shah combine helped the young leader from Nagpur emerge as the winner.
According to reports, just seven BJP ministers will take oath on Friday in an event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
To ally or not to ally
There is still no clarity, however, on whether the BJP will join hands with the Shiv Sena to form the government.
"BJP wants to take Sena along,"  JP Nadda, party-in-charge of Maharashtra, said on Tuesday.
The Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on Friday.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP told the Sena on Sunday to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The NCP weakened the Sena's case further when Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
(With agency inputs)

according to the Land RegistrySeptember 2014 Market Trend Data
From:
Business and enterprise and Housing
Land Registry's Market Trend Data for England and Wales.
Average house price in England and Wales now £177,299 compared with the peak of £181,324 in November 2007
Annual growth of 7.2 per cent in September
House prices down 0.2 per cent since August
863 repossessions in England & Wales during July 2014
Over 93,350 residential properties in England and Wales lodged for registration in September
The September data from Land Registry’s House Price Index shows an annual price increase of 7.2 per cent which takes the average property value in England and Wales to £177,299. House prices down 0.2 per cent since August. Repossession volumes decreased by 33 per cent in July 2014 to 863 compared with 1,283 in July 2013.
The region in England and Wales which experienced the greatest increase in its average property value over the last 12 months is London with a movement of 18.4 per cent.
The East experienced the greatest monthly rise with a movement of 1.4 per cent.
Yorkshire & The Humber saw the lowest annual price growth with a movement of 1.4 per cent.
Yorkshire & The Humber also saw the most significant monthly price fall of 2.2 per cent.
The most up-to-date figures available show that during July 2014 the number of completed house sales in England & Wales increased by 7 per cent to 79,214 compared with 73,749 in July 2013.
The number of properties sold in England and Wales for over £1 million in July 2014 increased by 19 per cent to 1,439 from 1,207 in July 2013.
The region with the greatest fall in repossession sales in July 2014 was the East.
Monthly change since August 2014
Annual change since September 2013
Average price September 2014
Average price by property type 2014 to 2013
Average price by property type (England & Wales)
September 2014
Sales volumes 2013 to 2012
Month
Sales volumes 2014 to 2013
Month
Repossessions by region 2014 to 2013
Repossessions by region
1,283
-33%
The Price Paid Data includes details of over 93,350 residential property sales in England and Wales lodged for registration in September 2014. The most expensive sale in September 2014 is located in London W11 and sold for £13.5m. The cheapest sale in September 2014 is in Ferryhill, County Durham and sold for £15,000.
ENDS
Notes to editors
Market Trend Data is published on the twentieth working day of each month. The October House Price Index (HPI) will be published at 9.30am on Friday 28 November 2014. The Price Paid Data is published at 11am on the same day. The Release dates of the headline figure and the full House Price Index (HPI) are available on our release calendar which contains our publishing schedule up to September 2015.
The HPI uses a sample size that is larger than all other statistical measures available. It is calculated using Land Registry’s dataset of all residential property sales completed in England and Wales since January 1995.
Land Registry’s dataset contains details on over 19 million residential transactions. Of these, over 7 million are identifiable matched pairs, providing the basis for the repeat sales regression analysis used to complete the index. This technique of quality adjustment ensures an “apples to apples” comparison between properties.
The adjusted headline statistics for England and Wales on p14 of the monthly HPI report include additional repossession data.
The repossession data is based on the number of transactions lodged with Land Registry by lenders exercising their power of sale. Once we have identified these transactions, we extract the price paid information from the related register entry.
Although the HPI goes back to January 1995, we have only been recording repossessions comprehensively since 2006. This means that historic repossession data is not available prior to January 2006. See About HPI for more information.
HPI background tables are available as Open Data in Excel and CSV formats and in machine readable format as linked data. They are available for free use and re-use under the Open Government Licence (OGL) .
Price Paid Data is residential property price data for all the residential property sales in England and Wales that are lodged with us for registration in that month. The following information is available for each property:
the full address

Reveal all names in black money list tomorrow  Supreme Court tellsCentrePrint
The government on Monday had disclosed in the Supreme Court eight more names against whom it has initiated prosecution under the Income Tax Act for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 10:25 am
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the Centre to disclose to it on Wednesday all the names being investigated for allegedly stashing black money abroad, and questioned why the government was “holding a protective umbrella for these people”.
Throwing a spanner in the case being heard for the past five years, a bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu directed the government to hand over, in sealed cover, on Wednesday the lists of all the names received from foreign governments, irrespective of the nature of treaties between the countries. The court order came as a surprise since it was hearing a fresh application by the government for, in fact, restricting the disclosure.
ALSO READ: Nothing to hide but Germans protested, others may too, says A-G
“Don’t give us two or three names but all the names. Give us the entire list… whatever you have got from Germany, France, Switzerland and other countries. What you have disclosed could be a tip of the iceberg. This is going to be the first step now —disclose everything. We can’t leave the issue completely to you (government). It may never happen during our time,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur.
The government had on Monday informed the court about three entities — two individuals and a mining company along with its five directors — who were being prosecuted under the Income Tax Act for allegedly keeping black money in foreign bank accounts.
The court also said that the government did not have to choose the manner and the mode of probe into the matter and all that it needed to do was to place everything before the court, which may also rope in CBI to investigate. The bench said the court had in 2011 issued orders for complete disclosure of information received from foreign governments and it would hence also take the responsibility of ensuring the case reaches its logical end.
“Why do you (government) want to investigate? You don’t have to take the trouble of investigating. Why are you bothered? Why are you holding a protective umbrella for these people? You just pass on all the information to us and we will decide. We can ask even CBI to investigate. We are not helpless. We had passed the original order in 2011 and we will take the responsibility now as well,” it said.
Attorney General Mukul continued…

Idea Cellular working on launching of 4G ser...You are here: Home > Collections
Idea Cellular working on launching of 4G service
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 04.40PM IST
("We are working on launching…)
KOCHI: Idea Cellular is working on the launch of 4G service in the country and as and when the ecosystem develops, it will be rolled out, a top official today said.
The operator had registered an over Rs 1,000 crore mobile data revenue during the second quarter of the fiscal. "We are working on launching the 4G service in the country and as and when the eco system develops, we will roll out 4G," Idea Cellular Ltd Deputy Managing Director Ambrish Jain told reporters here.
Idea would be one of the early launchers of 4G in India, he said.
In Kerala, the operator had acquired 10 mhz of contiguous 1800 spectrum to ensure the best 4G experience, he said adding this will help in unparallelled speed and downloads.
The operator was committed to offer next generation mobile technologies in India. "We have acquired large quantum of spectrum in 900, 1800 and 2100 MHz bands through auction in the last few years to enable our over 143 million subscribers to access mobile Internet services on their devices," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI Governor Seen Holding Rates on December 2: AnalystsIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Mumbai: Foreign brokerages on Tuesday said Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan is unlikely to yield to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's call for a rate cut at the December 2 policy review.
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting... Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts but it is unlikely to be swayed by the base effects-driven softening in inflation," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Analysts are expecting inflation to fall further in October and November due to base effect. Inflation measured by consumer prices has been trending down for over four months. It came in at 6.7 per cent in September. The RBI has set a January 2015 CPI (consumer price index) target of 8 per cent and 6 per cent for January 2016.
Its French peer BNP Paribas also said the RBI may not deliver a rate cut in its next meeting.
"Rate-cut speculation remains premature in our opinion, given the still uncomfortably high household inflation expectations, which need to be re-anchored to lock in lower inflation," it said in a note.
In an interview over the weekend, Mr Jaitley had hinted that time was ripe for a rate cut with inflation trending down.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," he had said in a media interview. ( Read more )
According to some analysts, the lower GDP growth in the September quarter (some expect to slip below 5 per cent) may put more pressure on the RBI to go ahead with a rate cut.
"Against this backdrop of weak growth and falling inflation, the Reserve Bank is likely to face mounting pressure to ease rates at the December 2 meeting. That said, the RBI will look past these base-effect swings to focus on anchoring inflationary expectations and ensuring medium-term stability," the DBS note said.
Opinion seems to be building up increasingly that Mr Rajan may not do a rate cut at the December review. On Monday, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch also said there may not be a cut in December.
But BofA-ML had said it saw the RBI cutting rates in February, once the 2015 inflation target of 8 per cent was achieved and the January 2016 target of 6 per cent, looked achievable.
(Read: Expect RBI to cut rates in February: BofA-ML )
"We expect the Governor to sound more dovish in December and cut in February. After all, we see CPI inflation well set to meet the RBI's 8 per cent in January 2015 and 6 per cent in January 2016 (with normal rains) targets," BofA-ML said in a note.
DBS said that other factors like the new monetary policy framework will also be weighing in while taking a call on the rates.
"Any amendments in the inflation targets, and/or the establishment of a monetary policy committee to take rate decisions, will influence the direction of rates into the 2016 fiscal year," it said.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 17:12 (IST)

Religare Securities launches virtual stock trading platformReligare Securities launches virtual stock trading platform
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Religare Securities Ltd (RSL), a retail broking arm of Religare Enterprises (REL) today said it has partnered with Singapore-based financial technology firm TrakInvest to launch a cutting-edge virtual stock trading platform for its users.
The new social stock market platform, trakinvest.com , allows investors in India to trade risk-free using virtual money, helping them improve their skills and knowledge while earning prizes and even jobs. With this confidence, they can then trade with real money via RSL’s online trading platform, a statement issued here said.
“TrakInvest is more than game. It’s a holistic trading platform. With TrakInvest, users can learn from other traders and even copy their trading activity, download 12,000 free research reports that are updated every week, and take part in competitions where they can win great prizes including finance jobs and internships.
“We’re making it possible for anyone to become a successful and a more informed investor,” TrakInvest Founder & CEO Bobby Bhatia said.
Each new TrakInvest user starts with Rs 50 lakh of virtual cash to build their winning portfolio. Users are also provided with contextualised stock news and twitter feeds, as well as detailed research reports and stock analytics tools.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Black money: SC asks Centre for names of all account holdersYou are here: Home > Collections
Black money: SC directs Centre to place before it names of all Indian account holders in foreign banks
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.06PM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(FM Arun Jaitley had made…)
NEW DELHI: Rejecting the Centre's stand, the Supreme Court today ordered Centre to disclose all the names of blackmoney holders abroad to it by tomorrow in a sealed envelope and slammed it for reluctance on the issue.
The apex court had some strong words for the new government for seeking modification of its earlier order on disclosure of all names saying this was accepted by the then UPA government.
"Why are you trying to protect people having bank accounts in foreign countries. Why are you providing a protective umbrella for all these people.
"The order was passed in open court in the presence of Solicitor General and the new regime can't ask modification of order. We cannot touch our order and we won't change even a word of it," a visibly annoyed Chief Justice H L Dattu, who was heading the bench, said.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi's fervent plea that it can disclose names only after conducting probes on illegality of bank accounts was outright rejected by the Bench which asked the government not to do anything but provide all information to it and the court would direct investigation to be done by SIT or any other agencies including CBI.
At the end of a 30-minute hearing, Attorney General said the government has received 500 names of account holders from different countries like Germany.
The CJI asked the Centre not to indulge in any kind of probe by itself and said that investigation would never complete in his lifetime if it is done by the government.
"You do not do anything. Just pass information of account holders to us and we will pass order for further probe," the bench, also comprising justices Ranjana Prakash Desai and Madan B Lokur, said.
"We can't leave the issue of bringing back black money to government. It will never happen during our time," it said adding "Why are you providing protective umbrella to foreign bank account holders?".
The bench brushed aside the contentions of AG that disclosing account holders' names would violate their right to privacy of those who have legitimate accounts and the names can be revealed only after a prima facie case of tax evasion is made out.
"You do not have to take interest in people (having foreign bank accounts). SIT will take care of it," the bench said setting a deadline for tomorrow to place all those names.
The court directed the Centre not to give "one, two, or three names of account holders but the entire list supplied to it by the foreign countries".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bank employees to go on strike on November 12You are here: Home > Collections
Bank employees to go on strike on November 12
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.27PM IST
Tags:
ATM Networks
(United Forum of Bank Unions…)
CHENNAI: Banking services and ATM networks across the country are likely to be affected on November 12 as the United Forum of Bank Unions , an umbrella organisation comprising various employee bodies, has planned to go on a day's strike pressing for wage revision.
United Forum of Bank Unions, representing five workmen unions and four officers' association, has planned to observe one day token strike on November 12 demanding immediate settlement of wage revision for bank employees, All India Bank Employees Union, General Secretary, Ch Venkatachalam said.
"We will go for a strike on November 12. Again we will be conducting strike in zone wise in December 2", he told reporters.
He said the bank employees never lagged behind in various implementation of schemes. "In spite of the wholehearted support in implementation of the government schemes announced from time to time, the bank employees are not being comparatively paid adequately", he said.
According to Association officials, Indian Banks' Association offered only a 11.5 per cent increase in hike compared to 17.5 per cent offered in 2011-12.
"Indian Banks' Association have said that the banks are reporting losses due to huge Non-performing assets. We are not ready to accept it. We are forced to stage this protest", an official said.
Meanwhile, according to Venkatachalam, the protest in South zone would be held on December 2, North zone the next day, Eastern zone on December 4 and Western zone on December 5.
In Tamil Nadu alone thousands of employees would abstain from work and transactions of several cheques and ATM services would be affected, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Madhya Pradesh: Not allowed to watch SRK film  woman consumes acidA 21-year-old woman consumed acid in Madhya Pradesh’s Shivpuri district after her husband allegedly did not allow her to watch the Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Happy New Year, police said on Tuesday.
The woman's husband allegedly went to watch the movie alone, police added.
The incident took place on Sunday at Khaniyadhana township, about 270 km north of Bhopal.
The woman identified as Neha Sen is battling for her life at a hospital in Gwalior, said Rai Singh, the police officer in-charge of the case.
The film – which features Deepika Padukone as Khan’s love interest – was released on Friday and has already broken the first-day collection record by grossing around about Rs. 45 crore.
The police official, who recorded the woman’s statement, said that Neha’s husband Vishal allegedly cited the heavy Sunday crowd to turn down her request to watch the film.
Upset by the refusal, Neha allegedly consumed a bottle of acid, the official said. Efforts to contact the woman's husband were unsuccessful.
Neha was rushed to the district hospital in a critical condition from where she was referred to Gwalior.
Though no doctor at the Gwalior hospital was available for comments, police said the woman’s internal organs have been damaged by the acid.
Police were yet to register a case.
The official said they were studying relevant sections of law before taking a decision.

Teen arrested  another jailed as clown terror spreads in FranceTeen arrested, another jailed as clown terror spreads in France
AFP
Melun, France, October 28, 2014
First Published: 15:54 IST(28/10/2014)
print
A 14-year-old dressed as a clown was arrested on Monday near Paris for attempting to attack a woman, as a strange phenomenon of fake, evil clowns terrorising passers-by spreads in France.
Another teenager in the southern city of Montpellier was sentenced to four months in prison for hitting a passer-by 30 times with an iron bar overnight on Saturday. The teen was also kitted out as a clown.
Complaints have poured in recently over "armed clowns" wreaking havoc in various parts of the country - some carrying pistols, knives or baseball bats - and police have detained several people over the violent trend.
The phenomenon has even prompted anti-clown vigilantism, forcing police to step in to try and quell the hysteria by saying there have only been a few sightings of the grotesque pranksters.
On Monday, a woman who had just got out of her car in Chelles near Paris called the police, saying two clowns - one of whom was armed with a fake axe - had attacked her, a source said.
They escaped when a passer-by armed with a baseball bat tried to stop them, and one of the pranksters was subsequently detained when police spotted him, white make-up still all over his face.
In a separate incident just half an hour afterwards, a dozen people wearing the smiling, white masks associated with the Anonymous hacktivist collective attacked three youths at a station in Melun, also in the Paris suburbs, stealing their mobile phones, the police source added.
Trend seen in the US and Britain
The phenomenon of dressing up as an evil clown and terrifying passers-by - a trend which has also been seen in the United States and Britain - cropped up in the north of France in early October.
In the town of Bethune, a 19-year-old received a six-month suspended jail term last week for threatening passers-by while dressed as a clown.
These "clowns" have been "mostly spotted outside schools, but also on public roads, in bushes, in a square. Their targets are often young children or teenagers, but also adults," a police source in northern France told AFP.
And the phenomenon has spread to the south of the country.
Police on Saturday night arrested 14 teenagers dressed as clowns and carrying weapons in the Mediterranean port town of Agde.
In Montpellier, meanwhile, the victim of the fake clown told the court that the costumed assailant had chased him, yelling "give me everything, your telephone, your money, your briefcase," and added he had trouble sleeping and had nightmares since the assault.
The attacker, meanwhile, admitted he was drunk.
Theories abound as to the origin of this trend of violence in a country where Halloween has barely made any inroads.
The suggestions include a challenge launched on social networks, popular videos on YouTube showing a terrifying clown pranking people, or even a recent episode of the popular TV series American Horror Story featuring Twisty the killer clown.

China opposes exploration in South China SeaChina opposed to exploration that violates sovereignty in South China Sea
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
China
(China today warned that…)
BEIJING: China today warned that it will firmly oppose any exploration activity in South China Sea if it undermines its "sovereignty and interests", hours after India inked a pact with Vietnam for exploration in two additional oil and gas blocks in the the resource-rich area.
"As for the likely exploration of South China Sea oil fields between Vietnam and India, I want to say that China's position is consistent and clear," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.
Hong was reacting to reports of India accepting Vietnam's offer of additional blocks for oil exploration during the current visit by Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung to New Delhi.
"China has indisputable sovereignty over the Nansha islands. Any lawful and justifiable oil exploration activity in the South China Sea is fine by us. But if such activity undermines sovereignty and interests of China we are firmly opposed to this," he said.
"Currently South China maintains tranquillity in general. I wish all countries do more things that are conducive to the peace and stability of the South China Sea," Hong said.
China refers to Spartly islands which is comprised of more than 750 reefs, islets and atolls as Nansha islands.
China's claims of sovereignty to almost all of the South China Sea put it on collision course with Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
The ONGC has explored some wells in the past but did not find significant oil deposits.
China had struck a similar posture when Vietnam offered new wells to India during President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Hanoi in September.
Mukherjee dismissed Chinese objections saying that the ONGC is exploring in the South China Sea from 1988.
"This is just a commercial action. There shouldn't be any political angularity to be looked into it," he had said.
The oil exploration in the South China Sea is a sensitive issue as China's efforts to explore oil in May this year resulted in massive showdown between China and Vietnam with their ships colliding with each other for days.
Some Chinese were killed and over a hundred injured in anti-China riots in Vietnam. After that, the two sides are now trying to rebuild their relations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meeting Picasso in CoimbatoreUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:58 IST
Meeting Picasso in Coimbatore
The Hindu Meeting Picasso At an event celebrating the artist’s birthday; one of Picasso’s paintings. Photo: K. Ananthan
Special arrangement Buste d'homme, a painting by Pablo Picasso
TOPICS
arts (general)
A session by storyteller Rohini Christopher introduced children to Pablo Picasso and his art
Wally can not believe his luck. He has just bumped into Pablo Picasso at a paint shop. The four-year old whale, who also loves to paint, had tagged along with his Mamma, to buy some paints. On seeing Picasso at the shop, Wally is overwhelmed and runs to the artist and tells him how much he admires his work. Picasso finds Wally sweet and curious. He draws a portrait of Wally and gifts it to him.
The children at Book Mark Library and Activity Centre, sit wide-eyed as they listen to this tale of friendship between the twentieth-century painter and the whale, rendered by story-teller and co rporate communication trainer Rohini Christopher. She also draws a portrait of Wally and says, “See this is similar to what Picasso drew for him. Now I can’t draw as well as Picasso, alright,” she winks.
Even though the face resembles that of a baby whale, Rohini draws triangles and squares to complete the body of Wally. “Now, what do you think was Picasso drawing?” Rohini asks the children.
A six-year-old pipes up, “Abstract art!” and another girl exclaims, “Cubism!” Rohini introduces the children to Cubism and tells the main features of this art form.
By blending songs, drama and stories, Rohini initiates the children into the world of Pablo Picasso. The event is held by Book Mark Library and Activity Centre to celebrate the birthday of the Spanish painter.
Next, Rohini shows the children a painting by Picasso and asks them to interpret it.
“A lion! A box! A book!,” they scream. “I also see a castle,” chips in a boy who is perched on the book shelf. A girl lunges forward, peers closely into the screen and declares, “It has both a man’s and woman’s face!”
“See this is something special about Picasso’s paintings. You can interpret it in any way you want!” explains Rohini.
Rohini also asks them to spot the main shades of colours on Picasso’s canvas. She points them to the differences between warm and cool colours. “You use warm colours for happiness, anger and hot weather. And cool colours like blue and green to depict mellow moods. From 1901 to 1904, Picasso painted only in blue. It is called the blue period of his life because he lost a dear friend.” Next, it is time for a Picasso anecdote. “Once, an admirer requested the artist to draw his face on a sheet of paper. Picasso agreed but once he finished drawing he asked for 25,000 dollars!”
“Twenty-five thousand dollars!” the children gasp.
“Yes, this was exactly the response of the bewildered man too,” continues Rohini. “But you know what Picasso said? He said, ‘I am charging for the 40 years of struggle that has made me what I am now’.”
Rohini also tells another story of how Picasso was sent to the detention centre when he was young. But, unlike other boys he was not bored, reminds Rohini. “He had his sketches for company,” she smiles. Initially the whole world pooh-poohed Picasso’s drawings but later recognised his genius.
“He used to say, ‘I kept on doing what others told me not to do’.” Rohini urges the children to keep on imagining like the great painter did. She adds that every child is a natural artist.
The story-teller concludes the session by quoting the artist himself: “Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.”
Rohini, who was an IT professional, used to enjoy telling stories to her little daughter, Nivedita. The passion caught on and she quit her job to turn into a story-teller. She pursued a course on story-telling with Kathalaya, a Bangalore-based institute. “It was a fun course. There were people from different backgrounds- home makers, teachers and entrepreneurs.”
But, it is not compulsory to do a course to become a story-teller, she feels. “Everyone is a story-teller. However, a specialised training will help you build a stronger bond with the children.”And story telling can be a great tool to introduce children to new concepts and lessons.
“For instance, for today’s show the idea was to get the children know that there is somebody called Picasso. We wanted to kindle a curiosity in the children so that they go back home and read. And, perhaps, after some years, when they learn about him in school, they will relate to him better.”
Flat Stanley Project
Book Mark Library and Activity Centre initiates the ‘Flat Stanley’ project. Flat Stanley was a character born out of the imagination of English author Jeff Brown in 1964 in his children’s book of the same name.
Stanley is an enthusiastic boy who went flat because a board fell on him when he was asleep. Since then he has been roaming the world making new friends and learning new things!
The Flat Stanley project was initiated in the U.S to introduce children to the joy of letter writing. It connects children across the globe through their Flat Stanley flyers. Children exchange them and write to each other about the cultural, historical and geographic information about their cities.
And now, it is time for the kids in Coimbatore to join in the fun! Book Mark has received the Flat Stanley flyers from Taiwan, Dublin and France. Children will be formed into groups of four and will be made in-charge of a Flat Stanley.
They will have to click pictures with it at various locations in the city and give a brief note about the place. Book Mark will also host joint poetry and storytelling sessions for children in different countries. For details and registration, call 90958-11777.
Register before October 30.

China s richest personPrint
Forbes names Alibaba founder Jack Ma richest person in China
This is the first time Jack Ma, a former English teacher, has topped the Forbes annual ranking of China's richest
The man behind Alibaba: Jack Ma Watch
The founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba, Jack Ma, is China's richest person with a fortune of $19.5bn (£12bn), Forbes Media said.
Mr Ma's wealth more than doubled from last year's $7.1bn after his company's record-setting share sale in September.
Entertainment firm Wanda's chief executive Wang Jianlin was knocked out of first place into fourth.
The total number of billionaires in China rose to 242 this year from 168 in 2013, the Forbes annual ranking showed.
Mr Ma, a former English teacher, started the company 15 years ago. Alibaba is now valued at more than $240bn.
It is seen as an industry leader commanding more than 80% of China's significant online e-commerce market.
Earlier this year Mr Ma also topped another rich list, China-based Hurun, which put his wealth at a much higher $25bn.
Robin Li of internet company Baidu, which is known as China's Google, was in second position with an estimated net worth of $14.7bn, up from $11.1bn the year before.
Ma Huateng, also known as Pony Ma, of Tencent, China's biggest online firm, held third position. The company is the parent of the most popular messaging app in China WeChat.
His personal wealth jumped from $14.4bn, up from $10.2bn billion a year ago.
More on This Story

Nifty Climbs to 1-Month Closing HighIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex and Nifty rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a shot in the arm after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Lenders also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year as slumping crude prices are expected to ease inflationary pressures.
Hopes for a loosening of monetary policy were also spurred after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he favoured a cut in interest rates, during an interview with a newspaper last week.
Also helping Tuesday's gains were higher global stocks ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meet, where it is expected to reinforce that a softly-softly approach would be taken to raising rates.
"Interest rates, inflation, reform cycle... everything is in India's favour but it will come down to the Fed's language on rates for the near-term direction," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer at Future Generali India Life Insurance.
The Sensex rose 0.48 per cent, or 127.92 points, to end at 26,880.82. The broader Nifty gained 0.45 per cent, or 35.90 points, to end at 8,027.60, above the psychologically important 8,000 level.
Both indexes rose for a sixth day in seven and marked their highest close since Sept. 22.
Ranbaxy surged 5.9 per cent and was among the leading gainers on the index after swinging to a net profit in the July-September quarter, helped by the exclusive US launch of a generic version of Novartis AG's blood pressure pill Diovan.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring Ranbaxy, rose 4.2 per cent.
Cipla rose 2.9 per cent, while Aurobindo Pharma finished higher 3 per cent.
Lenders rose amid continued hopes of a rate cut and reforms in the sector. State Bank of India closed up 2.3 pe rcent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended higher 1.8 per cent.
Ruchi Soya Industries rose 1.9 per cent. Government is considering raising import taxes on crude and refined vegetable oils to protect local farmers and the refining industry, two government sources said.
However, Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of its September-quarter results on Thursday. Traders worried the company's same-store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.32Rupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
Mumbai: The rupee ended slightly weaker on Tuesday, recovering from a nearly two-week low hit earlier, as oil importers stepped up dollar purchases ahead of the end of the month, while overall sentiment was cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve's policy meeting.
The rupee is still headed for a monthly gain in October, having been supported by continued foreign flows into the debt and stock markets and the announcement of several government reforms, including in the prices for diesel.
Analysts say global factors are likely to be the most important factor for the rupee in the near term.
The Fed is likely to announce an end to its massive bond-buying stimulus, while simultaneously assuring it will wait a long while before raising interest rates at the end of its two-day policy meeting ending Wednesday.
"On INR, even though the domestic economy is doing well, we continue to perceive significant risk going forward and INR may touch 64.00 sometime between now and March 2015," said Samir Lodha, managing director at QuantArt Market Solutions.
"The exact timing of the move is difficult to predict but the move will likely be driven by a global risk-off triggered either by a hawkish stance from the Fed or a further slowdown in global growth."
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.32/33 per dollar, weaker from its Monday's close of 61.30/31.
The rupee earlier hit an intraday low of 61.41 to the dollar, its weakest since Oct. 17, due to dollar purchases from some banks tied to demand from oil importers, traders said.
During the session, some state-owned banks also stepped up defence-related dollar purchases, traders said.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.57, while the three-month contract was at 62.17.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Fed more dovish: CNBC surveyfed more dovish: cnbc survey
Futures rise ahead of data  Twitter tumblesWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

SC slamms govt over non-disclosure of blackmoney a/c holdersSC slamms govt over non-disclosure of blackmoney a/c holders
Sun TV Network: Q2 results on Nov 07  2014Sun TV Network: Q2 results on Nov 07  2014
Orient Refractories to hold board meetingOrient Refractories to hold board meeting
Apparel exports register growth of 17.6% in April-September 2014Apparel exports register growth of 17.6% in April-September 2014
Fadnavis elected new Maha CM | RSS roots & Modi s backing make him a winnerFadnavis elected new Maha CM | RSS roots & Modi s backing make him a winner
Devendra Fadnavis elected as Maharashtra Chief MinisterDevendra Fadnavis elected as Maharashtra Chief Minister
SRF Q2 profit jumps 60.87 per cent to Rs 76.85 croreSRF Q2 profit jumps 60.87 per cent to Rs 76.85 crore
Raw sugar incentive of Rs 4000/mt not enough: SakhtiRaw sugar incentive of Rs 4000/mt not enough: Sakhti
Rupee ends bit weaker on oil firms  month-end dollar demandRupee ends bit weaker on oil firms  month-end dollar demand
ING Vysya Bank Q2 beats forecast  profit up 2% to Rs 180 crOct 28, 2014, 05.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ING Vysya Bank Q2 beats forecast, profit up 2% to Rs 180 cr
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and interest expended, grew by 12.8 percent to Rs 496.86 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 440.34 crore in same quarter last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ING Vysya Bank Q2 beats forecast, profit up 2% to Rs 180 cr
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and interest expended, grew by 12.8 percent to Rs 496.86 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 440.34 crore in same quarter last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Private sector lender  ING Vysya Bank surpassed street expectations with the second quarter net profit rising 2 percent year-on-year to Rs 180 crore led by other income but impacted by higher provisions. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 176.3 crore.
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and interest expended, grew by 12.8 percent to Rs 496.86 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 440.34 crore in same quarter last year. Other income (non-interest income) climbed 23.8 percent on yearly basis to Rs 228.64 crore in the quarter gone by.
Profit was expected at Rs 171 crore (down 3 percent) and net interest income at Rs 484 crore (up 10 percent) for the quarter, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Provisions jumped 176 percent year-on-year (halved sequentially) to Rs 49.7 crore during September quarter.
On the asset quality front, gross non-performing assets (NPAs) declined 13 basis points (down 80 bps quarter-on-quarter) to 1.59 percent while net NPAs rose 23 bps Y-o-Y (down 45 bps Q-o-Q) to 0.42 percent in second quarter of current financial year 2014-15.
RELATED NEWS

HDFC Bank  ICICI Bank Among Top Picks of UBSYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank Among Top Picks of UBS
Published On:                  October 22, 2014                 | Duration: 21 min, 12 sec

How to save on holiday giftsBy Bethonie Butler October 24 Follow @bethoniebutler
(Reuters/Eric Thayer)
It’s late October, meaning the holidays (and possibly your in-laws) will be here before you know it.
But if you’re stressing about how to afford gifts for everyone on your list, you’re probably going about your holiday shopping the wrong way.
While we’re just weeks away from the holiday season – just 61 days until Christmas – there are steps you can take now to save money. We asked  J.J. Montanaro , a financial planner for USAA, and Anna Newell Jones, who writes about living frugally on her blog, And Then We Saved , for some tips on how to cut costs on your holiday haul.
Set a budget — and stick to it
A list will help you avoid impulse purchases and keep track of how much you plan to spend, say Montanaro and Jones. Be sure to discuss your plan with family members and think about how you might alter your holiday gift-giving traditions — maybe you’ll eliminate gifts for adults in your family or set a price limit for the gifts you do buy. Jones also suggests thinking outside of the (gift) box. “Talk with your family about how you can all work to shift the focus onto the creation of holiday traditions instead of thinking so much about material items,” she says.
If you’re worried about not meeting the expectations of your friends or family members, your best bet is to just be honest. Jones, who started her blog to chronicle paying off nearly $24,000 in debt, says those conversations don’t have to be awkward. “I think just kind of being up front and forthright about where you’re at is so helpful and I found it’s really refreshing to a lot of people to just come out and talk about it.”
Create a short-term savings goal
Back in the day, banks offered special accounts known as Christmas Clubs that allowed you to tuck away extra money year-round in anticipation of the holidays. Mobile banking makes this concept a lot easier. Banks such as  PNC and Simple allow you to create short-term savings goals, dedicated to upcoming events or big-ticket purchases. Consider creating one exclusively for the gift-giving season. (Bonus points if you’ve already done this.)
If your bank doesn’t offer such plans, look to online programs such as  SmartyPig , which lets you set specific savings goals and a timeframe to reach your desired amount. You could schedule a $50 withdrawal from your bank account every two weeks and end up with a couple hundred dollars in your goal savings account come December. With SmartyPig, you can also transfer your savings to gift cards , an option that increases your savings by an additional percentage.
And if you’re worried about finding the money to save, Montanaro suggests getting creative — from selling old stuff to cutting back on extras like your morning Starbucks runs or dinners out with friends. If you go that route, Montanaro says it’s important to “turn that good behavior into savings right away.” So don’t let the money sit in your wallet — transfer it to your savings or stash it in an envelope.
Regift (yes, really)
If you decide to scale back on the gifts you usually buy, it doesn’t mean that you have to stop the gift-giving tradition altogether. One option is regifting. “It’s not that bad as long as the thought is still there,” says Jones.
If you’re regifting a present, make sure it’s because you know your friend/family member will like the gift and get use out of it — not because it just happens to be lying around. And remember, it doesn’t have to be a traditional regift. Subscription services like Birchbox , which send customers a curated batch of products each month around beauty, lifestyle or other themes, may present regifting opportunities, so be sure to keep track of unopen products that might suit someone in your gift-giving circle.
Do it yourself 
And while you’re thinking differently about gift exchange taboos, consider do-it-yourself gifts. You may not be a master knitter, but maybe you bake an amazing banana bread or you’ve come up with a great body scrub recipe. Look to Pinterest or DIY sites like P.S. I Made This… for inspiration. You’ll have to factor in material costs and make sure you have the skills and time required, but the DIY approach can help you save money while still adding a personal touch to your gifts.
If you’re going to use credit, use it wisely
If you’ve ever relied too heavily on credit cards during the holiday season, you know what it feels like when the bills start rolling in after the New Year. But if you’ve already done the work of setting a budget and saving the necessary funds, you don’t have to rule out your credit cards completely.
“I don’t think there’s anything wrong with it as long as it’s done in a way that’s within their budget and is not a tool to extend them to spend what they don’t have,” Montanaro says.
Take advantage of reward programs
Credit cards may actually come in handy at holiday time if your card offers rewards — and you know how to maximize them .
“It may be that some of the hard work is already behind you. You just have to take advantage of it,” Montanaro says. Some credit cards allow you to put points toward gift cards or merchandise that might already be on your list. Others offer cash back for certain purchases. You may also have access to similar rewards through travel programs.
Look for deals online and on mobile apps
Looking for discount codes and  free shipping deals  is kind of a no-brainer. It’s also an incentive to shop year-round and not just in the weeks leading up to the holiday season, something both Montanaro and Jones recommend.
Programs like Ebates  and Ibotta  (available on Android and iPhone) offer cash or gift card rebates for shopping at certain stores. You can look for discounted gift cards on sites such as Raise.com  or Gift Card Granny  or through service-based reward programs like Verizon Smart Rewards . But some rewards may come at a cost, so as Time points out , it’s important to read the fine print. Weigh whether the discounts you’re finding are worth the extra time and effort and any data you may be sharing with companies as a result.
Related:

Sensex Seen at 35 000 by December 2015: Citrus AdvisorsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Sensex Seen at 35,000 by December 2015: Citrus Advisors
Published On:                  October 23, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 30 sec
Tweet
Sanjay Sinha, founder of Citrus Advisors, says earnings of Sensex companies may rise to Rs 1,950-Rs 2,000 by FY17. Based on an earnings multiple of 17-18 times, the market will start factoring in a level of 35,000 by December 2015 for the index, he adds.

How big data can help your business  big or smallHow big data can help your business, big or small
Big data
Anatoliy Babiy / Getty Images/iStockphoto
Big data can help your business, whether it is big or small.
Big data can help your business, whether it is big or small. (Anatoliy Babiy / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Benny Thompson, The Nerdery
How you and your business can use big data to solve your problems...big or small.
In recent years, you’ve probably heard a lot about “big data” or Apache Hadoop but little of it has been enlightening or inspiring (maybe a bit mysterious like a good twist to a movie). Big data is really just a buzz word for now, but it’s what we use when we’re talking about a collection of large and complex data sets that are analyzed to reveal patterns. Some say it’s solving big problems for big businesses like Google, US Bank, and other large enterprises out there. Some say it’s too complicated for “an ordinary developer” to do. We’ll try to answer some of these questions, dispel some of these myths, and most importantly, show you how you and your business can use big data to solve your problems… big or small.
0
Big data isn’t always about solving “big” problems as much as it is about discovery. Yes, there are many case studies out there dealing with large amounts of data that benefit from technologies like Hadoop, a technology that enables you to manage and analyze data in ways you couldn’t in the past. But there are also those that could still benefit from similar toolsets, that don’t require a large dataset.
Doesn’t it cost a lot though?
Another misconception is that big data costs big dollars. Especially with advanced platforms like Amazon Web Services (AWS) and new emerging technologies like Apache Spark, this couldn’t be further from the truth. Amazon Web Services is known as a large player in site hosting, but it’s not as well known for its capabilities for processing data. Spark is an attempt to generalize Hadoop’s specific way of approaching data analysis, and advertises major speed improvements. Pairing the two enables your business to solve a world of problems with concise resources.
Yeah right…
As an arbitrary example, let’s say you support a legal entity with tons of paperwork coming through daily. All of this paperwork is scanned and turned into text using optical character recognition (OCR), but you are operating on a shoestring budget. The analysis you are running is simple, you’re building an index of words found, but you have lots of text from the massive amounts of paperwork to churn through. You likely don’t need heavy hardware to run the analysis, but using more hardware could reduce the processing time. In this case, if you ran a Hadoop cluster on AWS with 50 instances of a very basic virtual machine for two hours every night, it would cost about $100 per month. That’s not bad for 50 machines, right? Compare that to spending tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars on hardware, cooling, employees, fixing, replacing, upgrading… you get the point. Take it a step further and consider the massive amount of flexibility you have to build out the solution that makes sense for your business.
Okay, now what?
If you’re looking for a new way to bring more value to your business, consider data science and big data technologies. Replace or supplement that clunky data warehouse with an inexpensive, more flexible alternative like Hadoop. Consider the opportunity to gather more data and stop worrying about gathering too much data. (Get rid of those retention policies and focus on your archiving strategies.) In other words, try turning what you used to see as a trash can into real money for your business.

Positive on PSU Banks: Deven ChokseyYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Positive on PSU Banks: Deven Choksey
Published On:                  October 27, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 26 sec
Tweet
Deven Choksey, MD  of KR Choksey Securities, said the government's actions in reviving the power sector will also benefit public sector banks whose assets are locked up in some power-generating companies. Along with the easing of pressure in non-performing assets, a likely fall in interest rates will also benefit the public sector banks, he added.

Partha Bhattacharya on Commercial Mining of CoalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Partha Bhattacharya on Commercial Mining of Coal
Published On:                  October 27, 2014                 | Duration: 16 min, 44 sec

Rate Cut to Have Limited Impact on Industry: AV RajwadeYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Rate Cut to Have Limited Impact on Industry: AV Rajwade
Published On:                  October 27, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 17 sec

How you would fix Social Security: Tax higher earningsBy Martha M. Hamilton October 27
(Illustration by Melinda Beck)
About a month ago, the Post invited readers to chime in on what they thought were the best ways to fix Social Security . 
With the help of the Center for Retirement Research , we presented an array of 12 solutions commonly suggested for the retirement system, which is projected to be so depleted that it will be unable to pay full benefits by 2033.  Then we asked readers to pick the options they would consider.
 
This week we’re reporting on the solutions that have resonated with the most readers. We’re tallying the results we’ve seen so far, but you can still check out the graphic and choose the solutions you think would work best. 
If you make more, you should pay more.
The most popular solution, chosen in 71 percent of the nearly 3,600 votes submitted as of last week, was a proposal to gradually raise the amount of earnings on which Social Security taxes must be paid over 10 years until 90 percent of all earnings are covered. Today only an estimated 82.5 percent of all earnings are covered.
The difference? This year, a worker stops having to pay Social Security tax on any earnings beyond $117,000. For some workers, that means a bump in take-home pay each paycheck after. But if 90 percent of all earnings were covered and taxed by Social Security, the earnings cap would be $250,200, based on the intermediate assumptions of the 2014 Social Security Trustees Report. Even though plans to raise the cap would also include increasing benefits for higher earners, this change would still erase 20 percent of Social Security’s projected shortfall in 2033, the year in which it would no longer be able to pay full benefits.
This change would touch very few workers, so maybe it’s no surprise it was the most frequently chosen solution in a survey that allowed readers to choose more than one solution. The Social Security Administration estimates that only 5.7 percent of all workers will exceed the cap this year. Many of the 94.3 percent of workers who pay the tax on every dollar they earn don’t even realize there is an earnings cap.
But interest in increasing the earnings cap also underlines an important reason that Social Security is vulnerable to running out of enough money to pay full benefits. Although the increase in life expectancy and the retirement of the baby boom are often fingered as the culprits, “more of the shortfall is caused by slow and unequal wage gains,” said Monique Morrissey of the Economic Policy Institute.
Even way back in 1983, the last time steps were taken to keep Social Security on a solid footing and when the oldest baby boomers were a mere 37,  folks involved in fixing Social Security could foresee the baby boom’s eventual retirement and forecast that there would be fewer workers paying taxes per retiree receiving Social Security benefits, Morrissey said.
“The estimate of the future relationship between beneficiaries and workers was just about the same in 1983,when the program was last in balance,” according to a report by the 1994-1996 Advisory Council on Social Security. “In other words, the fundamental ratio of beneficiaries to workers was fully taken into account in the 1983 financing provisions and, as a matter of fact, was known and taken into account well before that.”
But there was an unforeseen change in the economic landscape that has led to less money than expected flowing into Social Security; a slowdown in the average wage index, which is used to calculate increases in  the Social Security earnings cap. Adjusting the cap based on that index was expected to help prevent erosion in the percentage of earnings taxed, which had been 92 percent at the beginning of the program in 1937 and, after amendments to the Social Security Act in 1977 reached 90 percent in 1983.
But it didn’t work because wage growth slowed. In the five years leading up to 1983, the average annual wage increase as calculated by Social Security was 8.256 percent. In the five years leading up to 2014, the average was 1.676 percent. Certainly the Great Recession had something to do with the slowdown–the average wage index went down by 1.51 percent in 2009, the year the recession hit bottom.
But the slowdown in wages also reflects the growth in income inequality in the U.S. because the earnings of the most highly paid workers have grown faster than average earnings.
The Federal Reserve Board’s Survey of Consumer Finance released in September found that the top 3 percent of families accounted for 30.5 percent of income in 2013, down slightly from a pre-recession high of 31.4 percent in 2007 but up substantially from about 25 percent in 1989. The bottom 90 percent of families’ share of income fell to 52.7 percent while the share of income for the 7 percent of families in the top 10 percent of earners but not in the top 3 percent, stayed at about 17 percent. The data “confirm that the shares of income and wealth held by affluent families are at modern historically high levels,” according to the study. It also notes that “the gains in income and wealth shares have been concentrated among the top few percentiles of the distribution.”
In other words, the very rich are getting very much richer with a relatively small percentage of their earnings subject to Social Security taxes. For instance, someone with $500,000 in annual earnings would be out from under today’s $117,000 earnings cap in about three months.
Since benefits are based on earnings, raising the earnings cap would mean that better-off recipients would also have their benefits increased, although not in proportion to their increased taxes. That is because Social Security benefits are structured to replace more of the earnings of the lowest earning recipients and a smaller percent of the income of top earners.
But raising the cap “would constitute a massive tax increase on high earners, effectively adding 12 percentage points to the top tax rate,” argues Andrew G. Biggs, resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
Biggs said that after all new tax rates and the elimination of exemptions are included, the top marginal tax rate is about 43 percent today. Eliminating the cap for Social Security “would raise that top rate into the 60s, and adding state income taxes could leave many high earners paying 70 percent” in taxes on the highest portion of their earnings.
“Most European countries have long since abandoned such high tax rates,” said Biggs. “It would be ironic and economically damaging if the U.S. replicated them.”
Still, other surveys also have found support for raising the cap. A National Academy of Social Insurance survey released in January, 2013 found that 7 out of 10 surveyed backed a combination of changes including raising the earnings cap gradually over 10 years until the wage cap disappeared entirely.
On the other hand, Biggs noted that President Franklin Roosevelt’s original design for Social Security didn’t include the wealthy as participants, either as tax payers or recipients. But the exemption for the wealthy was eliminated when the program was implemented, Biggs said, “to differentiate Social Security from a welfare program. That’s been a key to the political support for the program: there’s a strong perception that people have paid for the benefits they’re receiving, versus a welfare plan where one group pays and a different group receives.
“Eliminating the payroll tax ceiling would alter Social Security in a pretty fundamental way, such that high earners wouldn’t feel the same stake in preserving the program,” he said.
Read More:

6 Reasons Travelers Are Upgrading to iPhone 6 and 6 Plusreddit
My husband just purchased an iPhone 6 Plus in anticipation of a long trip next month, and I'm pondering whether to get that version, or the slightly smaller iPhone 6. For the past couple of weeks, I've been writing down questions, and talking with my friendly local geniuses and not-quite-geniuses-but-smarter-about-devices-than-I-am, and they're  helping me understand the best features of this much-lauded Apple device.
Especially if you're a frequent traveler, consider these six factors, emphasized by Apple developers as the main improvements in this newest, long-awaited upgrade:
The iPhone 6 Plus
Larger Screen: The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus screens are 4.7 inches, and  5.5 inches, matching the screen sizes of rival smartphones. My husband opted for the Plus, mostly because he uses his device as an away-from-home office, and appreciates the biggest screen. The enlarged size took him a bit of getting used to handling, and the iPhone 6 Plus fits in his shirt pocket with just an edge showing, which doesn't bother him. My iPhone 5s now looks a bit chunky compared to the newer, slimmer versions  (clever designers).
Durable Screen: New iPhone screens have "ion strengthened" glass, so breakage is less likely than before. This is different from waterproofing, which some rival smartphones claim. I once dropped my earlier model iPhone into a toilet and despite burying it in rice and chanting to the techie gods, it never revived. I was hoping I would never have to worry about drowning a phone again, especially when I'm traveling far from an Apple store. Maybe next iteration.
Improved Camera: Carrying a separate camera on trips is now unnecessary, except maybe for pros who need special lenses and the highest res possible. The new iPhones still have 8 megapixels, but we compared images on old and new smartphones and yes, photos are now noticeably sharper, with faster, more precise autofocus, and better sensors. Blurry photos from unsteady hand-holding, like when you're sticking out the car window to catch the moose crossing the road, are less of a problem because of greatly improved image stabilization. You now can also take a timed selfie, and shoot creative slow-motion video, wonderful for capturing moments you can share from your travels and for dog-and-pony presentations. Fabulous improvements.
Travel-Related Features and Apps: The iO8s platform that comes with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (and can be upgraded on earlier models) means many apps have been updated, and are included on the smartphones. You can now go into messages, touch and hold the mic, and record an audio message, especially great when you want to reach family or business in different time zones. You can automatically arrange photo albums, and use many other new editing possibilities.
Other apps of note for travelers: Snapseed with innovative photo editing; Hipmunk, providing creative travel ideas and highlighting offbeat accommodations;  iBooks, offering lots of freebies to read as you travel, in an attempt to overtake Kindle's popularity with  Apple users; HomeKit, allowing you to control connected home security and smart-home devices through Siri, so you can make sure the garage door is closed and the aircon is set at 68 when you're in Kabul and your home is in Great Neck.
Longer Battery Life: Travelers count on batteries, especially if we're lost on a lonely road in Romania or need to cover a meeting. The geniuses claim that the iPhone 6 will last 25 percent longer on 3G browsing than the iPhone 5S, and that the iPhone 6 Plus will last even longer. Batteries aren't removable, so backup spares aren't possible, as they are in some rival phones. I don't like that part, and because the iPhone 6 Plus has a longer battery life, I'll probably choose it over the 6.
Mobile Wallets: iPhones 6 and 6 Plus (and the upcoming Apple Watch) are set for making contactless  payments, and Apple Pay is now available in the United States, and maybe soon in other areas. Starting this month, you can securely store credit card information in the smartphone and use it as a credit card, using the iPhone's Touch ID fingerprint sensor at the few places this new system is accepted. Uber has already announced Apple Pay integration services. Others will follow, and it does seems a long-term terrific system, especially for travelers.
Follow Lea Lane on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lealane
More:

Starter portfolio can help younger savers build 401(k)Not surprisingly, young workers tend to have low balances. So when they switch jobs, their savings may be cashed out by default.
"A big driver is the account balance," said Jeanne Thompson, a vice president at Fidelity.
Rob Arnott, founder of Newport Beach, Calif.-based Research Affiliates, worries that another trend is at play, too. In a recent paper he co-wrote, Arnott argues job insecurity leads 20-somethings to use their 401(k) as emergency savings.
From January 1990 to mid-2014, the average unemployment rate for workers ages 20 to 24 was 10 percent, compared with 6 percent for 25- to 34-year-olds and 5 percent for 35- to 44-year-olds.
"A lot of young people can't afford to set aside a rainy-day fund and fund their 401(k)," Arnott said. "So when bad things happen, you withdraw from it," referring to the 401(k).
Making the problem worse, young investors are more likely to lose their job during a recession, which typically follows a downturn in the stock market. As a result, you lock in losses. Taxes and a penalty of 10 percent, charged when you take money out of your 401(k) before age 591/2 , further deplete your savings.
"It's not nice," Arnott said.
To minimize the financial hit, Arnott says young workers should have a starter portfolio when they first begin saving in their 401(k).
The starter portfolio would have an allocation to foreign and U.S. stocks of only 40 to 50 percent. Another 20 percent or so would be invested in bonds. The remaining amount (30 to 40 percent) should be kept in investments that protect against inflation and don't move in sync with stocks and bonds, such as Treasury inflation-protected securities and real estate investment trusts.
In contrast, most target-date funds, which own a mix of stock and bond funds appropriate for your retirement date, would have 80 percent or more in stocks for a young investor.
Arnott says your portfolio should have big doses of stocks only once your job prospects improve or you've built up some savings, either in your 401(k) or in a bank savings account.
One way to follow Arnott's advice would be to opt for a target-date fund in your 401(k) that's aimed at older workers. These funds will likely have less exposure to stocks.
With this approach, though, you have to remember to increase your stock holdings as your savings and job security grow.
Worried you may forget? Then start off with small contributions to your 401(k) and shift the bulk of your savings toward an emergency cash fund.
"Once you have an emergency fund, you're fine to take on more risk in your portfolio," Arnott said.

DGCA asked to end low faresUpdated: October 28, 2014 00:05 IST
DGCA asked to end low fares
Special Correspondent
air transport
The Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) has asked the Directorate General of Civil Aviation to put an end to special schemes, offering ‘non-existent’ low fares by various domestic airlines.
The association has preferred the issue after receiving complaints from air passengers that they were not able to access the website or on logging were unable to make a booking and the advertised fare for a particular sector was sold out.
Association President Sudhakar Reddy said, “These promotional offers are nothing but a fraud on the passenger. How many tickets have been sold under this special fair? They have to inform the DGCA about the fares they are offering, but none of the airline companies has disclosed details about their promotional offers. Besides, how can multiple airlines do it at the same time? This is nothing but cartelisation.”
Mentioning it was a routine practice by the airlines to announce special offers once in 10-15 days, He drew DGCA’s attention on the latest offers APAI wanted to know from the DGCA whether the carriers informed it of the percentage of seats offered under the special fares, the quantum allocated for each type of fare under the bucket pricing method.

Reminder: Quarantines still cant stop Ebola from getting into the U.S.By Mark Berman October 27 Follow @markberman
An undated image provided by University of Texas at Arlington showing Kaci Hickox, a nurse who had been quarantined by the state of New Jersey despite not showing any symptoms. (University of Texas at Arlington via AP)
The mandatory quarantine orders  announced Friday by the governors of New York and New Jersey were not very well-received. Aid groups like Doctors Without Borders and various medical experts spoke out against quarantining medical workers returning from Ebola-stricken West Africa because they fear such quarantines will make it harder to recruit people to go to West Africa in the first place. Some questions have also been raised about the legality of these quarantines .
There is also another problem with these quarantines: They won’t work. They will stop some people with Ebola from getting into the United States, but they cannot possibly stop every person with Ebola from getting into the United States. Quarantining aid workers will not stop more cases of Ebola from coming to the United States any more than checking the temperatures of travelers from Ebola-stricken countries could.
We do not live in a world where you can catch every instance of a virus that gestates for up to three weeks, could infect a person without their knowledge and cannot be detected for some or all of that infection period. We do, however, live in a world of porous borders and unpredictable events. Even if we do everything right and prepare for every possible eventuality, something will happen for which we did not or could not prepare.
Take the enhanced screening at U.S. airports , a measure announced more than a week after Thomas Duncan because the  first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States. (The first of only four confirmed cases so far, I might add, a fact that seems to be drowned out by the contagion of panic .) It is extremely unlikely that the enhanced screening, which involves temperature checks and detailed questionnaires, would have flagged Duncan during his trip from Liberia to Texas, because he had no fever when he traveled, and later said he had no idea he had the virus. Duncan, who died Oct. 8, also said he had not cared for a person with Ebola on a questionnaire he filled out at the Liberian airport. These measures could not possibly stop every case because they simply cannot account for every case.
The two nurses who contracted Ebola while caring for Duncan — the only two people to have contracted Ebola in the United States (so far) — also speak to the unpredictability of fighting a virus that needs specific conditions and narrow windows in which to infect people. They were health-care workers with training, operating in a medical facility that had protective equipment, and they still contracted the virus. They were not being monitored when they left work or, as we later learned, told not to travel on commercial airplanes .
People who treat patients with Ebola in the United States are not the people we typically think of when we talk about monitoring possible Ebola cases in this country. And New York Mayor Bill de Blasio commented on this when asked, a day after his city’s Ebola diagnosis, if the nurses caring for Craig Spencer in Manhattan were being monitored or isolated. “We need the best people, the most capable people, doing this work and we need to protect them, but they also do have the rest of their lives,” de Blasio said during a news conference last Friday. “So long as they’re taking those precautions, we can make that work.”
We still do not know how the nurses in Dallas were infected. We also do not know how Spencer, who worked for Doctors Without Borders in Guinea, contracted the illness. We may never know, as authorities have said. What we do know is that Ebola is known as a “caregivers disease,” as it generally afflicts those who take care of people with Ebola (or handle the bodies of Ebola victims).
Even if you look beyond our borders and focus on the nexus of Ebola on this planet — the epidemic that continues to be a living nightmare in West Africa, with more than 10,000 cases and more than 4,000 deaths so far — there is still no realistic way to keep the virus from making its way to the United States. Let’s say, for instance, that the U.S. airport screening measures work like a charm. And let’s say that every single person who would eventually develop the virus is otherwise found and identified, because they either have a fever during the screening or because they realize while answering the questionnaire that they exchanged bodily fluids with a person who had Ebola.
Yet every person who is screened is someone who started their trip in these three West African countries, which means the screening only goes so far. The monitoring programs outlined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Monday only cover people who know they had contact with an Ebola patient, which is not foolproof. A person could travel from Liberia to, say, London before unknowingly infecting another person; that person can board a flight to Los Angeles, unwittingly carrying a virus for which their travel history would provide no warning. A health-care worker treating an Ebola patient in New York could board a plane for Seattle to visit a loved one, unintentionally infecting a person on the other side of the country. These are hypotheticals, which means they are meaningless, but they speak to the fact that there are any number of eventualities that could lead to a person with Ebola in the United States.
Still, the current argument focusing on quarantines for returning health-care and aid workers ultimately focuses on an infinitesimal slice of the larger Ebola situation. During a news briefing Monday announcing the CDC’s new monitoring guidelines for people who have been to the Ebola-stricken countries, Thomas Frieden, the CDC director, mentioned that about 100 people people are arriving in the United States from this region each day. About five percent of these travelers are health-care workers. 
The only guaranteed way to keep anyone with Ebola out of the United States it to keep everyone from coming to the United States. That is unrealistic, of course, which is why the CDC and other public-health experts keep saying that the next-best option is to try and stop the outbreak in West Africa. These same experts do not think that quarantining five people a day will do much more than give other health-care workers another reason to think twice about heading to West Africa. These quarantines may make some people feel better, but they are unlikely to do more than that.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Shiv Sena goes soft on BJP  targets Congress over EidE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stocks firm ahead of Fed meetingWall Street firm ahead of Fed meeting
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e67e802-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India and Vietnam partnership important for Asia-Pacific security: Narendra ModiIndia and Vietnam partnership important for Asia-Pacific security: Narendra Modi
Italy president to testify in Mafia trialConvicted Mafia boss Toto Riina's lawyer Luca Cianferoni arrives at the Quirinale Presidential palace in Rome, Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Rome | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:15 pm
Prosecutors and judges have arrived at Italy’s presidential palace for an unprecedented hearing to take testimony from the head of state in the trial of a former government official accused of negotiating with Mafia bosses to end terror bombings in the 1990s.
Prosecutors want to question President Giorgio Napolitano about communications he had with a now-deceased aide whose dealings with the main suspect, former Interior Minister Nicola Mancino, are being investigated.
Mancino is on trial for allegedly negotiating with the Mafia following the 1993 bombings of churches in Rome, the Uffizi museum in Florence, and a Milan park. Mancino has denied any negotiations.
Napolitano has said he had nothing useful to tell the court. But he agreed to testify.
The hearing occurred behind closed doors with no media present.

Softbank Ready to Splash $10B on India InvestmentsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Maruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiencyOct 28, 2014, 04.36 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Maruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency
The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 percent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," MSI Executive Director Marketing & Sales, RS Kalsi said in a statement
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency
The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 percent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," MSI Executive Director Marketing & Sales, RS Kalsi said in a statement
Post your opinion here
 
Country's largest carmaker  Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) today launched refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
"The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 percent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," MSI Executive Director Marketing & Sales, RS Kalsi said in a statement. With this change, the company retains the DNA of the Swift and yet add features to make the product more exciting, he added.
"The reborn Swift is a tribute to the bestseller of the industry and in line with Maruti Suzuki's commitment to the customers to keep refining our models and win their hearts," Kalsi said. The company has sold over 12 lakh Swift cars till date, he added.
According to the company, the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl, up by 10 percent from the outgoing model while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variants has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl. The introductory prices of the petrol variants of the car range between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.9 lakh, while the diesel versions of the car are priced between Rs 5.56 and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On December 05, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3397.00, down Rs 9.5, or 0.28 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3432.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 33.04. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.89.
RELATED NEWS

Toshiba wins order for Doppler weather radar systemHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Toshiba wins order for Doppler weather radar system
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Japanese firm Toshiba Corp today said that it in collaboration with Electronic Corporation of India has received an order to supply transportable Doppler weather radar system to India Meteorological Department (IMD).
The radar, the first weather radar that Toshiba will supply to outside Japan, will be installed at Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir in January 2015, Toshiba said in a statement.
However, the company did not provide the financial details of the order.
Localized catastrophic flooding caused by long or local heavy rainfall is becoming a significant problem worldwide and weather radars track cloud movements and can pinpoint the build-up of potentially threatening systems in real time, allowing the authorities to issue warnings and order life-saving evacuations, the statement added.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

ISB  FuturEd to host alumni relations meetISB, FuturEd to host alumni relations meet
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Indian School of Business (ISB) and FuturEd, an education sector consulting and service provider will host the Alumni Relations Conference India (ARC 2014) at the former’s campus in Hyderabad on November 1.
ARC India 2014 brings together directors, deans, principals, alumni office bearers / association Heads’ of over 50 educational institutions in India that include B-Schools, universities, colleges and high schools like IIMs, IITs, NITs etc.,
R P Sisodia, Joint Secretary, Union Ministry of HRD, Ajit Rangnekar, Dean, ISB , Gretchen Dobson, Global Strategist, Gretchen Dobson, Nikita Tete, VP-Knowledge Management at Deloitte etc will speak. The first edition of the ARC was organized by FuturEd at the ISB’s Mohali campus in March 2014.
The objective of the conference is to strengthen alumni relations across educational institutions in India with administrators, alumni bodies and experts exchanging ideas on how institutions can stay connected with their former students and share best practices to leverage the power of alumni networks.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Cyclone Nilofar to have mild affect in Rajasthan:MeTPrint
The cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour.
By: Press Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:16 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:33 pm
Cyclone Nilofar, developing in the Arabian Sea, would have mild affect in Rajasthan’s border districts of Barmer, Jalore and Jodhpur on its arrival later this week, a MeT official said on Tuesday.
The cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour, Chief MeT Official B N Vishnoi said.
“As per today’s speed, its arrival would be delayed from October 30-31 to November one as it is located at Kutch- Naliya, and it would likely to strike Rajasthan’s border districts of Barmer, Jalore and Jodhpur after November one”, Vishnoi said.
“There would likely to be a mild affect of Nilofar in Rajasthan, and there would be wind speed of 20 to 30 km accompanied with showers after November one”, he said.
“Nilofar could cause damage to crops like Bajra, Gawar, Moong cereal, and Soya bean which were harvested and lying in the open field, and for this there should be a warning for farmers to take it to a warehouse storage at the earliest”, he said.
Mild cold winds would be tolerable to public, but risky for farmers whose crop produce was lying in the fields or open place, he said.

Road Ministry to seek Cabinet approval for new bill soonOct 28, 2014, 06.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Road Ministry to seek Cabinet approval for new bill soon
As high as five lakh road accidents happen in India annually with 1.5 lakh deaths, he said, adding about 4.5 lakh victims of road accidents happen to be in the age group of 15 to 45 years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Road Ministry to seek Cabinet approval for new bill soon
As high as five lakh road accidents happen in India annually with 1.5 lakh deaths, he said, adding about 4.5 lakh victims of road accidents happen to be in the age group of 15 to 45 years.
Post your opinion here
 
The Road Transport Ministry will move the new Bill governing the road sector to the Cabinet soon and hopes to get it passed in the winter session of Parliament.
"I am trying my best to present the Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014, in the next session of Parliament to get its approval. Very shortly it will be sent for Cabinet and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's approval," Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari said today.
It has been our endeavour to bring down road accidents by 50 per cent in the next two years as India accounts for the highest road accidents and related deaths, Gadkari said on the sidelines of the National Road Safety and Transport Development Councils meeting here.
As high as five lakh road accidents happen in India annually with 1.5 lakh deaths, he said, adding about 4.5 lakh victims of road accidents happen to be in the age group of 15 to 45 years.
Seeking to come down heavily on traffic offenders, government has proposed steep penalties of up to Rs 3 lakh along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death of a child in certain circumstances, besides huge fines for violations.
The new Road Safety and Transport Bill 2014 also proposes a fine of Rs 5 lakh per vehicle as well as imprisonment for faulty manufacturing design, besides cancellation of licences for rash and negligent driving.
The Bill, in which states opinions are sought proposes penalty of up to Rs 1 lakh or imprisonment for six months which may extend to one year or both in case of using vehicle in unsafe conditions and state governments suggestions will be incorporated in it.
Gadkari said a multi-mode public transport system was on the anvil incorporating best practices of the advanced nations while at the same time the government was focusing on strengthening road infrastructure.
"Highways building work worth Rs 5 lakh crore is on the anvil under te public-private-partnership mode for four-laning of the NHs," he said.
He added that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has encouraged FDI in infrastructure space.
The government was promoting ethanol-friendly buses to cut on huge Rs 6 lakh crore import bills on crude in the country besides taking steps to introduce electricity-operated buses, he said.
"We will request the Finance Minister to give concessions to environment-friendly technologies," he said, adding that even if Rs 3 lakh crore is saved out of Rs 6 lakh crore import bills, it will strengthen the economy.
RELATED NEWS

Accel Transmatic: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 28, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Accel Transmatic: Updates on outcome of AGM
Accel Transmatic has submitted a copy of minutes of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accel Transmatic: Updates on outcome of AGM
Accel Transmatic has submitted a copy of minutes of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Accel Transmatic Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Twitter Stock Tumbles  Despite Soaring RevenuesMorning Money Memo:
Twitter is growing in global popularity, but not enough for skittish investors. The social media and mobile messaging company’s shares plunged more than 11 percent despite a jump in third-quarter revenue that more than doubled from last year. At least three Wall Street analysts downgraded the stock the day after Twitter posted a $175 million loss. Adjusted earnings matched expectations at 1 cent a share. To appeal to more people, Twitter has tried to make it easier for people to sign up, and its user base grew 23 percent. And Twitter executives say its reach is much more than its 284 million users and that many people see the website without logging on.
Apple CEO Tim Cook is calling the company’s new mobile payment system a success and says he’s got an eye on China. Cook says Apple Pay is now more widely used than any competing payment system. But it’s not accepted by a number of large retail chains. CVS and Rite Aid, part of group of companies linked to a rival payment service, disabled Apple Pay in their stores. Cook says he plans to talk with Jack Ma, executive chairman of the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, about a possible partnership. Ma is visiting Hollywood film studios this week. The Alibaba founder says he wants to bring U.S. movies to China, along with other products. He told a tech industry conference he is “looking for partners.”
Stock market futures rose this morning after a mixed close for Wall Street Monday. Investors may be cautious before Wednesday’s statement from the Federal Reserve about a possible timeline for raising interest rates. The Fed is winding down its $4 trillion bond-buying program, known as quantitative easing
The Middle East will be getting the first Macy’s department store outside the United States, and just for good measure, its second Bloomingdale’s, too. A Gulf Property developer and Dubai-based retail conglomerate Al Tayer Group say they plan to open both stores in a new shopping center being built in the United Arab Emirates’ capital of Abu Dhabi. The nearby Emirati city of Dubai already hosts the first overseas branch of Bloomingdale’s in the vast Dubai Mall, one of the world’s biggest shopping centers, set at the base of the world’s tallest tower.
Dunkin’ Donuts plans to begin offering a croissant-doughnut hybrid next week. But the company says please don’t call it a “Cronut.” That name was trademarked more than a year ago by a New York City bakery. Dunkin’ Donuts’ “Croissant Donut” will be available nationally for a limited time starting next Monday.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow
 

Club of Rome meet to address food securityClub of Rome meet to address food security 
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 28:  
It’s one thing to draft policies, another to implement them holistically. Policy coherence with a focus on food security is what the Indian chapter of the Club of Rome (CoR), a global think tank established in 1968, intends to pursue at its two-day annual conference that begins on Thursday.
Progressive thinking has been CoR’s forte over the decades. In 1972, the group commissioned ‘The Limits To Growth’ report, based on a mathematical model that explored the interaction between exponential economic and population growth and finite resources. Hitherto a subject largely absent in public debate, the report brought the question of sustainable development to the fore and is still quoted some 40 years later.
“The essence of CoR is to think systems and inter-linkages between different sectors and policy initiatives and to see that they add up to a net-positive outcome. We thought we’d push for policy coherence in food security since our policy-making systems often pull in different directions,” said Ashok Khosla, President, CoR, Indian National Association for CoR.
The conference will bring politicians, bureaucrats, economists and agri-scientists together to discuss food security policies from socio-economic and political viewpoints. Importantly, it also aims to address how policies can help scale up social entrepreneurship, a growing field in India, alongside agricultural innovations.
“There are five million newborns affected by malnutrition each year. Food security, particularly in developing nations like India, is interesting due to the many related aspects, from trade, water and energy policies, land ownership, the environment etc. All of these subjects play a role in the supply-demand scenario,” said Khosla.
“So ultimately this conference will look at healthier, more systemic and long-term policymaking on food security and explore the unintended consequences of policies that seemingly don’t impact food production. MGNREGA, for example, is a landmark policy that’s helped generate rural employment and increased access to food. It’s also led to a shortage of farm labour which has impacted production,” he added.
The National Food Security Act (2013), while “an incredible gesture”, runs the risk of neutralizing itself and the participants at the conference will attempt to thrash out implications at different levels of implementation. “Food security is non-negotiable but how it’s done without undermining itself in a few years is the question,” Khosla told Business Line.
Among those slated to attend the two-day event are Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth, former Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh, M.S. Swaminathan along with senior faces from the National Dairy Development Board, Indian Council for Agricultural Research, Borlaug Institute for South Asia, World Future Council among others.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Fears grow over QEs legacy in risky assetsFears grow over QE’s toxic legacy
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aad9b71c-4d83-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Burdwan blast probe: India to hand over dossier to Bangladesh government to counterJMBPrint
Sources said Kausar was hiding in Birbhum in West Bengal till October 5 but fled from there too later.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:03 pm
India will be handing over a dossier to Bangladesh government for preventive steps and necessary action needed to be taken by Dhaka to counter the threat posed by Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB).
Taking the issue seriously, the Centre had deputed National Security Advisor Ajit Doval to visit Burdwan for having a first-hand knowledge of the conspiracy being hatched by alleged cadres of JMB to target Bangladesh government from Indian soil, official sources said on Tuesday.
The Narendra Modi government has made it clear that it will have friendly relations with all neighbouring countries and following that policy, National Investigation Agency (NIA) has been asked to complete the investigation into the October 2 blast as soon as possible so that all contours of the international terror conspiracy are exposed, the sources said.
Doval, who had a lengthy meeting with West Bengal Chief Minister Mamta Banerjee on Monday, explained to her about the deep-rooted conspiracy being hatched from West Bengal to target installations in neighbouring Bangladesh.
During the meeting, Banerjee admitted lapses at the initial stage of the probe into the blast and expressed her displeasure against the local police for the manner in which they had handled the case, sources privy to the development said.
Banerjee was particularly upset with the local police for their inability to recover a sack containing 40 improvised hand grenades. It was unearthed by NIA nearly a week after the October two explosion at the Burdwan house.
Besides, the key mastermind of the whole plot, Sheikh Kausar, could manage to flee from the area apparently due to alleged lackadaisical approach of West Bengal Police, the sources said.
Sources said Kausar was hiding in Birbhum in West Bengal till October 5 but fled from there too later.

Nifty ends at 8027 after a very good trading sessionLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends at 8027 after a very good trading session
The Nifty ended higher by close to around 30 points and the bank Nifty yet again went ahead and scored a century. In the last seven trading sessions the bank Nifty has gained more than 1,100 points odd.
Post your opinion here
 
Yet another good trading session for the Nifty. The Nifty ended higher by close to around 30 points and the bank Nifty yet again went ahead and scored a century. In the last seven trading sessions the bank Nifty has gained more than 1,100 points odd. So the bank Nifty has definitely been the driver of this big rally.
RELATED NEWS

Twitter s 284 Million Users Not Enough to Stop Stock PlungeRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

US Home Price Gains Slow Further in AugustThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Cook pushes back  Ma s Google challengecook pushes back  ma s google challenge
Futures up but data weighs; Twitter down  Madison Square jumpsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

How Prabhudeva ensured Ajay was comfortableChoreographer-director Prabhudheva's 'Action Jackson' starring Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha releases this Friday.
Sonakshi Sinha at the special screening.
1 / 30

Government to give full list of foreign account holders WednesdayGovernment to give full list of foreign account holders Wednesday
Govt to submit black money holders list to SC tomorrowGovt to submit black money holders list to SC tomorrow
Achuthanandan slams party leadership for failing to work policiesAchuthanandan slams party leadership for failing to work policies
Mangalam Cement hits 52-week highMangalam Cement hits 52-week high
Case filed against actor  director  producer of  KaththiCase filed against actor  director  producer of  Kaththi
Creative Muvo Mini reviewPrint
The Muvi Mini is water-resistant, which makes it great to carry outdoors.
Written by Mihir Patkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 4:29 pm
What Is It?
The Creative Muvo Mini is a Bluetooth speaker that emphasises its portability. It’s small, its rubber-coated body gives a nice grip, and a fall from a height of 5 feet didn’t cause any damage in looks or sound. The Muvo Mini packs two 1.3-inch full range drivers and an oversized passive driver for bass. There’s Bluetooth 4.0 and NFC connectivity, and you can also plug in standard 3.5mm audio input.
Price:  Rs. 5,999 (Rs 4,200 in stores)
Anything That Makes It Special?
The Muvi Mini is water-resistant (IP66 for the technically inclined), which makes it great to carry outdoors. You can’t dunk it into a swimming pool or carry it out in pouring rain, but it will be fine if you spilled a drink on it or had it by the pool with water splashing on it. This ruggedness gives you a sense of security and makes you worry less about a gadget when everything seems fragile these days.
What Sounds Good and What Sounds Bad?
The Muvo Mini isn’t the best set of Bluetooth speakers we have heard in this price range, but it’s still very good. If you’re listening to bass-heavy music, the Muvo Mini is going to sound flat compared to other speakers like the JBL Flip or Osaki Jukebox. However, playing Bollywood songs, Western classical, and classic rock is a good enough experience.
In Real-World Conditions, Can You Actually Use It For Hands-Free Calling?
It depends on how far you will be from the Muvo Mini. At a distance of about 5-6 feet, the Mini could pick up our voice clearly and the call was smooth. At 7-8 feet, the person on the other line could barely hear what we were saying.
How’s The Battery Life?
The Muvo Mini’s most impressive feature is its battery life, given its small size. Even though it is more portable than any other Bluetooth speakers we’ve used, it managed to eke out 11 hours of continuous music playback, and 10 hours with intermittent calling. Plus, it can be charged by a standard microUSB cable, so you don’t need to carry a separate charger for it.
Should I Buy It?
If you’re going to use your Bluetooth speakers in your room and not carry it around, then no, the Muvo Mini isn’t the best purchase. But if you’re looking for speakers that you can take to the beach or out on the lawn for a winter evening, we strongly recommend the Muvo Mini.

The stocks making  smart money  look dumbEMAIL
Hopper Stone, Universal Pictures
Smart money investors are supposed to be able to see ways to make money the rest of us miss. But so far, there’s a group of stocks that continue to make the pros look silly.
Five stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that are up this year and for the past 30 days, including home builder Lennar (LEN) , GPS maker Garmin (GRMN) and cable company Cablevision (CVC) , are soaring despite the pros betting against them, according to an analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ and Bespoke Investment Group.
Each of these stocks is among the most heavily shorted stocks on the S&P 500, meaning they’re the ones that investors think will go down. Heavily shorted stocks are those that investors borrow and sell right away with the hope they can buy them back later at a lower price.
Just the opposite has been happening with these six stocks. Lennar is the classic example. Smart money betting against the housing recovery are betting against Lennar’s stock. Investors who are betting against the stock’s future hold 16% of the shares available for trade. Even so, shares of Lennar are up 9.7% this year and 9.2% in the past 30 days. That’s a trade that gets more expensive the longer the smart money is wrong.
And then there’s Garmin. The maker of GPS devices supposedly rendered obsolete by smartphones seemed to be lost. Investors are betting against 16.5% of the company’s stock. But guess what. Garmin is defying them all. Shares are up 21% this year and nearly 8% in the past 30 days.
It’s just a reminder that while the short might think they know something we don’t, they’re equally at the mercy of the varies of the market.
MOST HEAVILY SHORTED S&P 500 STOCKS THAT ARE UP YTD AND OVER PAST 30 DAYS
Company

UII may take Rs.1 100 cr hit due to J&K floods & HudhudUpdated: October 28, 2014 00:05 IST
UII may take Rs.1,100 cr hit due to J&K floods & Hudhud
Special Correspondent
insurance
United India Insurance (UII) is expected to take a hit of around Rs.1,125 crore due to claims arising out of damages caused by recent floods in Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) as also due to cyclone Hudhud that battered Andhra Pradesh.
Milind Kharat, Chairman and Managing Director of UII, said that the company had so far received claims for about Rs.440 crore in Andhra Pradesh based on initial estimates.
However, the company expected the total claims to go up to Rs.750-800 crore as a consequence of damage to large industrial units. In the case of J&K, the total claims were estimated at Rs.325 crore for UII, he said. “We have settled about 75 per cent of the J&K claims, most of which were from small traders, hotels and shops, among others,” he added. The overall hit for the insurance industry is about Rs.1,500 crore in J&K .
The company has reported five per cent dip in its net profit at Rs.147 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 when compared with Rs.153 crore in the year-ago period. It attributed the pressure on profit to losses on account of floods in J&K and also to provisioning made for wage revision.
However, UII’s total premium grew by 11 per cent at Rs.2,562 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal when compared with Rs.2,316 crore in a year-ago period, on the back of a robust growth in motor and health insurance segments.
For the half-year ended September 30, 2014, the company’s net profit grew marginally to Rs.376 crore as compared to Rs.365 crore in the year-ago period. Total premium stood at Rs.5,291 crore as against Rs.4,768 crore, a rise of 11 per cent. Motor and health segments, both account for over 60 per cent of premium, contributed to the growth.
Despite some losses, UII managed to reduce the claims ratio to 81.7 per cent during H1 of this fiscal from 83.75 per cent a year ago. Combined ratio (a measure of insurer’s profitability) also came down to 113 per cent from 116 per cent. Its net worth stood at Rs.5,738 crore crore (up from Rs.5,361 crore).

Epilogue: Comfort cultureBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 27 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I am finally back in the office after three weeks of coughing my lungs out (did you know they have cough suppressants that work by influencing your brain chemistry now?) and back on my extremely aggressive media consumption diet. But while I was recuperating, I re-read Tamora Pierce’s Beka Cooper trilogy . As I think I have mentioned in this space before, the books are basically “The Wire” with magic, and I find them extremely comforting when my brain is only working at three-quarter speed. Inspired by that, today’s question: what is your pop culture comfort food?
Album art for Taylor Swift’s “1989.” (Courtesy Big Machine)
• The filmmakers behind “The Invisible War,” a blunt force attack on the culture of sexual assault in the military, are taking college sexual violence as the subject of their next movie .
• A conversation with Jane Chu , the newest chief of the National Endowment for the Arts.

Cyclone Nilofar to not disrupt output  says pvt refinersCyclone Nilofar will not disrupt output, say private refiners
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 14:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
India's top private oil refiners are taking precautions but do not anticipate any impact on their operations from cyclone Nilofar, which is expected to hit the country's west coast on Saturday, officials said.
Nilofar, classified as a 'very severe cyclonic storm', is expected to weaken to a 'cyclonic storm' when it makes landfall on the northern Gujarat coast, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
Reliance Industries, controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani, operates the world's biggest refining complex in Gujarat, where its two adjacent plants can process about 1.4 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil.
The complex and Essar Oil's 4,00,000-barrel-per-day Vadinar refinery do not lie directly in the expected path of the cyclone, officials from both companies said.
"We have operating procedures for any kind of eventuality," a person with direct knowledge of RIL's operations told Reuters.
Essar Oil said in an emailed statement that it was taking "all due precautions" and did not expect any production outage.
(Reuters)

Lupin quarterly profit jumps 54 pct as US  India sales riseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Contra call: Heres why DLF is still a good buy despite regulatory hurdles  correctionBhupinder Singh Hooda
(At a time when most of the…)
NEW DELHI: At a time when most of the analysts on the Street are recommending investors to stay away from DLF, as the realty giant fights a three-year capital markets ban imposed by market regulator Sebi, some analysts are suggesting it to be a good buy at current levels.
Sebi on October 13 banned DLF, its founder chairman S P Singh and five other senior officials associated with the said company from accessing the capital market for three years for not disclosing some details about three of its 357 associate companies during the 2007 IPO.
The country's largest realtor on October 22 challenged the ban in the Securities Appellate Tribunal and sought interim relief to redeem MFs worth Rs 2,500 crore and also to launch a Rs 5,000-crore domestic debt sale. The tribunal will hear the matter on October 30, PTI reported.
Reacting to the news, the stock has plunged over 26 per cent since October 13. The stock came under further pressure last week, after two new ministers in Haryana said the BJP government would order a thorough probe into the alleged land scams and not spare anyone, even Robert Vadra or former Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .
At a time when most analysts are suggesting investors to stay away, Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India, is of the view that investors are doing a big mistake by selling DLF at around Rs 100 as the negatives around the stock are just temporary.
"It is the same mistake when they (investors) bought the stock at Rs 1000 and Rs 1400 levels. I remember FIIs were very bullish on DLF at Rs 1000 plus, now they are desperately selling it out and what has changed - nothing, for the company fundamentally," he said. Veliyath does not think anything big on a long-term basis has changed for this company.
Ramesh Damani , Member, BSE, also supports the view. He says that DLF is one nice large-cap stock which is beaten down a bit unfairly in the market.
"There is a lot of overhang in terms of regulatory reason, but a lot of bad news is in the price already. So, we would be happy buying that from a few years' perspective," he adds.
Today at around Rs 18000-20000 crore market cap, most analysts think that it is a strong value buy. Controversies and government enquires surrounded this company and may impact the stock in short term. But investors have to assess or understand the long-term impact on the company's fundamentals.
"I strongly believe that now Sebi has banned the company from raising further funds. But it is not going to make any real fundamental change, especially for the minority shareholders of this company," added Veliyath.
He is of the view that in the near term, they will be forced to sell properties, monetise and make it debt free, which is the second positive for this company. "I am very bullish on this company at the current market cap and the debt is around 19000-20000 crore," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chhath Puja declared public holiday in DelhiChhath declared a public holiday, BJP claims credit
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 13:45 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:19 IST(29/10/2014)
Chhath Puja has been declared a public holiday in Delhi.
Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung issued a notification to this effect on Tuesday.
The announcement has come as boost for the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) Delhi unit that is trying to woo the 40-lakh strong Purvanchali community in the national Capital.
The BJP had been demanding for a long time that Chhath should be declared a public holiday. The party had included the demand in its list of promises in its manifesto for the Delhi assembly elections in 2013.
HT had reported on October 28 that the government would issue a notification, declaring Chhath, to be celebrated on Wednesday as a public holiday.
“After Bihar, Delhi is probably the only other state where Chhath puja has been declared a public holiday. We have asked the chief secretary to ensure disaster management squads are deployed at various ghats for the security of the devotees who would reach there to peform the puja rituals,” said Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP chief.
“Announcement of holiday on Chhath Puja is the fulfilment of one of commitments to the people of Delhi. It was also a part of our election manifesto for the people of Puravanchalis living in the national Capital,” said Upadhyay.
As per the notification issued on Wednesday, all offices of Delhi government, schools and offices of the three corporations will remain closed on Wednesday.
Upadhyay said about 5,000 party workers of the Poorvanchal Cell and other senior members would work round-the-clock to ensure devotees were provided all facilities on various ghats.

Ranbaxy Laboratories posts Q2 net profit of Rs 477.75 cr; share price up 7 pctE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency starting at Rs 4.42 lakhMaruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency starting at Rs 4.42 lakh
By PTI | 28 Oct, 2014, 03.58PM IST
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) today launched refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
"The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 per cent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," MSI Executive Director Marketing & Sales, R S Kalsi said in a statement.
With this change, the company retains the DNA of the Swift and yet add features to make the product more exciting, he added.
"The reborn Swift is a tribute to the bestseller of the industry and in line with Maruti Suzuki's commitment to the customers to keep refining our models and win their hearts," Kalsi said.
The company has sold over 12 lakh Swift cars till date, he added.
According to the company, the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl, up by 10 per cent from the outgoing model while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variants has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl.
The introductory prices of the petrol variants of the car range between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.9 lakh, while the diesel versions of the car are priced between Rs 5.56 and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Suzuki Swift facelift set for India launch
of 8
Source: indianautosblog.com
The Suzuki Swift facelift, which is already on sale in many global markets, is seen at the 2014 Moscow Motor Show (Moscow International Auto Salon 2014) which started today for the media.
LED daytime running lights
On the outside, the refreshed Swift gets LED daytime running lights on its foglight enclosure, a design highlight resembling the older Hyundai i20.
Source: indianautosblog.com
Silver detailing
Silver detailing on the lower part of the front bumper, a new color dubbed 'Boost Blue', and new wheel caps for non-alloy wheel variants complete the changes outside.
Source: indianautosblog.com
New seat fabrics
Inside, the car gets new seat fabrics, power folding wing mirrors, an auto-up function for the driver side power window and automatic headlights.
Source: indianautosblog.com
1.2-litre four-cylinder VVT (petrol) engine
The hatchback is available in 3- and 5-door body styles in Russia, and is powered by the 1.2-litre four-cylinder VVT (petrol) engine which is capable of producing 92.5 bhp and 118 Nm of torque.

Delhi: L-G gets Prez nod to invite BJP for govt formation; Kejriwal sees redSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Ebola quarantines and state powersBy Eugene Kontorovich October 28
While the nurse quarantined in New Jersey has been released, the ACLU continues to push back against such measures by the states, and as the disease spreads, these questions will persist.
Yesterday I discussed potential due process challenges to Ebola quarantines . Another possible constitutional objection to such measures, as Josh Blackman points out, is preemption because of a conflict with federal policy. The issue is not that state quarantine rules are tougher than the CDC suggests – federal law explicitly allows states to be tougher in this regard. Rather, it is that the quarantine of health care workers returning from West Africa conflicts with the Obama Administration’s policy of not discouraging them from going to the hot zone, as evidenced by the decision to not bar air traffic from the area.
As it happens, the Supreme Court’s discussions of the permissibility of quarantines has been mostly in the preemption contexts, going back to the landmark dormant commerce clause case, Gibbons v. Ogden in 1824. (A quarantine is by definition a prophylactic measure that applies to those who are not necessarily sick of infected.) The Court has ruled strongly against any kind of implied preemption for quarantines. Rather, it has said that unless the federal government adopts quarantine laws or regulations inconsistent with those of the states, “ the laws of the state on the subject are [presumptively] valid.”
This means that the Executive could issue regulations preempting the New Jersey quarantine, but critical statements at press conferences do not have this effect.
Quarantines have traditionally been administered by states, and applied first and foremost at ports of entry. Thus the people and vessels subject to quarantine were those that the U.S. had a policy of admitting – otherwise they would not there in the first place and there would be nothing to quarantine. Yet such quarantines were never understood to conflict with federal commerce or immigration policy; rather, federal policy is premised on states applying their police powers, as the Court ruled in Compagnie Francaise de Navigation a Vapeur v. Louisiana . Indeed, in that case the “quarantine” that was upheld was clearly a pretext for excluding Italian immigrants.
I think Prof. Blackman would not dispute any of this. Rather, he suggests that if the reasoning of Arizona  v. United States, the recent immigration preemption case, were taken (too) broadly, it could undo two centuries of quarantine preemption jurisprudence. However, Arizona can read more narrowly.
In Arizona, both the state and federal laws in question dealt with the same thing: illegal immigrants, and the sanctions against them. The state law was tougher than the federal one. Here the federal policy deals with one thing – international air travel – while the state rules deal with something different, the movement of persons within the state who may have been exposed. As it happens, they may have arrived through air travel.
One would not think taxes a state places on airport taxis or other airport rules would be preempted by a federal policy to allow people to travel to West Africa, even if they raise the cost of such travel. Rather, this is the assumed background against which the federal policy operates. Similarly, the application of general state powers to ensure the health of the population are not going beyond the federal law, but are rather the assumed background on which the latter acts.
Just as Blackman uses the quarantine to implicitly criticize Arizona, and particularly the government’s arguments there, Michael Dorf uses the quarantine issue to cast a bad light on narrow readings of the Commerce Clause by conservative justices, in particular, by comparing the spread of Ebola to the danger posed by mentally ill people, or guns near schools.
I find the analogy inapt. Contagious viruses by definition do actually travel across jurisdictional lines, even without their vector doing so. Violent mental illness, by contrast, is not catching: the person is only a threat to those around him. Guns in school zones by definition do not cross state lines.
Addendum: One of the Supreme Court cases mentioned above, Morgan’s Louisiana, has this memorable observation: “If there is a city in the United States which has need of qurantine laws it is New Orleans.”
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Gender gap report: India ranks 114 of 142 nationsIndia has fared badly in removing gender-based disparities, ranking 114 out of 142 countries in World Economic Forum's 2014 gender gap index, scoring below average on parameters like economic participation, educational attainment and health and survival.
               
India's slipped 13 spots from its last year's ranking of 101 on the Gender Gap Index by the World Economic Forum. India is part of the 20 worst-performing countries on the labour force participation, estimated earned income, literacy rate and sex ratio at birth indicators.
               
On the other hand, India is among the top 20 best-performing countries on the political empowerment subindex.
               
The index was first introduced by the World Economic Forum in 2006 as a framework for capturing the magnitude of gender-based disparities and tracking their progress. The index benchmarks national gender gaps on economic, political, education and health criteria.
               
On the criteria of economic participation and opportunity, India was ranked 134. Its female to male ratio in labour force participation was 0.36. The disparity in estimated earned income was high with females earning $1,980 compared to $8,087 earned by their male counterparts.
               
On educational attainment, India ranked 126 with female to male ratio in literacy rate at 0.68. India was the second-lowest performing country on health and survival, ranking 141 just ahead of Armenia.
               
However on political empowerment subindex, India ranked an impressive 15. It is the highest-ranked country on the years with female head of state (over the past 50 years) indicator. There is also some evidence from India to suggest that women in local government roles make decisions with better outcomes for communities than men do when charged with budget decisions. They also appear to be more competent representatives than men, obtaining more resources for their constituencies despite having significantly lower education and relevant labour market experience.
               
The report said that India has the highest difference between women and men on the average minutes spent per day on unpaid work a difference of 300 minutes. It is also among the countries with the highest difference in the female and male percentage of total R&D personnel. India has one of the lowest percentages of firms with female participation in ownership.
India had experienced improvement of its overall score since 2010, when it had ranked 112. It had ranked 105 in 2012 and 101 last year but saw a decrease in 2014 due to a drop in scores on the economic participation and opportunity and educational attainment subindexes.
               
India performed better than countries like UAE, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Jordan.
               
Iceland, which has had a female head of state in 20 of the past 50 years, ranked number 1 on WEF's index. Iceland has taken the top spot on the index consecutively since 2009. The country was followed by its Nordic neighbours: Finland ranked 2, Norway (3), Sweden (4) and Denmark (5). The US is ranked 20, putting it behind countries like Canada, South Africa and France, but ahead of other developed countries like the United Kingdom and Australia.
               
The report said that no country in the world has fully closed the gender gap, but all five of the Nordic countries have closed more than 80% of it. Yemen, the lowest ranking country has closed just over 50 per cent of the gender gap.
               
At 141, Pakistan was the second lowest ranking country, scoring poorly on all the four parametres.
               
In 2014, 25 countries fully closed the gap in Educational Attainment (same as last year). Angola, Ethiopia, Yemen, Guinea and Chad hold the last five spots on this subindex, with Yemen and Chad having closed less than 70% of their education gender gap. In total, there are 22 countries where women still have less than 90 per cent of the education outcomes that men have.
               
While eight countries Bahamas, Belize, Brazil, France, Guyana, Latvia, Namibia, and the Philippines?have fully closed the gap on both the health and education subindexes, no country has closed either the economic participation gap or the political empowerment gap.
               
On the Economic Participation and Opportunity subindex, 14 countries have closed more than 80% of gap, including from from Sub-Saharan Africa and five from Europe and Central Asia.
               
Burundi, Norway, Malawi, the United States and the Bahamas occupy the top five spots on the subindex.

Black money: Why are you providing protective umbrella to foreign bank acct holders  SC asks CentreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

British Petroleum writes down KG-D6 value by...BP
(Announcing its third quarter…)
NEW DELHI: BP plc has written down the value of its shareholding in the eastern offshore KG-D6 block by $ 770 million dollar following a lower-than-expected gas price hike which it saw as a transition to market-based pricing.
Announcing its third quarter results, BP announced a $ 770 million write down in value of KG-D6 although it said the new gas pricing formula, as a transition to market-based pricing, was a step in the right direction.
BP in 2011 bought 30 per cent interest in Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 as well as 20 other oil and gas exploration blocks for $ 7.2 billion. Bulk of this was for the producing block of KG-D6 and gas discovery area of NEC-25.
"The third-quarter result included a $ 770-million charge (which we classify as a non-operating item) to write down the value ascribed to Block KG-D6 in India," BP said in a statement.
The charge, it said, "arises as a result of uncertainty in the future long-term gas price outlook, following the introduction of a new formula for Indian gas prices, although we do see the commencement of a transition to market-based pricing as a step in the right direction."
The government had on October 18 approved a new formula for pricing of all domestic gas. The rate, when the formula comes into effect from November 1, would be $ 5.61 per million British thermal unit as against current $ 4.2.
The price is lower than $ 8.4 approved by the previous UPA government and general expectation of a rate around $ 6.5 after some deductions from that price.
A BP India spokesperson said, "The gas price decision increases the gas price applicable for existing production and is a first step towards creating the more competitive economic landscape required to encourage the development of India's gas resources."
"The timing of this gas price decision just prior to our Q3 stock exchange announcement and the requirement to understand the long term price-outlook to support future developments has led to the write down. This is in compliance with standard accounting policies and Securities Exchange requirements," the spokesperson said.
Both BP and RIL have been advocating market-linked gas pricing and had initiated an arbitration against the government for not revising rates from the due date of April 1, 2014.
The $ 4.2 per mmBtu rate, fixed in 2007, was for the first five years of production from KG-D6 fields. KG-d6 fields started gas output from April 1, 2009.
BP said it expects further clarity on the new pricing policy and the premium that the government has promised to pay for future deepsea and complex gas discoveries.
"We expect further clarity on the new pricing policy and the premiums for future developments to emerge in due course," the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air Asia plans to induct 10 more aircraft ne...You are here: Home > Collections > Aircraft
Air Asia plans to induct 10 more aircraft next year
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
Air Asia
(Budget carrier Air Asia…)
BANGALORE: Budget carrier Air Asia plans to induct 10 more aircraft next year that would take the strength of its fleet to 15.
"I think realistically we may do ten aircraft by next year. January and February, probably we won't have many. Ten more aircraft next year, taking the total tally to 15 aircraft," Air Asia CEO Mittu Chandilya told PTI.
He was speaking on the sidelines of unveiling of Bangalore Raptors official team jersey ceremony in the presence of ace Indian tennis legend Vijay Amritraj who is conducting the Champions Tennis League (CTL).
Chandilya, also the owner of the Bangalore franchise of CTL, said the airliner planned to put in place one aircraft- a-year plan. "It depends upon when the aircraft are ready because our schedules are very tight and by next year we really want to have one-aircraft-a-year plan."
He, however, said there would be no change and variations in the type of aircraft the airliner plans to induct. "There will be no change and no variation in the type of aircraft to be inducted. We will induct A-320s which will be a mix of ceos (current engine option) and neos (new engine option)," he added.
The airliner will be getting neos in 2016 as per delivery, Chandilya said.
He said he would be announcing two new routes next week, but refrained from divulging the information in detail. "I will be announcing two new routes next week. I think it will be exciting," he said.
Chandilya said growth was key factor for the airliner and its targets will be based on scales. "Growth is something very key to us. Our entire targets will be based on scales and I think we are slowly reaching to where we need to go."
Asked whether the new route falls in the eastern parts of India, Chandilya said, "Of course it will be in India. I rather keep it surprise because you guys will see. It shouldn't be too much of a surprise, but I think it will be exciting routes," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lafarge  Holcim notify proposed merger with ECYou are here: Home > Collections > Divestment
Lafarge, Holcim notify proposed merger with European Commission
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 06.08PM IST
Tags:
Ambuja Cements
(Holcim has majority stake…)
LONDON: Aiming to complete their mega merger to create world's largest building material company in first half of next year, Lafarge and Holcim have formally notified the European Commission about the amalgamation plan for regulatory approval.
"With this notification, Holcim and Lafarge have now completed all necessary notifications with the regulatory authorities worldwide," Holcim said in a release today.
Holcim has majority stake in two leading major Indian cement firms - ACC LTd and Ambuja Cements . Lafarge has eight million tonnes capacity in India.
The two, however, slightly amended their proposed assets disinvestment plan in Europe in their notification to European Commission from what was stated during the "constructive" pre-notification discussions.
"Compared with the list of assets presented on July 7, 2014, the two companies now propose: to retain Lafarge's Mannersdorf plant located in Austria and to divest all of Holcim's operations in Slovakia," it said.
In the rest of the world, the proposed list of assets remains the same, with the exception of the Philippines, as announced by the boards of directors of Lafarge Republic Inc. and of Holcim Philippines Inc.
"In parallel to the regulatory process, Holcim and Lafarge are in ongoing negotiations with potential buyers of the assets that are proposed for divestment," it said.
The divestment process would be carried out in the framework of the relevant social processes and ongoing dialogue with the employee representatives' bodies.
"The closing of the planned merger is expected in H1 2015, with the aim of creating the most balanced and diversified portfolio in the industry, operating in 90 countries and creating superior value for its stakeholders and customers," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Durable Goods Orders Down 1.3 Percent in September as Demand for Investment Goods FallsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Fun with restitution lawComments
By Ward Farnsworth (guest-blogging) October 28
As I said yesterday, Eugene has invited me to talk a bit about the law of restitution — what it is and why you might care. I’ve written a new book that explains it, and in this space will touch briefly on some examples of what makes the subject interesting.
Let me come back to an example mentioned in passing yesterday. I steal your $100 and use it to place a bet at a casino. I get lucky and win $100,000. Do I owe you the whole $100,000? Indeed I do. You can collect it all from me in a suit for restitution.
The case shows why it sometimes isn’t enough to make wrongdoers just pay for the harm they cause. The harm to you was $100; merely paying it back would leave me too well off and would tempt me to do it again (assuming I’m not in prison!). Sure, you could sue in tort and try to argue for punitive damages, but those are discretionary and are sure to be much smaller. You would be much better off bringing a restitution claim and asserting that the winnings are yours as a matter of right.
Now suppose I buy my chips at the casino using the hundred dollars I took from you plus five thousand dollars of my own. I mix the chips together; it’s impossible to say which were bought with your money and which with mine. I bet a pile of the chips — a hundred dollars’ worth, in fact — and win handsomely. How do we know which of the winnings I owe you? It’s easy: all of them. The law assumes the stolen funds were the source of my gains unless I can prove they weren’t because I kept the good and bad money separate. This we call a tracing fiction. We can’t really say whether the winnings came from the stolen money, but we pretend we can because throwing up our hands in futility creates an intolerable outcome.
But now suppose that despite my good day at the casino I soon go bankrupt. I have five creditors and owe them each $100,000, and my only wealth is what I won by gambling with your money. In this case you likely don’t get to collect the whole $100,000 from me after all. You probably will have to share it with my other creditors. No doubt you will find this an annoying result, but look at it from the creditors’ point of view. They aren’t being unjustly enriched; they didn’t steal anything. The only party who definitely won’t share in the money is me, because I’m the one who evidently needs a lesson.

Dollar retreats after unexpectedly drop in U.S. durable goodsDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Avance Technologies: Outcome of board meetingOct 28, 2014, 05.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Avance Technologies: Outcome of board meeting
Avance Technologies has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, have taken the following decision:- To allot 1341529930 Equity Shares on preferential basis to allottees in conformity with the provision(s) of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Avance Technologies: Outcome of board meeting
Avance Technologies has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, have taken the following decision:- To allot 1341529930 Equity Shares on preferential basis to allottees in conformity with the provision(s) of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009.
Post your opinion here
 
Avance Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, have taken the following decision:- To allot 1341529930 Equity Shares on preferential basis to allottees in conformity with the provision(s) of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009.Source : BSE

Jubilant Life Sciences reports Q2 net loss of Rs 94 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jubilant Life Sciences reports Q2 net loss of Rs 94 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Jubilant Life Sciences today posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 94.11 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. The company had posted a net loss of Rs 80.58 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
Its net sales for the September quarter stood at Rs 1,362.11 crore during the period, down 4.36 per cent compared to Rs 1,424.3 crore in the same period previous fiscal.
Jubilant Life Sciences, Chairman and Managing Director, Shyam S Bhartia said: “The company’s performance in the quarter was affected mainly due to the continued impact of US FDA Warning letter on Spokane facility and adverse price impact on account of new capacities and regulatory changes in China in Advanced Intermediates business.”
Overall expenses of the company went up by 7.56 per cent to Rs 1,329.29 crore in Q2 of FY’15 against Rs 1,235.75 crore in the Q2 of FY’14.
During the quarter, revenue of pharmaceuticals segment declined 11.34 per cent to Rs 614.30 crore, while revenue from life science ingredients segment went up by 1.67 per cent to Rs 756.8 crore.
For the half year ended September 30, 2014, the company posted a net loss of Rs 89.33 crore as against net loss of Rs 133.20 crore in the year ago period.
Net sales of the company for the half year ended September 30, 2014, rose to Rs 2,822.64 crore compared to Rs 2,742.34 crore in same period previous fiscal.
Shares of Jubilant Life Sciences closed at Rs 164.85, up 1.13% per cent from their previous close on BSE.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Lafarge  Holcim notify proposed merger with European CommissionLafarge, Holcim notify proposed merger with European Commission
PTI
Tweet
London, Oct 28:  
Aiming to complete their mega merger to create world’s largest building material company in first half of next year, Lafarge and Holcim have formally notified the European Commission about the amalgamation plan for regulatory approval.
“With this notification, Holcim and Lafarge have now completed all necessary notifications with the regulatory authorities worldwide,” Holcim said in a release today.
Holcim has majority stake in two leading major Indian cement firms — ACC Ltd and Ambuja Cements. Lafarge has eight million tonnes capacity in India.
The two, however, slightly amended their proposed assets disinvestment plan in Europe in their notification to European Commission from what was stated during the “constructive” pre-notification discussions.
“Compared with the list of assets presented on July 7, 2014, the two companies now propose: to retain Lafarge’s Mannersdorf plant located in Austria and to divest all of Holcim’s operations in Slovakia,” it said.
In the rest of the world, the proposed list of assets remains the same, with the exception of the Philippines, as announced by the boards of directors of Lafarge Republic Inc. and of Holcim Philippines Inc.
“In parallel to the regulatory process, Holcim and Lafarge are in ongoing negotiations with potential buyers of the assets that are proposed for divestment,” it said.
The divestment process would be carried out in the framework of the relevant social processes and ongoing dialogue with the employee representatives’ bodies.
“The closing of the planned merger is expected in H1 2015, with the aim of creating the most balanced and diversified portfolio in the industry, operating in 90 countries and creating superior value for its stakeholders and customers,” it said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Modi govt to build ports along river GangaNarendra Modi govt to build ports, industrial clusters along river Ganga
Rohit Vaid     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 19:37 IST
A devotee immerses an idol of the Hindu elephant god Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, in the waters of river Ganga during the ten-day-long Ganesh Chaturthi festival in Kolkata August 31, 2014.. Photo: Reuters
The reform-minded Narendra Modi government is considering riverside ports at major cities and industrial clusters on the Ganga to boost its 'Make in India' initiative.
Converting waterways into commerce way is now a priority for the government, a senior official told IANS.
For this, a detailed Request for Qualification (RFQ) tender will soon be issued to private players who are ready to manage and successfully run the system.
Port infrastructure is planned at cities like Varanasi, Allahabad and Patna among others, the official added. The development comes following Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari's calculation which placed river transportation as the most cost-effective.
The government will initially put in the capital required for constructing the infrastructure, while private players will manage the business aspect and share the revenue with the government.
"If it costs Rs.1.50 per km to transport goods by road, it costs less than Rs.1 by rail and this comes down to only Rs.0.50 when goods are transported through the inland waterways," Gadkari had told IANS earlier at a conference here.
The industry agrees, stating that inland waterways are substantially underused and such a development will help in further developing the sector.
"Inland waterways in India are substantially underused by international standards and so the government is quite right to pursue this policy direction," Julian Michael Bevis, senior director, group relations, South Asia for The Maersk Group, told IANS.
Bevis' views are corroborated by Adil Zaidi, director, government and transaction advisory services, Ernst & Young, who said that a policy in this regard with standard bidding documents will help in mitigating risks and ease regulatory issues.
"Ports are being proposed to be developed along the riverside systems across India (like Mahanadi in Odisha and Sagar Island in West Bengal). A robust policy with standard bidding documents for such ports will help in mitigating risks and ease regulatory issues," Zaidi told IANS.
India has about 14,500 km of navigable waterways which comprise rivers, canals, backwaters and creeks.
About 55 million tonnes of cargo is moved annually by inland water transport (IWT). Around 23,684,728 metric tonnes (MT) of cargo moved on the national waterways-1, 2, 3, in 2012-13.
Cargo like cement, fly ash, iron ore, coal, steel shed, tyres, galvanized steel plain sheet, stone chips, furnace oil, diesel, lube oil, pulses, aluminium block, sand, petroleum products and timber are being majorly transported by IWT.
Currently, the IWT operations are restricted to a few stretches in the Ganga-Bhagirathi-Hooghly rivers, the Brahmaputra, the Barak, the river systems in Goa, the backwaters of Kerala, and the deltaic regions of the Krishna-Godavari rivers.
Besides organised operations by mechanised vessels, country-made boats of various capacities also operate in these rivers and canals, ferrying cargo and passengers in the unorganised sector.

Govt has proposal for free glucose test for ...You are here: Home > Collections > China
Government has proposal for free glucose test for entire population
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 06.14PM IST
Tags:
Blindness
(With a whopping 67 million…)
NEW DELHI: With a whopping 67 million people estimated to be affected by diabetes in the country, the government is considering a proposal for conducting free glucose test for the entire population.
"Diabetes has reached epidemic proportion in India and there is a plan to arrange free glucose test for the entire population. It is under consideration for quite a long time and we are into an inter-ministerial discussions," Science and Technology Minister Jitendra Singh told reporters here.
He said the idea behind the move is that earlier detection of the disease can lead to easier management of the disease and lesser possibility of the risk of complications such as kidney failure and blindness which causes enormous burden on the society.
"We are number two in the world in terms of diabetes cases and soon we could overtake China and hence the screening of the disease becomes crucial," he said.
According to estimates, India already has 67 million diabetes cases while China has about 92 million. It is estimated that by 2030, India will have around 100 million diabetes patients and could surpass even China.
Singh referred to the research supported by the Department of Biotechnology on genes and development of stem cells which could be an answer to many diseases such as diabetes.
The government had earlier announced its plan to launch the flagship National Health Assurance Mission which would comprise assured health packages, including essential drugs and diagnostics.
While the poor are likely to get treatment free of cost under the mission, the rest of the population are expected to be covered under an insurance mechanism.
A package of preventive and positive health information will also be made available to all citizens and health insurance will be a built-in feature of the mission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Received 3500 inquiries in less than 1 month: Invest IndiaReceived 3500 inquiries in less than 1 month: Invest India
Nifty looks strong technically  positive on banks: AnalystNifty looks strong technically  positive on banks: Analyst
Nestle Q3 net up 9.22% at Rs 311.29 croreOct 28, 2014, 06.49 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Nestle Q3 net up 9.22% at Rs 311.29 crore
Net sales of the company rose to Rs 2,557.8 crore for the third quarter, up 8.92 per cent compared to Rs 2,348.31 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nestle Q3 net up 9.22% at Rs 311.29 crore
Net sales of the company rose to Rs 2,557.8 crore for the third quarter, up 8.92 per cent compared to Rs 2,348.31 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Post your opinion here
 
FMCG major  Nestle India today posted a 9.22 per cent increase in consolidated net profit of Rs 311.29 crore for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, as subdued demand continued to impact the sector.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 285 crore during the same period last year, Nestle said in a BSE filing. Nestle follows January-December financial year. Net sales of the company rose to Rs 2,557.8 crore for the third quarter, up 8.92 per cent compared to Rs 2,348.31 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Commenting on the results, Nestle India Managing Director Etienne Benet said: "Despite input cost pressure, focus on various efficiency and cost containment programs have enabled us to deliver healthy margins. We continue to rationalise the product portfolio to eliminate low margins stock keeping units (SKUs) which are not in line with our vision of nutrition, health and wellness or growth strategy."
Nestle said that though sales dynamics are better, the company remains cautious as "it is yet to feel the buoyancy from the external environment".
Overall expenses in during the quarter under review stood at Rs 2,107.48 crore, up 8.84 per cent compared with Rs 1,936.25 crore in the third of previous calender year.
Nestle said cost of material consumed has increased mainly due to higher cost of milk and its derivatives in India, which is even higher than those in international
markets.
For the nine month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 858.31 crore as against net profit of Rs 835.47 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Net sales of the company for the nine month period ended September 30, rose to Rs 7,290.17 crore as compared to Rs 6,809.60 crore in same period in the previous fiscal. The board of the company has declared a second interim dividend of Rs 30 per share for 2014, the company said. Shares of Nestle India closed at Rs 5,969.80 apiece, down 2.20 per cent on BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Kutch begins evacuation as cyclone Nilofar looms largeNilofar is expected to make landfall near Naliya on October 31. (Source: AP)
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:50 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:55 pm
In wake of the approaching cyclonic storm, Nilofar , the district administration in Kutch (Gujarat) has decided to evacuate 30,000 people living near the shore-line, official sources said.
“We have planned to evacuate 30,000 people living in “kaccha” houses in 123 villages of seven talukas. These villages are those located 0-15 kilometers from the shoreline,” said MS Patel, district collector of Kutch .
The district administration has also asked for additional forces. “Three of the four NDRF teams have already arrived to assist the district administration. The fourth will arrive tomorrow. We have also asked all officials to move into interior areas and assist the local residents in preparing for the storm,” Patel said.
The administration has also requested for two companies of State Reserve Police. Nilofar is expected to make landfall near Naliya on October 31.

Burdwan blast: India to hand over dossier to Bangladesh government to counter JMBPrint
Sources said Kausar was hiding in Birbhum in West Bengal till October 5 but fled from there too later.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:03 pm
India will be handing over a dossier to Bangladesh government for preventive steps and necessary action needed to be taken by Dhaka to counter the threat posed by Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB).
Taking the issue seriously, the Centre had deputed National Security Advisor Ajit Doval to visit Burdwan for having a first-hand knowledge of the conspiracy being hatched by alleged cadres of JMB to target Bangladesh government from Indian soil, official sources said on Tuesday.
The Narendra Modi government has made it clear that it will have friendly relations with all neighbouring countries and following that policy, National Investigation Agency (NIA) has been asked to complete the investigation into the October 2 blast as soon as possible so that all contours of the international terror conspiracy are exposed, the sources said.
Doval, who had a lengthy meeting with West Bengal Chief Minister Mamta Banerjee on Monday, explained to her about the deep-rooted conspiracy being hatched from West Bengal to target installations in neighbouring Bangladesh.
During the meeting, Banerjee admitted lapses at the initial stage of the probe into the blast and expressed her displeasure against the local police for the manner in which they had handled the case, sources privy to the development said.
Banerjee was particularly upset with the local police for their inability to recover a sack containing 40 improvised hand grenades. It was unearthed by NIA nearly a week after the October two explosion at the Burdwan house.
Besides, the key mastermind of the whole plot, Sheikh Kausar, could manage to flee from the area apparently due to alleged lackadaisical approach of West Bengal Police, the sources said.
Sources said Kausar was hiding in Birbhum in West Bengal till October 5 but fled from there too later.

Cyclone Nilofar to have mild affect in Rajasthan: MeT departmentPrint
The cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour.
By: Press Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:16 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:33 pm
Cyclone Nilofar, developing in the Arabian Sea, would have mild affect in Rajasthan’s border districts of Barmer, Jalore and Jodhpur on its arrival later this week, a MeT official said on Tuesday.
The cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour, Chief MeT Official B N Vishnoi said.
“As per today’s speed, its arrival would be delayed from October 30-31 to November one as it is located at Kutch- Naliya, and it would likely to strike Rajasthan’s border districts of Barmer, Jalore and Jodhpur after November one”, Vishnoi said.
“There would likely to be a mild affect of Nilofar in Rajasthan, and there would be wind speed of 20 to 30 km accompanied with showers after November one”, he said.
“Nilofar could cause damage to crops like Bajra, Gawar, Moong cereal, and Soya bean which were harvested and lying in the open field, and for this there should be a warning for farmers to take it to a warehouse storage at the earliest”, he said.
Mild cold winds would be tolerable to public, but risky for farmers whose crop produce was lying in the fields or open place, he said.

More than 1500 people diagnosed with tuberculosis in MizoramWritten by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:22 pm
More than 1500 people have been diagnosed with tuberculosis in Mizoram this year.
But there has been a 91 percent successful treatment rate and 11 people have died from the disease, a high-level health meeting was told in Aizawl on Tuesday.
State TB officer Dr Vanlalhruaii said at a review meeting chaired by Health Services Director Dr Rohmingthanga Ralte that a total of 1562 people have been diagnosed with the illness between January and September this year, a figure which includes 10 multi-drug resistant TB patients.
Besides these, 42 people have been identified as those suffering from both TB and HIV.
In all, 7344 people have been examined for the disease in the same period, Dr Vanlalhruaii said.

http://usat.ly/1wytzIHFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks: Dow jumps back above 17,000, Nasdaq surges
Consumer confidence rose sharply in October, reaching its highest level in seven years despite the volatile stock market and global economic weakness.
Post to Facebook
Stocks: Dow jumps back above 17,000, Nasdaq surges Consumer confidence rose sharply in October, reaching its highest level in seven years despite the volatile stock market and global economic weakness. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wytzIH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks: Dow jumps back above 17,000, Nasdaq surges
Video Keywords Consolidated Edison Fast moving stocks speaking stocks Geron Edison USA today New York
Some stocks are as fast as Cheetahs -- but maybe it's best just to watch them run, Matt Krantz says.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Fast moving stocks are like she does the fun to
00:02  watch what they run. But that doesn't mean you have the
00:06  chase them. I'm Matt Krantz this is America's markets yeah. There
00:15  were eight stocks in the SP 500 moving so fast it
00:18  already blown past the price targets he's speaking stocks were up
00:22  10% or rent us the past thirty days. And they're operating
00:25  here. The trouble is the racing right past what analysts say
00:29  they should be worth. In eighteen months utilities are great example
00:33  investors piled into utilities in October when they were freaked out
00:37  about the market. It filters are popular place to hide. The
00:41  trouble is so many investors were hiding utility stocks dropped three
00:45  of the eight stocks that raced past their targets are utilities.
00:49  They Consolidated. Edison the company provides power to the New York
00:53  area. The stock is up 11%. The past thirty days and
00:57  it's great considering the market is down 1% during that time.
01:01  The trading north of sixty bucks a share. The stock is
01:04  trading above analysts' price target a 58 dollars this year. It's
01:08  a similar situation for a Geron. The drug maker's stock has
01:12  ripped. 13%. Over the past thirty days that's the good news
01:17  that bad news is trading 5% above what analysts say the
01:20  stock is worth. Clearly it was part of might be too
01:24  conservative illustrate we generally outperform suggesting they think that it chase
01:29  might be worth running. Just hope you have good running shoes.
01:32  This is Matt Krantz and USA today.
Ed Brackett , USA TODAY 5:06 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
43 CONNECT 137 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks jumped Tuesday and the Dow closed back above 17,000 for the first time since October 3 after investors were encouraged by earnings gains and a rise in consumer confidence.
The Nasdaq, helped by speculation of a possible Apple partnership with Alibaba, led the major indexes higher. Investors were also focused on interest rates as the Fed began its two-day monetary policy meeting.
The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 187.81 points, or 1.1%, to 17,005.75. The Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped 23.42 points, or 1.2%, to 1985.05.
The Nasdaq composite surged 78.36 points, or 1.7%, to 4564.29. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq have now erased all of October's losses and are in the black for the month.
Tech stocks got a boost from the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba ( BABA ) as the company not only shook off its IPO malaise, but Tuesday became the latest stock to hit $100 a share.
Alibaba share jumped 1.9% to $99.68 after rising as high as $100.67 earlier on news the company that operates giant shopping sites in China might be working with Apple and its Apple Pay initiative. Apple ( AAPL ) gained 1.6% to $106.74 on the news.
Moving decisively in the other direction: Twitter. Shares of TWTR tumbled 9.8% to $43.78 after its earnings report late Monday failed to excite investors.
Drug giant Pfizer reported better-than-expected third-quarter earnings . Shares of PFE rose 0.2% to $29.09.
In economic news:
• Consumer confidence rose sharply in October, reaching its highest level in seven years despite the volatile stock market and global economic weakness. Outlook rose to 94.5 from 89 in September, on the gauge used by the Conference Board.
• Home prices continued to rise more slowly in August , turning in their smallest year-over-year gains in nearly two years, according to the Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city index of home prices. The report, out before the opening bell, shows home prices rose 5.6% from August 2013.
Fed opens 2-day meeting amid volatile markets and slowing global economy. But stay-the-course stance expected http://t.co/XSsN4QV4rH
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 28, 2014
Overseas, Asian markets were mixed as Japan's Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.4% to 15,329.91. But Hong Kong's Hang Seng index shot up 1.6% to 23,520.36 and the Shanghai composite leaped 2.1% to 2337.87.
European benchmarks rose, with Germany's DAX soaring 1.9% to 9068.19 and Britain's FTSE index adding 0.6% to 6402.17.
Contributing: Paul Davidson, Doug Carroll.
Consumer confidence hits 7-yr high in Oct. Takeaway: U.S. households upbeat ahead of the key holiday shopping season, says Capital Economics
— Adam Shell (@adamshell) October 28, 2014
Ask Matt: Is now the time to buy Twitter? http://t.co/WRdnpF79Tv Photo: @GettyImages pic.twitter.com/R2Cn1HPLJF
43 CONNECT 137 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wytzIH
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1FSrJrnFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Jack Ma: How Whitney Houston inspired me
Jack Ma, the richest man in China and the head of the e-commerce site Alibaba Group,  told an audience Monday about how he learned how to make a speech by watching Whitney Houston in The Bodyguard.
Post to Facebook
Jack Ma: How Whitney Houston inspired me Jack Ma, the richest man in China and the head of the e-commerce site Alibaba Group,  told an audience Monday about how he learned how to make a speech by watching Whitney Houston in The Bodyguard. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u1j7eQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Jack Ma: How Whitney Houston inspired me
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 9:28 a.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Alibaba Group chief Jack Ma at WSJDLive conference
(Photo: Jefferson Graham)
72 CONNECT 31 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif.— Jack Ma, the richest man in China and the head of the e-commerce site Alibaba Group, is a huge movie fan.
Speaking to the WSJDLive conference here, he told how he learned how to make a speech by watching Whitney Houston in The Bodyguard.
"When she sings, I watched her body movement," he said. "I realized, if you sing from your heart," you can make a speech.
Ma, who said he planned to meet with Hollywood studios Tuesday to talk about financing movies to play in China and on devices, cited other favorite movies as inspiration, including the Godfather films, and Forrest Gump.
"These are my muse, my inspirations."
The Alibaba (Ticker: BABA ) sites get 100 million visitors daily — but newsflash — Ma says he's never shopped online. "But my wife does."
Ma spoke often about his wife. He said he asked her when he started Alibaba, would she rather be rich or respected. She chose "respected, because she never thought I'd be rich."
MORE FROM USA TODAY TECH

http://usat.ly/1wyoiRqCase-Shiller: Home price gains still slowing
Case-Shiller's 20-city index of home prices shows a 5.6% gain in August vs. a year earlier.
Post to Facebook
Case-Shiller: Home price gains still slowing Case-Shiller's 20-city index of home prices shows a 5.6% gain in August vs. a year earlier. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wyoiRq
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Case-Shiller: Home price gains still slowing
Doug Carroll, USA TODAY 6:12 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
A sign hangs in front of a recently sold home in Quincy, Mass.
(Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP)
Home prices continued to rise more slowly in August, turning in their smallest year-over-year gains in nearly two years, a closely followed report out Tuesday shows.
The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-City Index of home prices rose 5.6% from August 2013, S&P said.
That's down from a 6.7% gain in July and well below the double-digit annual increases seen in most of 2013 and earlier this year.
The broader S&P/Case-Shiller National Home Price Index also slowed in August, posting a 5.1% annual gain compared with 5.6% in July.
Slower rising home prices bode well for the housing market's continuing recovery nearly seven years after the market's historic collapse, economists say.
Greg Bird, an economist with Moody's Analytics, points to the smaller decline in the national price index than the 20-city index. Price appreciation is slowing most in big cities where gains were sharpest in recent years due to investor demand for foreclosures and distressed properties, Bird says. But prices have been rising slowly all along in markets that didn't see such feverish investor buying.
Increasing household formation and restrained home building is a recipe for prices to climb, but gains are likely to be modest over the next couple of years, Bird says.
Stan Humphries, chief economist of the real estate website Zillow, says the recovery is shifting to a more slow and steady course.
"In housing, boring is better," he says. "As appreciation cools and more inventory comes on line, buyers will start to gain a more competitive advantage, after years of sellers being in the driver's seat. More sedate home value growth, coupled with interest rates that remain incredibly low, will also help housing stay affordable, which is critical to drawing in the next generation of younger, first-time buyers that had been sitting on the sidelines."
The Case-Shiller report shows annual gains fell in 19 of the index's 20 cities in August, with Cleveland being the lone exception. The slowdown was greatest in Las Vegas, where the year-over-year return fell from 12.8% in July to 10.1% in August. Miami, which had a 10.5% annual gain, took the lead away from Las Vegas as the city with the sharpest annual gain in average home prices.
Other Western U.S. cities also showed a cooling in the pace of home price gains. In San Francisco, average prices rose 9% in August — the first month since November 2012 when the annual increase was measured in single digits.
"The deceleration in home prices continues," said David Blitzer, chairman of the Index Committee at S&P Dow Jones Indices. "Despite the weaker year-over-year numbers, home prices are still showing an overall increase, as the national index increased for its eighth consecutive month."
All cities in the 20-city index except Boston and Detroit had lower monthly returns in August compared with July. Detroit led gainers with a 0.8% increase in prices. San Francisco fell 0.4% in August from July, while Charlotte and San  Diego each posted declines of 0.1%.
San Francisco, which has some of the highest housing prices in the country, was the only city in the index where month-to-month comparisons showed falling average prices in both July and August. Prices fell 0.3% in July from June.
.

No problem with anyone probing black money: Arun JaitleyOct 28, 2014, 08.58 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
No problem with anyone probing black money: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said that the list will be given to the Supreme Court in a sealed envelope. However, he refrained from commenting whether the government is ready open to make the names public.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
No problem with anyone probing black money: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said that the list will be given to the Supreme Court in a sealed envelope. However, he refrained from commenting whether the government is ready open to make the names public.
Post your opinion here
 
Responding to the Supreme Court's directive to the Centre to disclose names of all the account holders in the black money case, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday evening said that the government has no problem in disclosing any names. "The government has no difficulty in placing the entire list and the same will be placed before the court tomorrow," he said.
Jaitley added that the government shall place the list before the court. "The government has already given the list to the court constituted Special Investigating Team on June 27. The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law we must get to the root of the matter," the Finance Minister said.
Jaitley said that the list will be given to the Supreme Court in a sealed envelope. However, he refrained from commenting whether the government is ready open to make the names public.
"The truth about these names and also these accounts must come out so that penal action can be taken against the people and the money lying there can be brought back to India," Jaitley said.
He also denied that the government was not protecting anyone by and agreed that law must be followed. "There is nobody the government wants to protect in this case so that those whose names have come must really be investigated and punished according to law," he said.
"The government is also keen that the procedure followed must be such that the reciprocating countries continue to cooperate with India," he added.
The Supreme Court had on Tuesday directing the Central Government to disclose the names of all the account holders by Wednesday. The Supreme Court had pulled up the Centre for seeking modification of its order on black money on disclosing names of account holders in foreign banks. "We won't change even a word of our order," the apex court had told the government in clear words.
Talking tough, the SC had further said, "new regime at Centre can't ask for modification of the order when it was passed in an open court and accepted by the government." The next hearing of the case is scheduled on Wednesday at 10:00 am.
The apex court had questioned the Centre as of why it was providing a "protective umbrella" to foreign bank account holders. "You do not do anything. Just pass information of account holders to us and we will pass order for further probe," the court directed.
The Central Government had on Monday revealed the names of three businessmen who allegedly have black money stashed in foreign banks. It has been maintaining that it cannot make all the names public as it would violate the double taxation treaty signed by the UPA government.
RELATED NEWS

5 Things to Know About GamergateThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Cramer: Key to this marketcramer: key to this market
Step Two Corporation to hold board meetingStep Two Corporation to hold board meeting
Lupin closes down; Q2 net profit at Rs6.3bnLupin closes down; Q2 net profit at Rs6.3bn
Lupin Q2 net up 55 per cent at Rs 630 croreLupin Q2 net up 55 per cent at Rs 630 crore
Good customer service key for businesses in India: SurveyGood customer service key for businesses in India: Survey
VTM standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 46.44 croreVTM standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 46.44 crore
Pranab Mukherjee gives consent to LG s move to invite BJP to form govt in DelhiPranab Mukherjee gives consent to LG s move to invite BJP to form govt in Delhi
India s GDP Likely to Grow by 5.6 Pct in FY15: World BankIndia s GDP Likely to Grow by 5.6 Pct in FY15: World Bank
Black money: Disclose all names  SC tells govtBlack money: Disclose all names  SC tells govt
Why Millennials  Woes Could Harm the World s Economywhy millennials  woes could harm the world s economy
Theres Now a Host of Ambitious Terminology for Women in the Workplace -- Are Men Feeling Left Outreddit
Every study indicates Millennial males are an evolved model of masculinity: kinder, more accepting, not intimidated by dirty diapers, comfortable sharing power with a new generation of high-achieving females.
But how well do we really know them -- particularly in the workplace? The new generation of women at work has been peeled, prodded and parsed from every angle -- their education, their numbers, their issues, their needs, their frustrations. But you would be hard-pressed to find one illuminating equivalent study on the male side of the gender divide.
The lexicon of women and work is crowded with terms like "queen bee," "glass ceiling," "burnout," "have it all," "mommy track," "on ramps," and "lean in." Name one for young men.
There are some indications that the adjustment isn't as smooth as the assumptions of an evolved male might indicate. Pew research finds that young women are, for the first time, surpassing young men in career ambition: 67 percent of women put career success high on their list of life's goals, versus 60 percent for males. It's a statistically significant difference, and an even more significant shift from decades past -- when the majority of women were just happy to be in the game.
All such surveys run into the same question: is the rebalancing -- in this case, of career expectations -- a matter of males trending down, or females catching up? Are the genders working their way toward equilibrium, or are we seeing the start of long-term trends?
Either way, for men born after 1980, theirs is a generation of adjustment. They have seen a rebuilding of architectures of support in everything from girl's sports to female-only scholarships to the broad encouragement for females to break down barriers. All of that, of course, reflects the maturation of a better, fairer society -- where ability has blown large holes in the former battlements of privilege.
In a Shriver Report article "Has a Man's World become a Woman's Nation?" sociologist Michael Kimmel, a leading researcher and author on men and masculinity, sees distinct male reactions to the new power-sharing.
Some see the rise in female power as an "invasion." They are in a fighting mood, determined to recapture lost territory. Others, he argues, are largely indifferent to economic and other measures of female progress. For these "masculinists," it's about retrieving an "inner sense of their own masculinity." Many, he says, find it in men's empowerment groups or in the reaches of cyberspace.
It's likely that most male Millennials in the workforce fall into Kimmel's third category. They fall somewhere between "eager embrace and resigned acceptance." They think it's right. They think it's fair. But they are largely along for a "rather apolitical ride." Their support is rooted in the reality of change.
Adapting to what's right and inevitable means getting past what many see as a continuation of the unequal support this generation has experienced since childhood. Roughly 90 percent of Fortune 500 companies have organized and funded women's-affinity groups. The number of men's-affinity groups are a handful and largely informal. Companies talk openly about their commitment to hire more women and put them on special development tracks. Men in many organizations see flextime, job sharing, and extended maternity leave largely as gains for females.
It's a fair point that, by numbers and culture, entire organizations can be called a male-affinity group. But for male Millennials, that is a situation not of their making. It would be understandable that they look at these special support programs and see an unfair advantage to those competing for the same promotions.
Since there is so little about male Millennial opinion, I asked a number of young male managers their thoughts on the fairness of the new corporate rule book. These conversations -- though well short of a representative sampling -- found both support and questions.
Said one: "When you think about it, we all grew up at a time when women were getting extra support. It's just been part of our lives. But I think most men will tell you that it makes no sense that 90 percent of a school's athletic budget goes to boy's sports. Or that a woman qualified for a job gets moved aside because she's a woman.
"On the other hand," he quickly added, "let me tell you what I just experienced. A number of us applied for an open position. It went to a woman who was in the Women's Leadership Group. The supervisor for that position is the sponsor of the group. "You look at that, and you wonder. Is she the best candidate? Quite possibly. Did being a woman and a member of the leadership group give her just enough of an edge to get the job? How can you rule that out?"
Another had a different view. "It's not like they suddenly imported a whole new category of people to compete for a finite number of jobs. The talented competition has always been there. It's just that, now, a lot of that competition is female. I see some extra support. But I don't see outright bias. I don't believe things like women's groups and mentoring are discrimination--certainly not the kind that used to block the way for women."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says that just over half of "management, professional and related occupation" positions are now held by women. Smart employers who want to find and develop the best talent regardless of gender should make sure they equally tuned in to the hopes and needs of the other half. Listen carefully. They tend to be quiet.
Follow Dr. Peggy Drexler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drpeggydrexler
More:

REBECCA COOK / Reutersrebecca cook / reuters
Pampered Chef names Buffett adviser new CEO0
Christopher had been serving as Pampered Chef's interim CEO since December and will continue to work closely with Cool, with the pair reporting directly to Buffett.
"I couldn't think of a better leadership duo at the helm of The Pampered Chef," Buffett said in a statement. "With Tracy's experience helping Berkshire companies reach their full potential and Doris' passion for both The Pampered Chef's consultants and products, I see great things in the company's future."
Cool will remain chairman of three Berkshire Hathaway companies: paint retailer Benjamin Moore; picture frame company Larson-Juhl; and online party supplies retailer Oriental Trading Co. Cool also will keep her seat on the board of H.J. Heinz.
The Pampered Chef has 60,000 independent consultants who sell a variety of kitchen gadgets through direct sales methods such as in-home parties. The company said it has 12 million annual customers.
The Pampered Chef's profit fell in 2013, according to Berkshire Hathaway's annual report.

Ola to raise $210 mn from SoftBank  other investorsOla to raise $210 mn from SoftBank, other investors
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 15:12 IST
Ola, a mobile app for cab booking, will raise $210 million (about Rs 1,260 crore) from Japan's SoftBank Group and other existing investors Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital.
Ola (formerly Olacabs) has entered into a definitive agreement with SoftBank Internet and Media, Inc. (SIMI) and other existing investors to raise $210 million, it said in a statement on Tuesday.
The company has its presence in 19 cities across India, including a recent addition of 9 new places on its map in the last two months.
Commenting on the development SoftBank Corp Chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son said, "We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market."
Ola Co-founder & CEO Bhavish Aggarwal said, "We will continue to build towards our vision of transportation as a seamless and ubiquitous service in every corner of the country and focus on the driver ecosystem to enable micro entrepreneurship and skill development at scale."
According to Vice Chairman of SoftBank and CEO of SIMI Nikesh Arora: India has the third largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper internet access, a big growth potential.
SoftBank Internet & Media, Inc (SIMI) is a newly formed subsidiary of SoftBank. Founded in 2011 by IIT Bombay alumni, Ola in past has also raised funds from Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India, Steadview Capital and Sequoia Capital. 

More than 1500 people diagnosed with tuberculosis inMizoramWritten by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:22 pm
More than 1500 people have been diagnosed with tuberculosis in Mizoram this year.
But there has been a 91 percent successful treatment rate and 11 people have died from the disease, a high-level health meeting was told in Aizawl on Tuesday.
State TB officer Dr Vanlalhruaii said at a review meeting chaired by Health Services Director Dr Rohmingthanga Ralte that a total of 1562 people have been diagnosed with the illness between January and September this year, a figure which includes 10 multi-drug resistant TB patients.
Besides these, 42 people have been identified as those suffering from both TB and HIV.
In all, 7344 people have been examined for the disease in the same period, Dr Vanlalhruaii said.

Will wait till new CM takes oath  says Sena on supporting BJP inMaharashtraPrint
Asked if the Sena will support its former ally in forming the state government, Raut chose to maintain silence. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:33 pm
Asserting that it has not demanded any specific portfolios from BJP, the Shiv Sena on Tuesday said it will wait till the swearing-in of new Chief Minister before taking a final call on supporting its former ally.
“There is a lot of false news being spread in the media that we have demanded the post of the Deputy Chief Minister or some specific portfolios in return of our support to BJP. I want the media to stop focusing on baseless rumours. We have not demanded anything yet,” Sena MP Sanjay Raut told reporters on the sidelines of his meet with party chief Uddhav Thackeray at the latter’s residence.
Asked if the Sena will support its former ally in forming the state government, Raut chose to maintain silence.
“There is no point in saying anything at the moment. We will speak when the time comes. For now, please wait till the new CM takes oath on the 31st of this month,” Raut said.
Notably, the Sena had yesterday spoken openly in favour of a BJP-led coalition government for the first time and on Tuesday, in an editorial in party mouthpiece ‘Saamana’, it praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for changing the cultural face of the country.
Senior Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi, who also met Uddhav on Tuesday, told reporters that he had general discussions with the party chief and they did not discuss politics.
“We didn’t meet for any special talks. I am like a family member to Uddhavji and it is not abnormal for me to visit him. I can only say let BJP make the first move and then we will decide on our support to our former ally,” Joshi said.

E-Commerce to Be $100 Bn Opportunity in India: SnapdealAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Japanese telecom major SoftBank has agreed to buy a $627 million (Rs 3,825 crore at $1 = Rs 61) stake in online retailer Snapdeal, seeking to tap into India's growing e-commerce market. This would be the biggest investment by a single investor in the e-commerce sector in India. ( Read full story )
Snapdeal, founded by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal four years ago, has raised about $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) this year. Co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl, an engineer from University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Wharton School, spoke to NDTV about the SoftBank deal and its future plans. ( Watch )
Highlights:
The capital from SoftBank would be invested into its technology platform to make it easier for entrepreneurs to sell online
We aim to build a platform that makes it very easy for anyone intending to be an entrepreneur to sell within one hour
Our goal is to create life-changing experiences for 1 million small businesses in India over the next three years
Currently, over 50,000 small businesses selling on our platform
The SoftBank investment is a validation of our focus with which we worked over the past few years
The SoftBank investment done at a premium as compared to the previous round
SoftBank chief Masayoshi Son may have seen in Snapdeal what he had seen in Alibaba 15 years ago (SoftBank has a significant stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba)
Notion that e-commerce businesses don't make money is wrong
Tremendous headroom to grow in the business
Our business is similar to Alibaba's
Over the next 7-8 years Indian e-commerce sector to touch $100 billion, from current level of $5-6 billion
Feel as paranoid about our business as the time when we first started from the basement of a furniture market in Delhi
Customers can email me directly at kunal.bahl@snapdeal.com if they have any problems
Challenges in this business like any other business are many and changing
This year's growth in e-commerce was not foreseen by anyone, including us
The growth has been exponential
30 per cent of all the sellers on Snapdeal are first-time women entrepreneurs
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 19:02 (IST)

Apple and Alibaba Hint at Partnershipapple and alibaba hint at partnership
Not interested in withholding any names: AG Mukul RohatgiOct 28, 2014, 07.57 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Have no problem sharing names of account holders with SC'
Rohatgi said, "The government is not interested in hiding or withholding any names". The government has no issues with any agency investigating the case, he added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Have no problem sharing names of account holders with SC'
Rohatgi said, "The government is not interested in hiding or withholding any names". The government has no issues with any agency investigating the case, he added.
Post your opinion here
 
We have no problem or hesitation to share the names with the Supreme Court. As we have done with the SIT.
Mukul Rohatgi
Attorney General
Government of India
After the Supreme Court on Tuesday rapped the government for withholding information and directed it to disclose all entities named in the black money list provided by foreign authorities by tomorrow, the Attorney General of India, Mukul Rohatgi in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said they had already shared the list of names with Special Investigating Team (SIT) in June itself and would have no problem in sharing names of account holders with Supreme Court.
Rohatgi said, "The government is not interested in hiding or withholding any names". The government has no issues with any agency investigating the case, he added.
Below is the transcript of Mukul Rohatgi’s interview with Ashmit Kumar on CNBC-TV18.
Rohatgi: I told the court that we have disclosed all the names, the entire list which we received from France to the Special Investigating Team (SIT) in the month of June this year.
You must also keep in mind that this government was formed in the end of May. The first step it did was to constitute the SIT. The moment SIT was constituted the entire list was given to the SIT. Thereafter investigation commenced in respect of about 600 odd names in that list, somewhere the investigation is over, somewhere the investigation is pending and all this is under the supervision of the SIT.
We have no problem or hesitation to share the names with the Supreme Court. As we have done with the SIT because the SIT is the creature of the Supreme Court, it functions under the Supreme Court’s jurisdiction. So, there is no question of any reluctance on our part. I made it clear to the court that we are not interested in hiding any names, we are not interested in differentiating or cheery-picking some names or withholding some names.
We were only placing before the court that we will face a problem in future treaties which we have to execute if all the names become public even without there being a finding whether the account is genuine and valid and therefore we will be in difficulty in giving the certification required to the US under a treaty. However, the court said that the first thing you do is to give the names to us.
So, we are compiling the same names which we have got a list from France, which we have already given to SIT; the same list we shall be compiling and giving a latest status report as to what has happened in respect to those accounts to the Supreme Court tomorrow at 10:30 in a sealed cover.
Q: How do today's developments impact the government stance because the government had clarified in very clear terms that it is confronted with a very simple choice either not receive the information in the first place or to exercise some restraint to respect the international standards of confidentiality?
Rohatgi: I made the position plain to the court that if all names comes in public domain without verifying whether they are valid accounts or invalid accounts it will actually be in breach of para 76 of the judgment of the court.
Ultimately all information may dry up if we are unable to comply with confidentiality treatments. I made it plain to the court but the court first said that you please disclose the names first; so that is what we are going to do.
Q: Is there a real and foreseeable impact on information sharing packs with jurisdiction such as Switzerland, jurisdiction such as United States in terms of addressing this issue of black money in the first place?
Rohatgi: If we are unable to comply with the treaty then the receipt of information in the future will be adversely affected.
RELATED NEWS

Airbus  Tata Sons bid for Indian aircraft dealAirbus, Tata Sons place $2-bn bid for Indian Air Force aircraft deal
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 19:58 IST
Picture for representational purpose.
Tata Sons and Europe's Airbus have bid for a multi-billion dollar contract to replace the Indian Air Force's ageing fleet of Avro cargo planes, as New Delhi looks to boost the role of the local private sector in modernising its armed forces.
Under the bid, estimated by analysts to be worth at least $2 billion, Airbus' Defence and Space unit and Tata's Advanced Systems would replace the 56 Avro jets with Airbus' C295 transport planes, the European manufacturer said on Tuesday.
Airbus would supply the first 16 planes in "fly away" condition from its own assembly line, while the subsequent 40 would be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems in India.
They would be the first military planes built by an Indian private company on Indian soil, with current manufacturing dominated by state-run Hindustan Aeronautics.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's new government, which has raised the foreign investment limit in defence since coming to power in May, is moving to clear a backlog of military equipment orders and close the gap on strategic rival China.
It has said it will prioritise companies which have pledged to manufacture within India.
Companies such as Tata, Larsen & Toubro and Mahindra Group are spending billions of dollars to build arms, as they look to win a chunk of the $250 billion that analysts estimate India will spend on defence kit over the next decade.
The government first issued a tender for a foreign supplier and Indian private firm to replace the Avro jets in May 2012, but a lack of interest from potential bidders and ministerial infighting led to a series of delays.
India is trying to replace much of its outdated fleet of military planes. The biggest contract is a $15 billion deal with France's Dassault Aviation to buy 126 Rafale fighter jets, which is still to be finalised.
(Reuters)

CBI Court to pass order on summoning MaransAircel-Maxis case
(During arguments earlier,…)
NEW DELHI: The special 2G court is likely to pronounce its order tomorrow on whether to summon as accused former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran and six others against whom charge sheet was filed by CBI in the Aircel-Maxis deal case.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini had on October 13 reserved for tomorrow his order on the issue of taking cognisance on CBI's charge sheet filed against Dayanidhi, Kalanithi and six others, including four firms.
Besides the Maran brothers, CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan , Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms -- Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd -- as accused.
Charge sheets have been filed for offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
During arguments earlier, CBI had told the court that cognisance should be taken on the charge sheet as prima facie a case was made out against all the accused.
The agency had argued that the case involves investigation in foreign countries and there were sufficient grounds to proceed against the accused named in the charge sheet.
On August 29, the CBI had filed the charge sheet in the case containing the names of 151 CBI witnesses and a set of 655 documents, on which it has relied upon during its probe.
CBI had alleged in the court that Dayanidhi Maran had "pressured" and "forced" Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti s new Swift priced at Rs 4.42 lakhMaruti launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency starting at Rs 4.42 lakh
By PTI | 28 Oct, 2014, 03.58PM IST
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) today launched refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The model, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
"The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 per cent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," MSI Executive Director Marketing & Sales, R S Kalsi said in a statement.
With this change, the company retains the DNA of the Swift and yet add features to make the product more exciting, he added.
"The reborn Swift is a tribute to the bestseller of the industry and in line with Maruti Suzuki's commitment to the customers to keep refining our models and win their hearts," Kalsi said.
The company has sold over 12 lakh Swift cars till date, he added.
According to the company, the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl, up by 10 per cent from the outgoing model while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variants has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl.
The introductory prices of the petrol variants of the car range between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.9 lakh, while the diesel versions of the car are priced between Rs 5.56 and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Suzuki Swift facelift set for India launch
of 8
Source: indianautosblog.com
The Suzuki Swift facelift, which is already on sale in many global markets, is seen at the 2014 Moscow Motor Show (Moscow International Auto Salon 2014) which started today for the media.
LED daytime running lights
On the outside, the refreshed Swift gets LED daytime running lights on its foglight enclosure, a design highlight resembling the older Hyundai i20.
Source: indianautosblog.com
Silver detailing
Silver detailing on the lower part of the front bumper, a new color dubbed 'Boost Blue', and new wheel caps for non-alloy wheel variants complete the changes outside.
Source: indianautosblog.com
New seat fabrics
Inside, the car gets new seat fabrics, power folding wing mirrors, an auto-up function for the driver side power window and automatic headlights.
Source: indianautosblog.com
1.2-litre four-cylinder VVT (petrol) engine
The hatchback is available in 3- and 5-door body styles in Russia, and is powered by the 1.2-litre four-cylinder VVT (petrol) engine which is capable of producing 92.5 bhp and 118 Nm of torque.

http://usat.ly/1oVgIjXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Fed likely to stay the course on interest rates
Economists say the Fed is likely to end its meeting on Wednesday with a stay the course message that foresees an increase in near zero interest rates by mid-2015.
Post to Facebook
Fed likely to stay the course on interest rates Economists say the Fed is likely to end its meeting on Wednesday with a stay the course message that foresees an increase in near zero interest rates by mid-2015. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wyjWtk
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Fed likely to stay the course on interest rates
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 10:55 a.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is leading a meeting of Fed policymakers this week that's expected to feature a discussion of the timing of an increase in a key short-term interest rate.
(Photo: Susan Walsh, AP)
75 CONNECT 33 TWEET 27 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Federal Reserve opens a two-day meeting Tuesday amid volatile markets and a slowing global economy, but economists say it's likely to send a stay-the-course message that foresees an increase in near-zero interest rates by mid-2015.
"We don't think they'll do anything to try to shift that expectation," says UBS economist Drew Matus.
Two weeks ago, the slowing euro zone economy and disappointing U.S. retail sales drove down stocks and Treasury yields, prompting St. Louis Fed President James Bullard to say the Fed should consider delaying this week's anticipated decision to end a two-year-old bond-buying program.
#Fed thoughts: if Fed confirms end of QE 2morrow, will another "taper tantrum" occur, or was 9% S&P500 dip earlier this month the tantrum?
— Adam Shell (@adamshell) October 28, 2014
Since then, both stocks and interest rates have at least partly recovered and most economists expect the Fed to agree to end the bond purchases, which have held down long-term interest rates, when the meeting ends Wednesday. Although growth is slowing in both the eurozone and China, Fed officials have repeatedly said they plan to halt the purchases this month and aim to shift investors' focus to its benchmark short-term rate, says Goldman Sachs economist Kris Dawsey.
The more compelling question is whether the Fed will  telegraph an earlier, or later, increase in its short-term rate than  the mid-2015 timetable previously indicated by Fed policymakers. Financial markets recently have moved their projections for the first rate hike from mid-to late 2015 in light of the overseas weakness, which has strengthened the dollar, a development that could hurt U.S. exports.
But many economists disagree. Dawsey says the Fed is likely to acknowledge the global turmoil in its post-meeting statement, but steer clear of suggesting that risks to the U.S. outlook have tipped "to the downside."
That's largely because U.S. exports to the euro zone account for only 2.8% of US economic growth, Matus says. Also, the U.S. economy remains strong, with both job growth and factory output surging in September. And while retail sales unexpectedly fell last month, Matus says the recent plunge in gasoline prices is leaving consumers with more purchasing power and should lift October sales.
The fall in pump prices could filter into "core" inflation, which excludes the volatile food and energy categories, delaying the need for the Fed to raise rates, says Paul Dales of Capital Economics. Yet even Dales doesn't expect the Fed to signal a later rate hike this week.
At the same time, economists don't expect the Fed to hint at an earlier rise in interest rates despite the solid U.S. economy. Matus and Dales expect the Fed to reiterate that its benchmark rate will stay near zero  "for a considerable time" after the bond purchases end. Minutes from the Fed's September meeting show policymakers worried that a deleting the phrase could be "misinterpreted as a signal of a fundamental shift in the stance of policy," possibly pushing up interest rates.
Now, It's even more unlikely Fed officials will risk further roiling markets already on edge, economists say. "If they take (the phrase) out,  there could be a (market reaction)," Matus says. "If they leave it in, there won't be a problem."
Policymakers, he adds, are more likely to remove the wording at the December meeting, when Fed Chair Janet Yellen can explain the change at a post-meeting news conference.
75 CONNECT 33 TWEET 27 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wyjWtk
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1teUVDNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Baby wipes recalled over possible bacterial contamination
Ten brands of baby wipes are part of a nationwide voluntary recall after tests showed the presence of a bacteria in some of these products.
Post to Facebook
Baby wipes recalled over possible bacterial contamination Ten brands of baby wipes are part of a nationwide voluntary recall after tests showed the presence of a bacteria in some of these products. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u2JRf3
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Baby wipes recalled over possible bacterial contamination
USA Today Network Jolie Lee , USA TODAY Network 9:17 a.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Ten brands of baby wipes are part of a voluntary nationwide recall.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
15558 CONNECT 39 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ten brands of baby wipes are part of a nationwide voluntary recall after tests showed the presence of a bacteria in some of these products.
Nutek Disposables recalled the following brands:
• Cuties

Religare partners with TrakInvest to launch virtual tradingOct 28, 2014, 08.14 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Religare partners with TrakInvest to launch virtual trading
TrakInvest provides a social and interactive virtual world where stock market enthusiasts can enhance their investment skills, and then use them in real-world trading
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Religare partners with TrakInvest to launch virtual trading
TrakInvest provides a social and interactive virtual world where stock market enthusiasts can enhance their investment skills, and then use them in real-world trading
Post your opinion here
 
TrakInvest provides a social and interactive virtual world where stock market enthusiasts can enhance their investment skills, and then use them in real-world trading.
Religare Securities Limited (RSL) has partnered with Singapore-based financial technology firm TrakInvest to launch a cutting-edge virtual stock trading platform to its users. The new social stock market playground, www.trakinvest.com , now allows investors in India to trade risk-free using virtual money, helping them improve their skills and knowledge while earning prizes and even jobs.
 "TrakInvest is more than game. It’s a holistic trading platform," said Bobby Bhatia, Founder & CEO of TrakInvest. "With TrakInvest, users can learn from other traders and even copy their trading activity, download 12,000 free Thomson Reuters research reports that are updated every week, and take part in competitions where they can win great prizes including finance jobs and internships. We’re making it possible for anyone to become a successful and a more informed investor."
 Each new TrakInvest user starts with Rs 50 lakh of virtual cash to build their winning portfolio. Users are also provided with contextualized stock news and Twitter feeds, as well as detailed research reports and stock analytics tools. Users have the unique ability to follow or "trak" others, and are "traked". A complex algorithm generates "trak" suggestions of individuals who are leading performers, based on each user’s queried stocks, their sectors, and markets.
 "Through this partnership, technology, expertise and insights will come together to give people - experienced and new to the markets - a virtual avenue to explore and hone their trading skills, which in turn will help them make informed and more thought-through decisions when they trade in the real markets," says Basab Mitra, CEO, Religare Securities Limited.
RELATED NEWS

Save thyself from buying false savings productsOct 28, 2014, 07.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Save thyself from buying false savings products
Rajiv Anand, Group Executive Head of Retail Banking at Axis Bank helps us understand how consumers can avoid bad experiences in savings in the form of mis-sold products.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Save thyself from buying false savings products
Rajiv Anand, Group Executive Head of Retail Banking at Axis Bank helps us understand how consumers can avoid bad experiences in savings in the form of mis-sold products.
Post your opinion here
Money Money Money
People are not wrong when they say India is a nation of savers but all's not well. In the latest Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley tried his best to encourage savings but what is not helping is some of the bad experiences people have had in the form of mis-sold products. Rajiv Anand, Group Executive Head of Retail Banking at Axis Bank helps us understand how consumers can avoid getting into these situations and the approach thereafter.
RELATED NEWS

Watch Live 100-Year Commemoration of WWI Battlewatch live 100-year commemoration of wwi battle
Blacklisting of mining firms as per MMRD Act  says ParrikarBlacklisting of mining firms as per MMRD Act  says Parrikar
Quick Heal Reports Increased Incidents of the CryptoWall Ransomware Infection for Quarter 3Quick Heal Reports Increased Incidents of the CryptoWall Ransomware Infection for Quarter 3
Fadnavis to head Maharashtra s first BJP government (Roundup)Fadnavis to head Maharashtra s first BJP government (Roundup)
Unbelievable scenes from real lifeCrazy yet amazing photos
A collection of amusing pictures from around the world
Baruipur: A baby that was born with an additional pair of limbs at Baruipur Hospital, near Kolkata on Nov.3, 2014. (Photo: IANS)
1 / 30
IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST

How to get the best out of peopleHow to get the best out of people
Rajeev Bhardwaj
Tweet
Putting the human aspect of the employee first is in the larger interest of companies
Employee productivity is a crucial aspect of the success dynamics of a company and it takes more than the employee’s potential to increase productivity. Set capability aside, and a number of environmental factors too play a role in determining whether a company’s employees are at their productive best.
If you have two employees of equal calibre and commitment giving contrasting outputs, it would serve you to sit back and think what is going wrong with the non-performer. A work related factor may be troubling him or her, or the person might be struggling with lack of motivation at work.
To put the human aspect of an employee before the resource aspect works not just in the employee’s favour but in the larger interests of the company to ensure productivity is good as it will help cut costs, deliver to deadlines, improve the work culture and promote retention i.e. essentially meet all the larger objectives.
As a manager heading a department, you are essentially responsible for the output the department delivers. This makes you directly responsible for the well-being of your employees too. Have an equation with every employee: A personal touch to this relationship opens up many knots and eases the employees. They may be reporting to you on the professional front, but knowing something about them beyond work will endear them to you.
If the bright girl under your wing has started to look jaded and sullen of late, she might be going through a rough patch in her personal life. Talking to her, offering a helping hand and just assuring her that her colleagues stand by her can help her overcome the grief and power her recovery to productivity. This will also create a strong bond within the team and also for the concerned employee with the organisation.
For a company head, it might not be possible to connect deeply with every employee but for a department leader, it is advisable to establish a personal rapport with each person. Managers directly create an employee’s experience in the organisation and people never leave companies, they mostly leave managers.
Knowing the employee’s strengths and weaknesses, playing to the strengths and ironing out the weaknesses and motivating the employees to learn and excel can work wonders. If you notice an employee is shy and introverted, you can recommend him for personality development classes; if you observe an employee losing temper often, advise him/her to keep control.
As an employer, you should encourage your managers to shed the cold, strictly professional attitude and throw in some warm traits in their interactions. It will help create a healthy, positive work environment.
Some key elements of building an engaged workforce as follows:
Delegate work, it helps build capacity: You may be a perfectionist; each mail that goes to your clients, every report that is compiled and each plan that is drawn perfectly according to you. However, if you keep the work concentrated in a few hands, the employees will neither learn nor take responsibility.
Delegation is not only a strategy to manage time and resources well, it also empowers. When you delegate work, you transfix greater responsibility to your juniors. In doing so, you also give them greater authority and control over their job.
This also gives employees a lot of space to learn about the industry and discover their strengths. The more an employee is responsible for, the more exposure she will get and the more chances of growth and development.
Delegating work also decentralises work which results in faster and smoother processes directly impacting productivity.
Offer regular challenges: An employee should never feel static in his or her job; there should always be scope for new challenges and excitement. Any new employee is naïve to the industry and needs to learn the art of sailing with time and practice.
But learning doesn’t happen when there is nothing challenging to do in a job. Rather than restrict your employees to the monotony of mechanical jobs, make them a part of your challenges. Do not hesitate to put a project on a young shoulder. Guide them from behind, keep boosting their morale and tell them they can do it. A successful completion of the project would not only prepare them for future challenges but also whet their appetite and instil unmatched confidence in them.
Encourage creative thinking: Fresh thinking and creative working drives young employees. Rather than stick to tried and tested formulae, give your employees a free hand to develop their own codes and procedures. Encourage them to think afresh and spring up out-of-the-box ideas. Make them feel a part of the company’s think tank. This will not only nurture their talent but also keep them motivated and hungry.
Help them build their capacity: Often, despite desiring to pursue further education and training, young graduates take up jobs to earn a living. An organisation’s framework and policies need to be encouraging towards pursuing advanced studies in today’s dynamic world so an employee doesn’t feel compelled to quit his/her job to study further.
The writer is Vice-President, Human Resource, Sun Life Financial’s Asia Service Centre
(This article was published on October 14, 2014)
Related

Leadership in a difficult situationLeadership in a difficult situation
Rajul Garg
Tweet
Presents an opportunity for discovery and growth
Let me try to take an example of a difficult situation that I have seen through, try to observe what we did well and not so well and then try and come up with a framework that you can take away. One such situation is from the 2000s when we were in the early stages of entrepreneurship at EBprovider, which later became Induslogic and then GlobalLogic. We had had a really good year as far as entrepreneurship went.
We had assembled a fantastic engineering team here in India, raised venture money even as the market crashed. The space we were in at the time – B2B integration — was red hot and everything seemed to be going for us. However, the second half of 2001 really pulled the rug from under us. We spent too much money in building the product for which there were no takers, we were running out of money, venture funding had completely dried up and then 9/11 happened. We had the following tasks in front of us:
Cut the costs to a bare minimum to stretch our waning resources
Find a new strategy/new business to pursue for some cashflow
Find some bridge funding to see us through
Bolster our team with more market-facing people
As it turned out, during those months, we did all this, found a great CEO, found bridge funding, found a new business which then grew solidly from there. Most importantly, we survived! By January, we were a different company. Here is what I think we did well:
We moved quickly and decisively: I was heading our team in India and we had to reduce costs. I remember we did it swiftly within a team. Whatever pain we had to swallow, we did it quickly.
We worked well as a team: We took the whole company into confidence and I recall several employees took deep cuts to support the company. We also worked well as a team between US and India where everyone did their bit.
We capitalised on new opportunities quickly: We were interviewing a new CEO candidate and we brought him on board. There are probably many things that we didn’t do well but my sense is that we got the important ones right.
Keep a positive, forward-looking spirit: You cannot lead through a difficult situation if you get into blame games and post-mortems. That is for later. The key is to focus on “what you can do today”.
Face up to the situation and move swiftly: We all like to avoid a difficult situation. We procrastinate. However, if you let the cavity be, it will go from requiring a filling to requiring a root canal to an extraction! Swift and decisive action will not only help you but all the stakeholders involved.
Work as a team: You can’t be second-guessing each other. Working with all the stakeholders is critical. This requires intent, planning and communication. Over-communication in these situations is often better than under-communication.
Embrace Change: Often as you come out of a difficult situation, a new reality and a new state of affairs ensue. This may require you to write off old investments, and move forward with a new order.
It’s critical that as you spot this new order, you embrace it and make it your own. You can’t think of sunk costs here, you have to think of opportunities going forward. I think the silver lining in leading through a difficult situation is that you discover yourself more as a leader and grow as a result. It provides an unparalleled opportunity in that regard.
The writer is Director, Sunstone Business School
(This article was published on October 14, 2014)
Related

Marketing to Women: What to Do/What Not to Do... Without Appearing Too Contradictoryreddit
I find the marketing to women space completely fascinating and, I believe, challenging for marketers to wrap their heads around. To me there are two main factors that drive the current interest in marketing to women.
First, society now realizes the economic importance of women. Not only do the majority of women work and, in some instances, earn as much as men, but also women either support or veto around 85% of all purchase decisions.
Second, and a more recent trend, is the ability of organizations to capture and mine customer data ranging from demographic information such as gender, age, race, zip code, and income to behavioral and attitudinal data. Because organizations have data, especially demographic data, there is a tendency to compare, for example, how many of the organization's customers are women to competitors or the population at large.  Discussion on markets and market segments then becomes heavily influenced by demographics (more on this soon).
These two factors together, I believe, explain why organizations want to market to women.  But then the problems begin... how should organizations market to women?
My first recommendations involve identifying where your organization is on the "marketing to women spectrum." To do this:
1. Run the numbers and make sure your organization knows the importance of women as influencers, buyers, and users. In the case of some products, there might be other categories worth noting - e.g., 39% of all cars are registered to men, yet women hold 51% of all drivers' licenses and so buyer/owner/user profiles also need to be examined.  Again, in the case of cars, the brand relationship continues post purchase - e.g., many cars are financed and cars also need to be serviced. Understanding the role of women during these additional touch points with the organization is also important.
2. Run the numbers [again] and look for differences based on gender. For example, 50% of women are dissatisfied with the car they buy. How many men are also dissatisfied with the car they buy? Are the reasons for their dissatisfaction the same? Another example: we know that women spend a smaller percentage of their income on cars than men. Why is this?
3. Run the numbers [again] and look for differences between women.  One criticism of much of what I read about marketing to women is a tendency to treat all women as if they are the same (and all men as if they are the same). I referred to this in an earlier blog and suggested that we need to dig a lot deeper to find differences between women based on their different values, attitudes, opinions and lifestyles.
4. Armed with this data ask:
a. What role does gender play in explaining any aspect of purchase decision-making?
b. Based on your data, and external data that examines women in society today, what marketing to women goals does/should your organization have? For example, your organization might want to increase the number of women as customers from 40% to 50%, or your organization might want to increase the amount women spend on cars, or your organization might want to make women feel more comfortable when her male partner spends money on products and experiences [I'm guessing this might be the case with say motor sports].
So far so good. Steps 1-4 will force your organization to look at data to understand where it is at (and where it wants to be) on the "marketing to women spectrum". Step 3 is especially important because it encourages your organization to not only look for differences between men and women but also look for differences between women.
Now Forget About Gender For a Minute... and Focus on the Principles of Market Segmentation. When we form market segments that focus entirely on gender, we are forgetting the principles of market segmentation. By definition, a market segment is a group of people who have the same need and who "hire" a product to satisfy that need. The unit of analysis, therefore, should be the buyer motivation, not the customers themselves.
In the context of marketing to women, we might find that both men and women want, say, a car with a third row of seats to transport children to and from activities in the weekend, both men and women want the car that transports children to be safe, both men and women who commute long distances want a car that is fuel efficient, both men and women who want to appear successful want a car that reflects their success. But we might find that women (and smaller men) prefer cars that are smaller and more maneuverable.
The point is that gender might be important in explaining segment membership but starting with gender is simply bad practice.
And Now Back to Gender... and User Imagery: So far, your organization has run the numbers, identified where it is and where it wants to be on the "marketing to women spectrum," segmented the market based on customer needs, developed value propositions, and understood the role of gender in explaining customer needs and brand preferences. Now it is time to put together a marketing campaign to reach the target market.
The development and implementation of a marketing campaign is one area where I see a number of "marketing to women traps". One of the first decisions marketers make is how to represent a target customer. We refer to this as user imagery. For example, if I am marketing a breakfast cereal, do I show a woman preparing breakfast for her children? A man preparing breakfast for his children? Children preparing their own breakfast? Or the children eating cereal?  Let's imagine I select a stereotypical woman, a stay at home mom who is gentle, kind and nurturing. By doing this, the organization:
1. Alienates Men
2. Alienates Other Women by engaging in Gender Washing. This means the organization assumes that all women are the same. In the example above, the organization has also reverted to the use of stereotypes to portray women. For example, if you show a woman at home looking after her children, you run the risk of alienating women who also work full time or women who do not have children. Similarly, if you show a woman who is gentle, kind and nurturing, you run the risk of alienating women who do not see themselves in this way.
3. Ignores The "Women of Today": Women multi-task but they also multi-role. For example, many women identify with the traditional roles of partner and parent and more than half of all women are now in paid employment. Research shows that women move between these roles in a very ambiguous and fluid way. This raises the question of "Who am I?" when you market to me. I addressed this in an earlier blog about "Just in Time Marketing."
4. Overlooks Gender Convergence or the blurring of gender roles: both men and women increasingly take on non-traditional roles. I refer to this in a blog called "The Changing Face of Women."
Gender Is Likely Important When Implementing Marketing Tactics. Now it is time to decide how to reach the target market. It might be that all people in the target market are women or perhaps only some of the target market are women. Either way, the organization does need to pay attention to how to reach her - this is where much of the research on gender differences might help. For example, we know that more women are more likely to use social media sites, post comments on blogs, share stories, place a high value on relationships, multi task, and verbalize (I summarize a lot of this research in my latest book called "Why Marketing to Women Doesn't Work"). Much of this research focuses on the "average" woman (recall my earlier discussion on the differences between women), and the research assumes that men and women are different. There is a small but growing body of literature on gender convergence (see above). More specifically, as societies move from the masculine to the feminine both men and women adopt behaviors that are seen as more feminine. I touched on these phenomena recently in blog on the knowledge customer and in another blog on the female and male brain.
My overarching conclusion then is if we do a better job of marketing to women, and in particular adopt marketing tactics that are seen as female friendly, then marketing practice will improve overall.
Follow Jenny Darroch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JennyDarroch
More:

What Energy Crisis The News Is Good for Consumersreddit
There is something extraordinary happening on Main Street, in the suburban strips, and at country stores: workers are lowering the prices on the signs for gasoline.
Veterans of the energy crisis that began in 1973 and has continued, with perturbations, ever since, are trying to get their heads around this enormous reversal of fortune: there is no energy crisis for any fuel in the United States as winter approaches. That was the message delivered loud and clear at the annual Energy Supply Forum of the United States Energy Association (USEA).
Indeed the main problem, if there is a problem, is that oversupply is driving down some fuel prices, like for oil and natural gas, which could result in higher prices later as producers curb production.
"Who would have believed it?" asked Barry Worthington, president of USEA.
This year the forum, which has been known to be filled with alarm and foreboding predictions, was full of robust confidence that the nation will breeze through the coming winter, and that consumers will pay less to stay cozy than they have for several winters -- but especially the last one. Stocks of gas and oil are plentiful. It is not just that heating oil will be cheaper, nature will also play a part: the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicts a mild winter.
No one is expecting a repeat of last winter's "Polar Vortex," which brought some big utilities close to being unable to meet customer demand in the extreme cold. Mark McCullough, executive vice president for generating at American Electric Power (AEP), which serves customers in 11 states, described how the giant utility came close to the edge.
This winter, McCullough thinks, things will be fine. But he is less sanguine about the future of AEP and its ability to deliver electricity in 2016 and beyond, if the Environmental Protection Agency holds firm on its proposed rule to curb carbon emissions from coal-fired plants.
AEP, which straddles the Midwest, has the largest coal-fired fleet in the country. McCullough said that his company had just come off extensive efforts with the so-called mercury rule and now was plunged into a very difficult situation. "In engineering speak, the EPA rule 'doesn't do it,' " he said.
McCullough was joined by oil producers and refiners in worrying about another proposed rule from the EPA on ozone. Neither the utilities nor the oil producers and refiners feel that the EPA's proposed ozone regulation can be met.
In short, in a buoyant energy world, there are clouds forming. But unlike the last 41 years, these clouds are regulatory rather than resource generated; public policy in their origin, rather than in the scheming of foreign oil cartels. Indeed, Robert Strout of BP confidently predicted that in a little more than 20 years, the United States could be energy self-sufficient.
The other problem going forward, in the new time of bounty, is energy infrastructure. The industry needs more pipelines to facilitate the shift from coal to gas; better infrastructure to get the new oil to the right refiners. (Refiners actually favor moving oil by train as well as by pipeline.)
USEA's Worthington, a veteran of energy crises of the past, said ruefully the other thing that might happen is that excessive domestic production and falling prices will lead to a period when producers will stall new production and prices will rise. "Markets do work," he said, commenting on the cycles of the hydrocarbon market.
For now, with international economic activity waning, and hydraulic fracking unlocking oil and gas at an astounding rate, this is a bonus time for the American consumer. For people like myself, who have spent more than 40 years commenting and reporting on the bleak energy future, this is indeed a time of astonishment. We had heard predictions of doom if China industrialized, expectations of steadily declining U.S. production, and more and more of our wealth being exported to buy energy. Now, if Congress acts, we will be a serious exporter.
This winter of our discontent is made glorious summer by fracking, as Richard III did not quite say. Astonishing!
Follow Llewellyn King on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LlewellynKing2
More:

What Every Mumpreneur Should Know Before Starting a Businessreddit
So you're wanting to start a home based business so you can be home for your kids. It may sound like the ideal solution but what are the common pitfalls that women face whilst trying to raise children and build a business at the same time, and how can you overcome them?
To find the answers to these questions I caught up with three inspiring women who have been able to successfully navigate the challenges of raising children and building a business.
Mumpreneur Expert #1: Susan J Sohn, founder of GetRealLive .
Susan is a verified social/mobile/online media maverick. She has launched #1 iTunes music albums, created social media engagement for a live event with 60,000 attendees, and has grown a Facebook page from 35,000 to 900,000 in less than 2 years. As a wife, and mother of 3 beautiful children, she firmly believes that community starts in the home, and her "others" focused ethos drives her to leverage the technology platforms to maximum effect, connecting people to stories, and people to one another.
Mumpreneur Expert #2: Kristy Smith, Founder of Virtual Elves Outsourcing .
Kristy has worked with many businesses over the last 3 years, developing strategies/methods/tools around outsourcing to help businesses scale, grow and be profitable. Prior to founding Virtual Elves Kristy managed large teams and implemented front office processes and customer service training to Private Hospitals and 5 Star Hotels. Kristy is a mother of two busy children and lives on Sydney's Northern Beaches with her husband and family. Her daughter was 5 and son was 3 when she left working for someone else and went out on her own.
Mumpreneur Expert #3: Tracey Eker, founder of Flexiworkforce .
Just over a year ago Tracey was upcycling junk furniture and looking for part­-time work. Now the "energetic Aussie" is launching her own national jobs website that's poised to shake up the world of recruitment. Tracey was inspired by the difficulties she herself faced trying to get back to work after having her daughter and twin boys.
After speaking to these super women it was identified that the top 3 challenges of being a "mumpreneur" are time, self doubt and guilt. Let's look at each in detail.
Challenge #1: Not enough time
(Photo Credit: Myxi via Compfight cc )
Finding time to look after your children and fit in everything else is challenging enough as a mother, so to juggle the responsibilities that come with building a business at the same time is even more difficult. So how exactly do you balance the responsibilities of being a mother and building your own business?
Tracey says: "Any mum who works balances work with family. I was an organised person before I had kids but becoming a mum forced me into hyperdrive!  Kids take up a lot of time, especially when you have 3 (including twin boys). I have never lost my drive to succeed and am probably more driven now than before I had kids. Accept that you will have to work flexibly around your family. Being an entrepreneur, starting your own business means that you don't have standard working hours. You do what you need to do whenever you need to do it."
Kristy advises: "The only way out of this is to be kind to yourself, not try to be 'super mum', spend quality time with your kids and husband, take 30mins a day just for yourself, get hired help (outsource some daily tasks) so you have space for your business too - get a housekeeper, aupair, anything that makes your life easier and more manageable."
Susan advises: "Be prepared to be tired for the next ten years of your life. You do it tired, you do everything tired. Do it tired and keep going. I live by lists. Everything has a list. I get up in the morning and I write a list. Determine what time of the day you work the best. Early morning is my quiet time. That's the time I go for a run, I walk, whatever I need to do. I meditate on what the day will look like for me. Learn to be very disciplined. I pick a day to work at a cafe. Because I normally work from home I go to a cafe and work all day. Keep that space (in your calendar and mentally) so that it's a "work space", so when my kids are done from school I can focus on them."
Challenge #2: Self Doubt
(Photo Credit: M I S C H E L L E via Compfight cc )
When building your own business the pressure you place on yourself to succeed can be immense, and this is even before pressure from friends, family and others. Self-doubt will inevitably appear as you question whether or not you're doing the right thing, whether or not you're good enough to be successful, and whether or not you should keep going or pack it in and go back and "get a real job". For some there's a real fear of failing and being told "I told you so" by unsupportive family members or friends.
So what can you do about managing self doubt?
Kristy says: "This is a big one when you have a vision for what you want to do but because your main focus is on raising a family, that vision is not always realised in the early stages of your business. My suggestion is to spend the time to mould your 'millionaire' mindset so you start to dream bigger than what you are, giving you more drive to succeed and push beyond your comfort zone. It does mean giving you and your business more focus sometimes and particularly that was hard for me to do as I needed to be a bit selfish which is totally out of character for me!"
Susan says: "It's hard work. The hardest thing has been the not knowing. When you're out for dinner and people ask you 'what do you do?' and you can't articulate it. You are good enough. Is your product good enough? I'm not sure but YOU are definitely good enough. Give yourself permission to just be you and be the best version of you that you can be. Give yourself permission to make mistakes and take risks. Give yourself permission to not let rejection rule you but to fuel you. When you're building something of your own you're being vulnerable, and putting yourself out there.Get a grasp on your identity, knowing who you are and walking in that. The waves and the wind, and everything will come. That sense of identity is fundamental in that."
Tracey advises: "Be realistic about what you can and can't do. In all honesty, I would say that being an entrepreneur is not for everyone. You need to sacrifice a lot, from job security to family time. However the outcome of building a successful business should mean that you can claw back all the lost time and have enough money to treat your family for all the sacrifices they made to help your build it in the first place."
Challenge #3: Guilt
(Photo Credit: Frédéric Poirot via Compfight cc )
A close relative to self doubt is guilt. At times it seems that building a business, which requires absolute focus, time and energy is in conflict with raising a family. Time spent on the business is time away from your kids. Then there's the all important "me time" that you need to check in with yourself, refresh, re-evaluate, and remind yourself why you're doing what you're doing.
This can be really tough for budding mumpreneurs.
Kristy shares: "The guilt is about not being 100% present for everything and everyone all the time. This is a big one as a mother and business owner. There were many times I would beat myself up and be in tears because I wanted more for my business, my family and me, but I just could not let one thing slide to give to the other. I had to learn to say 'no' more often and really make sure the attention I was giving to the things I chose was focussed and 100% at that time. It was and still is not easy to do. Booking blocks of things into your day helps with this and allows you to focus. Also getting help both out of and in the business through outsourcing has been my saviour."
Susan says: "I don't know if it really goes away but that guilt does fade. I just work hard. I put boundaries around that. Our doors are always open, our home is the place that people come and hang out, to avoid that isolation. We are body, soul and spirit and we have to recognise that. Your community plays a big part in dealing with this."
Tracey says: "I would recommend that women who are trying to start their own business have the full support of their kids and husband. You all need to have realistic expectations of how life will be for a while as there will not be as much money in the kitty and your time with them will be reduced but if you are all involved and speak about what is going on, on a constant basis then you should be able to muddle by.  It won't always be possible to have an idyllic family life but that will improve with time and what you end up with will be worth it for all of you!"
(Photo Credit: flickr.com/volver-avanzar !!! via Compfight cc )
So what other tips do these successful women offer to someone starting the journey of being a mumpreneur?
1. Give yourself permission to cheer other people on.
The success of a business is dependent upon the community that rallies around it. I've come to learn in the work that I do that when you shift from a mindset of "everyone's competing against each other" to one of collaboration then interesting opportunities for growth appear.
Susan says: "Be part of this global community and celebrate each other, not compare and "me, me, me". When I champion someone else and when I get behind someone else's vision and I go "how can I help you?" in and through that what I'm working on expands every time."
2. Prioritise time for family.
This may come across as obvious but if you don't make a conscious effort to block non-negotiable family time this can have negative effects on your relationship with your family. So develop a ritual around family and give you and them quality time to connect as often as possible. Family meals are a great opportunity to do this.
Susan says: "Breakfast and dinner time is a sacred time for our family. The dinner table is the central nervous system for our family. This is important, this is a priority and everything stems from that. Turn off technology, we come around the table, we talk about our day. We have eye contact and connection."
3. Schedule "me time".
Understand what you need for "me time" and block out that time in your schedule. Every mum needs me time in order to get clarity, re-focus, and rejuvenate.
Susan says: "For me it's a massage. I love massages. It doesn't have to be a $500 spa package, just go to the local shopping centre and grab a quick massage. I go to the movies by myself, once a month. I carve that time out, I sit with my own popcorn, I don't need to talk to anyone. Find those spaces that rejuvenate you."
4. Minimise risk.
If you're working in a job and contemplating leaving to start your own business take the opportunity to start researching whilst you're in your current job and getting a regular income.
Kristy says: "Understand where your strengths are, what it is you do really well. Then think about the things that you don't do really well that you could get some help with and think about how you can get that help. There are so many ways you can get help such as Odesk and Elance."
5. Find your community of support, or start one.
In order to flourish you need to surround yourself with people who inspire you, push you up, guide you, and also challenge you and hold you accountable. A supportive community, mentors and coaches are critical to success.
Kristy says: "Build a network around you of women who are in a similar position plus women who have already done it. That will give you the confidence to do it."
Mentors can be invaluable and not only in the area of business. You can find a mentor for being a great mother, and to guide you in other areas of your life, too.
Susan says: "Mentoring and speaking into other people (are important). I found great people who I look up to in different spheres. Find a woman who has raised great kids. My sister is one of my greatest spaces I go to for parenting wisdom. I have a friend in LA who I go to, which allows me to silence the other voices that give me all this unrequested advice. Find 2 to 3 people who have blazed trails and have gone ahead of you. Connect with them. Find people who can give you a "smackdown" i.e. be a mirror and be honest with you. Wisdom comes from hearing."
(Photo Credit: GSCSNJ via Compfight cc )
Related links:

Anfernee ChansamoothGET UPDATES FROM Anfernee Chansamooth
 
Like
1
In 2006, Anfernee left a treadmill job at an IT company after a near-death experience to pursue a life worth living. Since then, he’s free-hugged, flash-mobbed, crowd-surfed and danced with strangers. He’s been an extra in a rock music video, hitchhiked across Canada and initiated sunrise bike rides. In 2011 Anfernee launched Design for Change, a children’s empowerment program, in Laos, which helped over 200 students learn the importance of the words “I Can”. In 2012 he co-founded a social media marketing and consulting business that trained over 1500 entrepreneurs online and offline on how to leverage social media for business. Now Anfernee is on a mission to help a million people escape their day job and live a life of passion through writing, public speaking and building an online program and community at  www.confidentpreneur.com. Anfernee currently lives in Sydney, Australia with his family and their pet rabbit and an annoyingly cute dog named "Lucky".
Entries by Anfernee Chansamooth
What Every Mumpreneur Should Know Before Starting a Business
(2) Comments | Posted October 26, 2014 | 1:51 AM
So you're wanting to start a home based business so you can be home for your kids. It may sound like the ideal solution but what are the common pitfalls that women face whilst trying to raise children and build a business at the same time, and how can you...
Why LinkedIn Is the Most Powerful Marketing Tool of the 21st Century
(27) Comments | Posted August 25, 2014 | 3:46 PM
LinkedIn is the most powerful marketing tool of the 21st century and there are three main reasons why -- media, partnerships and clients.
Before we get into the specifics let me share some background with you. I've been involved in the online marketing game for almost a decade now....
Want Happiness? Be Authentic
(0) Comments | Posted July  9, 2014 | 10:26 AM
Imagine waking up one day and realising that everything that you had thought to be true wasn't, and that the picture that you had of success - the same one that you'd seen countless times before on TV, in the movies, and read or heard about from trusted people around...
The Power of Stillness
(0) Comments | Posted May 26, 2014 | 11:46 AM
When you lose touch with inner stillness, you lose touch with yourself. When you lose touch with yourself, you lose yourself in the world. -- Eckhart Tolle
How you would feel if the world was so overwhelming and you were so overridden with anxiety that you could not even walk...
From Hopeless Youth to Hopeful Leader -- Aaron's Inspiring Story
(0) Comments | Posted April  7, 2014 | 12:07 PM
Aaron was the type of kid who was very shy, introverted and quiet in class. He rarely spoke a word, and if he did it would be a "Yes," "No," or "Maybe," in response to your questions.
That was until he met Alex Pirouz, business advisor and mentor at...

The Age of the Self-Managed Organizationreddit
Every organization optimizes on something. W.L. Gore & Associates is known as the most innovative company in America. To enjoy extraordinary customer service, customers can call Zappos and chat with a cheerful representative for hours about shoes. The Morning Star Company, the world's largest processor of tomatoes, optimizes on principle.
When people come to work for Morning Star, they are asked to embrace two core principles. First, people should not use force against others--all interactions should be voluntary. Second, people should honor the commitments they make to others. To the degree that individuals live these two fundamental principles, they generally experience greater happiness and engagement. The benefit to the enterprise: people perform better when they feel good about themselves. The rubric for this form of enterprise governance: organizational self-management.
A principle is a fundamental, primary or general law or truth from which others are derived. Human principles are not unlike physical principles (for example, gravity). Principles exist, and they're always working. People can choose to align their behavior with fundamental principles or not, but choosing to ignore principles (like gravity) can have serious consequences. Similarly, choosing to ignore human principles (like keeping commitments) can cause enormous damage. Notorious examples abound, like Charles Ponzi fraudulently promising investors unrealistic arbitrage returns.
While ignoring basic human principles carries serious costs, aligning actions with principles conveys significant benefits. The same core principles proposed by founder Chris Rufer and adopted in 1990 govern Morning Star today. The company has grown from zero to become the largest tomato processor in the world, its products sold globally and consumed by virtually everyone in North America, with over $700 millions in sales. Morning Star's colleagues somehow achieved these results by individually managing themselves, without bosses, titles or command authority. How did they do it?
Self-Management is Fractal Management
The world is becoming more complex. Some reports indicate that human knowledge is doubling every 13 months . Atul Gawande, author of The Checklist Manifesto, writes that with over 13,000 ways for the human body to fail, medicine today is the art of mastering complexity, if it can be mastered at all . Complexity is a constant of modern organizational life.
To meet global demand for high-quality tomato products, Morning Star colleagues pull arrows from a huge quiver of analytical disciplines, including enzyme kinetics, cell biology, plant genetics, thermodynamics, meteorology, global currency exchange and myriad others, all to balance a variable supply of raw material with rigorous customer demands--while trying to make a profit. As Avril Lavigne might say, it's complicated.
The path to managing complexity is, paradoxically, through simplicity. The two original core principles ground all enterprise activity around a mission and vision, buoyed by flexible support systems and practices. Colleague Principles act as an enterprise constitution, allowing for concentrated human effort. The fixed nature of the principles is what allows people to exercise effective autonomy in a fluid environment. This foundation allows people to freely act with agility and speed in response to dynamic change. It's easier to hit a target with arrows fired from the bedrock of principle than from the quivering quicksand of a corporate makeover or C-suite politics. The chain of command theory made sense when information moved at the speed of Morse code. Today, chains of command forged in pursuit of the mirage of control are shackling business performance everywhere.
Self-managed colleagues connect with each other by voluntary agreement, not by occupying a box on an organization chart. When these individual agreements are digitally rendered and relationally plotted, they resemble a large spider web. If one were to make a time-lapse movie of such a diagram, it would change shape and size as individuals enter and leave the ecosystem or voluntarily renegotiate their relationships and commitments. There is greater organizational control, not less, when everyone is a manager.
A fractal is a complex geometric pattern exhibiting self-similarity in that small details of structure viewed at any scale repeat elements of the overall pattern. Regardless of the degree of magnification used to view a network diagram of a self-managed enterprise, whether at the level of the individual (a single node), the factory or business unit (a sub-group of nodes), or the entire enterprise (all nodes), the same two core principles are present and operating. One also finds the functions of management (planning, organizing, staffing, coordinating, controlling) at every degree of magnification, because in self-management everyone is a manager. There are no titles, bosses, VPs, supervisors or hierarchy of any kind. There is only work, and people that engage in work. The fluidity of this arrangement enables individual and enterprise agility--a critical success factor in a complex world where information moves at the speed of light.
In a self-managed ecosystem, every colleague voluntarily engages with the mission and principles of the enterprise. The cultural DNA of respect for principle is deeply embedded in the organization through language, education, modeling and practice. This cultural reinforcement reduces the risk of individuals or groups acting in ways incongruent with the mission or principles.
Since there are no inherent barriers to communication anywhere in the network, free-flowing information catalyzes operational decision-making everywhere. A further powerful benefit of self-management is that innovation can and does arise from any point in the network. Individual self-managers freely propose process improvements and innovations to their peers, many of which are successfully implemented. Examples abound: one recent colleague-generated idea for material management achieved a compelling return on investment.
Similarly, each colleague in a self-managed organization has an equal voice. Self-management is not about voting or majority rule. It's about comprehensive due process, and protecting the voice of each and every member of the enterprise. Every colleague is a stakeholder in decisions that impact their work, and is free to engage with the decision-making process. Do peer-reviewed decisions often take longer to make than those in a traditional management structure? Absolutely. Is decision quality better with relatively greater input? Definitely.
Self-Management is Scalable
According to a recent article in BBC Earth News , scientists have recently discovered an ant mega-colony that has apparently colonized much of the world, rivaling humans in the sheer scale of their global domination.  The Argentine ant (Linepithema humile) mega-colony originated in South America but now spans much of the Mediterranean, California, and Western Japan--one super-colony apparently covers 6,000 kilometers of Mediterranean coastline.  The ants' chemical hydrocarbon signatures provided proof of the common identity of separate colonies existing on multiple continents.
These Argentine world travelers have a simple, two-pronged mission. First, they seek to survive; and second, to reproduce. Their mission, which they execute to perfection, is the essence of simplicity. As long as they focus on the mission, there are no apparent barriers to scale.
Ants use chemical signals to provide activity feedback and facilitate coordination. Self-managed professionals use information systems to provide feedback and coordinate activities, and adjust their "paths" accordingly. Ant colonies use division of labor to effectively feed themselves and modify their environments. Self-managed colleagues freely agree to act in concert with others or work individually. Individual ants take initiative in seeking food and shelter, chemically communicating promising trails to their fellow ants. Self-managed colleagues take initiative and create buy-in for their ideas and innovations. It's challenging to identify the leaders of an ant mega-colony--or of a self-managed organization. Leadership is fluid--and depends of the flow of commitments back and forth between the organization's members. If it's possible to grow without bosses from zero to become the world's largest player in a global industry, then there are no inherent barriers to scale for a self-managed human enterprise.
Identifying sources of strategic competitive advantage is an existential challenge for any organization. Patents expire, trade secrets leak, talent walks, and technology is largely fungible. Superior methods of organizing and managing, however, represent an astronomical and largely untapped source of sustainable business advantage. In an age when information freely gushes everywhere on luminous rivers of light, the future belongs to organizations that can engage every member with freedom, principle, and purpose.
Doug Kirkpatrick is the author of Beyond Empowerment, The Age of the Self-Managed Organization. He is an organizational change consultant, TEDx and keynote speaker, executive coach, writer, educator and SPHR.
He played the first season of his business career in the manufacturing sector, principally with The Morning Star Company of Sacramento, California, a world leader in the food industry, as a financial controller and administrator. He now engages with the Morning Star Self-Management Institute and other vibrant organizations and leaders to co-create the future of management.
Follow Great Work Cultures on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GWCLeadLink
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

The TED Journey: My Stroll With Richard Saul Wurmanreddit
Richard Saul Wurman embodies creativity, curiosity, understanding, and innovation--all in one. An architect, designer, and author of 83 books; Wurman is best known for founding TED in 1984 which, 3 decades later, has grown into the biggest conference for discussing ideas and innovation around the world.
The following are some comments that Richard sent to me after a conversation where I asked him about his TED journey.
TED...
Richard: TED constitutes one big idea and many, many small ones.
The big idea was, is, and will continue to be, the convergence of truthful ideas. The convergence of three disciplines; the technology business; the entertainment industry, and the design professions. In 1984 when I began, nobody had thought of convergence. Each discipline was a silo unto themselves. The next idea was that I set up a format that lasted for eighteen years, which encouraged improvisation and giving a speech for the first time. Not having CEO's or politicians, not being allowed to sell a book, a charity or anything from the stage. The idea was to be in front of the audience and have a conversation with them.
It is now 30 years later and "the dinner party I always wanted to have but couldn't" has turned into a global brand that has been influenced a great deal by the availability of social media, wifi and emails. During the first eighteen years that I ran it I video'd everything. These were not edited but rather put on DVD's and given to the audience.
Today there are TED Talks run by June Cohen and they've become a global way of spreading 'idea bites' around the world.
All in all TED was an amazing experience for me to indulge my interests and curiosity and thereby the interests of others.
On Selling TED, and the TEDx Program...
Richard: I sold the TED conference, that I chaired and curated, in 2003. I sold it to Imagine Media who then resold it at a deep discount to the Sapling Foundation. I've never dealt with the Sapling Foundation so I can't really answer any questions regarding what they do or how they manage things.
The TEDx idea; which I hadn't thought of at all and perhaps wouldn't have been in favor of at the time had it been suggested, I think is the best idea that has come from TED. Lara Stein, who created it and developed an international network of the TEDx meetings, which have some of the spontaneity and non-edited informality of the original TED, started an incredible movement. Alas, Lara Stein is no longer with TED and I am hopeful that it continues with the same embedded enthusiasm and truthfulness that it did during her time in charge.
(Left to Right; Richard and Chris Anderson on the TED stage in 2014)
TEDMED, eg, and the WWW Conference
Richard: I started the TEDMED conference in 1995, which is eight years before I sold TED, and I specifically didn't sell TEDMED to Imagine Media. That was out of the contract. I believe I did seven TEDMED's and then it was taken over by another party. I started the eg conference, which is now run by another party and I created the WWW conference in September, 2012. It turned out that that conference, in my opinion, was the best conference I ever did. I somehow learnt to do a good conference. The subtext was "Intellectual Jazz" and it was totally improvised.
People didn't face the audience, they didn't sell anything, there was no screen behind them, there was no AV in that sense. There is an app that shows the entire, unedited conference for everyone to see. I had better speakers than I ever had in the eighteen years I ran TED. I don't know the speakers since as I haven't gone to TED regularly since I sold it.
Information Architecture and the concept of 'understanding'...
Richard: I created the term information architecture, when in 1975 I was chosen to do the AIA (American Institute of Architects) national conference as its chairman. The conference was in 1976, the 200th anniversary of the United States, and I called the conference The Architecture of Information and at that time started calling myself an information architect. You could certainly use the term information design; you could use many other terms to basically describe a desire of mine, which is to make the complex clear and to understand things.
Information architecture is allowing the word information to give a big hug to the word inform, which makes up more than half of the word.
Most information is just stuff. It's just data. I worship understanding and all of information architecture is the discipline of making things understandable.
You can call it what you like. I don't think there should be more or less of anybody or anything. I thought up the term and I call myself an information architect and I really don't care what other people call themselves. I do care that when I read things, see things, talk to people, I am informed. I care that when they ask me questions, that they have an honest quest and the combination of those two fundamental basic words is the "informed quest", which is what I believe to be a good question.
I am only interested in understanding things. I am interested in trying to assuage my ignorance and curiosity and fill up the big black hole which is my walking stupidity. Fill up the hole with the things that interest me. I use various tools to do that; talking to people, having people talk to me, doing some research, doing graphics, having people do graphics for me.
We have only three tools. We have visual tools, numerical tools and we have words. The combination of those three is what we have at this moment to allow us to understand.
Understanding was the goal of TED and of all the subsequent conferences, and the subject of my 83 books.
(Images Credit: Aiga.org, James Duncan Davidson)
Follow Ebenezar Wikina on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EbenezarWikina
More:

How to Fill an Empty White Boardreddit
"EUREKA!!!!... I Have Found It!!!"
The word "eureka" as an exclamation (and its meaning from the Greek) is attributed to Archimedes, who, according to the story, "discovered" an accurate means of measuring the volume of irregular objects as he lowered himself into his bath (not tub -- we are talking serious Greek Bath here) and ran naked, and, I imagine, dripping through the streets of Greek Syracuse yelling at the top of his lungs.
Archimedes and his run were much in my mind over the weekend, as I participated in one of the WPP Stream un-conference events in, serendipitously, Marathon, Greece.
The metaphor is simple: An un-conference is like Archimedes and his bath -- you immerse yourself in an almost endless stream of discussion, people, things, food, music, presentations, stuff, videos, cheap red wine; you let go; you float, and the next thing you know... you have EUREKA moments of euphoric discovery.
Now, full disclosure: I work for WPP. And no, I did not run naked and dripping through Marathon yelling EUREKA -- closest I came was... never mind... But I did have a number of amazing discovery moments as random strands of unassociated experiences came together in light-bulb-over-my-head moments.
An un-conference begins with big -- almost empty -- whiteboards divided into hour segments that any of the participants can stake a claim to by writing in a topic they'd like to discuss.
And there are no rules to topic selection -- if you think you can get an audience, go for it.
I participated in discussions on social media; the future or maybe present of TV; digital art; the state of content; what is content; what makes an idea (more on that later); the maker economy; the use of drones (that included a demonstration)... to name a few. I played video games and viewed Oculus-based interactive programs that were amazing and used my powers of concentration to move a ball along a track. I served drinks at a Midnight Cooking Madness, which has to be experienced to be understood, and listened to my friends and fellow Streamers showcase their musical and other talents (amazing!). We listened to seven groups, which coalesced on site, present ideas on how Save The Children can raise more money and awareness to help combat Ebola. We voted to choose the best but I must tell you that with nothing more than ingenuity and passion, they all came up with amazing ideas that could be articulated in a two-minute pitch -- and one group even showcased a working website and app they built overnight... and finally I had my last Xbox One Kinects session at 4 a.m. Sunday morning, as I left for the airport, with a group who might still be there....
Bottom line, Jason Silva (not there) captured the concept in this quote: "Creativity and insight almost always involve an experience of acute pattern recognition: the eureka moment in which we perceive the interconnection between disparate concepts or ideas to reveal something new."
And that is what Stream is all about. And that is what we need so much more of...
It's digital -- of course -- but it's equally analog.
It's got focus -- but it's completely random.
It has presentations -- but it's all about the discussion.
There are "celebrities" in residence -- but it's completely democratic.
In short, if you are invited and you come -- you are expected to play and play hard. Otherwise you never see another invite.
And in sessions, you rarely saw folks on their devices -- they were too busy interacting, listening, adding, debating, connecting... get the point?
My mind is reeling from all the input -- and will be for days. But for now I need some sleep.
The bottom line is simple: We can really change the world if we change our trajectory -- kill the digibabble ; be more civil and caring; Click and Shout ...
Sadly, much of what we obsess over as world changing is more related to shopping than saving. It's ironic that so many think so literally and linearly in our digital world.
Listen:
"Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!" - Dr. Seuss
Jump in the Stream...let yourself go...and keep a towel handy for the run....
What do you think?
Follow David Sable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidSable
More:

Brian Williams: In Wicked Wind  All Souls Delivered Safelybrian williams: in wicked wind  all souls delivered safely
4 Innovation Strategies to Forecast the Futurereddit
What's going to happen to the euro in the coming year? What's the next game-changing political development in the Middle East? What's the fate of health care reform? The answer to all of these big, complicated questions is simple: We don't know. We have no data on the future where innovation happens. This is what distinguishes innovation from all other forms of value.
For this reason, innovation is about experimenting, trying many things at once and seeing what works. Forget what people tell you about coming up with a plan and sticking with it. When you innovate, you need to change your mind. You need to make things up as you go along.
Excessive data-gathering is a form of resistance. We've all had to sit through the meeting before the meeting, read the e-mail about the e-mail. Don't get stuck in the planning cycle. Run experiments now.
You can't predict the future but you can look around and discover trends and patterns--drivers--that will help you reach your targets. Here are four places to look as you design your experiments:
Push: These are new technologies and new methods inside and outside your industry, like the development of non-invasive surgeries in the medical world.
Pull: These are emerging consumer demands, like the widespread desire for environmental-friendliness in the green movement.
Clash: These are the rising and existing competitors in your field. For example, think about the startups that we haven't yet seen or companies that seem dead but then often surprise us like revitalization of local hardware stores in the 1990s.
Coordinate: These are ways of synching things up--technologies and devices that pull things together, like BaseCamp, the web service that facilitates communication among the diverse people working on the same project.
Consider all of these external factors--technologies, consumer demands, competitors--and ask yourself these questions: what is the probability that each of these things will actually happen? And, if they do happen, what kind of impact will they have on the success of your target?
Now that you've designed your experiments, it's time to put them to the real test. In the early twentieth century, William McKnight came up with the now-famous 3M strategy test--a set of three questions to ask about an idea initiative. Now, almost a century later, they are still the best questions: Is it real? Can we win? Is it worth doing?
Part of innovating is stopping things now so can you make the room to do new things. Stop planning and start acting. Don't let the uncertainty of the future slow you down. Be prepared to adapt as things happen. Expect the unexpected: leave room for the stuff you don't know now.
Follow Jeff DeGraff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffDeGraff
More:

Rupee falls 6 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee slips 2 paise against dollar in dull trade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 20:24 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Tuesday slipped further by two paise to close at 61.32 against the US dollar due to some demand for the American unit in a lacklustre trade.
There was some dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, as brent crude for December delivery was trading low near $85 in morning deals, traders said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced slightly lower at 61.33 and touched a low of 61.41 in mid-session due to profit-booking in local equities.
However, later it bounced back to a high of 61.2950 before concluding at 61.32 on fag-end rise on local bourses and stray dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, exhibiting a fall of 2 paise or 0.03 pct.
On Monday, it was down by 3 paise or 0.05 per cent.
"Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80," Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark index Sensex on Tuesday recovered by 128 points while FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $10.61 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.04 per cent against a basket of six major currencies ahead of outcome of US Fed's monetary policy review on Wednesday.

Nifty ends above 8K  at one-month high |  Stage set for next bull runSensex gains over 125 pts; Nifty ends above 8,000
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(The 30-share index ended…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark Sensex today rebounded about 128 points to end at over one-month high and Nifty reclaimed the 8,000-mark on the back of good corporate earnings and rising hopes of a cut in interest rates.
Pharma, banking and power shares led the rise, amid positive cues from global markets as Europe opened higher.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices, which will help India cut current account deficit and ease fuel price inflation further, also buoyed sentiments, brokers said.
The 30-share BSE Sensex index, after opening firm at 26,788.73, improved to touch day's high of 26,907.14. It settled with a net gain of 127.92 points, or 0.48 per cent, at over one-month high of 26,880.82.
Yesterday, Sensex shed 98.15 points on profit-booking. The 50-share NSE Nifty recovered 35.90 points, or 0.45 per cent, to close at 8,027.60 after shuttling between 8,037.80 and 7,995.05. It had shed 22.85 points yesterday.
Recovery was supported by gains in Sun Pharma which climbed 4.64 per cent. Cipla surged 3.31 per cent, SBI rose 2.67 per cent, ICICI Bank jumped 1.76 per cent and Tata Power gained 2.48 per cent among 17 Sensex gainers.
Pharma stocks gained after Ranbaxy, which is in the process of a USD 4 billion merger with Sun Pharma, reported consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for September quarter, pushing its share price by over 6 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers which helped indices to rebound included GAIL, BHEL, M&M, HDFC, TCS, ITC, L&T, and Coal India.
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting...Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts...," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Elsewhere in Asia, markets ended mostly mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve two-day monetary policy meet which starts later in the day.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index gained the most by surging 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent, Auto 0.33 per cent and Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent. On the other hand, BSE Oil & gas fell 0.23 per cent, FMCG by 0.12 per cent and Metal index by 0.03 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Emissions Drop Puts EU Just Shy of 2020 GoalThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

DHFL  Prudential Financial to form asset management JVDHFL, Prudential Financial to form asset management JV 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 28:  
Private housing finance company Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Limited (DHFL) and US-based financial services company Prudential Financial, Inc. (PFI) are forming an asset management joint venture with DHFL acquiring 50 per cent stake in Pramerica Asset Managers Pvt. Ltd., PFI’s asset management business in India. 
The joint venture company will be renamed DHFL Pramerica Asset Managers Pvt. Ltd., with each of the partners owning 50 per cent of the business, a press release said.
Last year, DHFL and PFI had joined forces to create, DHFL Pramerica Life Insurance Company, a life insurance joint venture to customers in India.
“DHFL’s relationship with Pramerica is being strengthened with the partnership in the asset management business,” Kapil Wadhawan, Chairman and Managing Director, DHFL, said in a statement.
Glen Baptist, President, Pramerica International Investments added, “DHFL’s distribution network will enhance our ability to offer a broader array of products and services to a wider range of customers and clients.”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

EU s Oettinger mulls levy on Google: ReportsEU's new digital commissioner Guenther Oettinger is mulling an internet copyright levy, taking aim at Google, he said
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: The European Union's new digital commissioner Guenther Oettinger is mulling an internet copyright levy, taking aim at Google, he told German newspaper Handelsblatt.
"If Google uses and processes intellectual property from the EU, the EU can protect this property and can demand a charge," Oettinger was quoted as saying by the paper.
The incoming commissioner added that such legislation could be introduced as early as 2016.
Oettinger said last month Google's market power could be limited, adding that he would work to ensure that the search engine's services preserve neutrality and objectivity.

IAF issued advisory 4 months back  says no ban on Xiaomi or otherphonesPrint
Says they were more concerned about inferences being drawn from location data
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 2:48 pm
The recent privacy scare regarding Xiaomi smartphones was just hype after all as the Indian Air Force (IAF) on Tuesday clarified to IndianExpress.com that the said advisory against using phones from this Chinese brand was about “four to five months old”. That would mean the alert was from before the Xiaomi started selling its phones in India.
The Sunday Standard (part of The New Indian Express Group) had on October 19 reported that IAF had issued an alert with ‘medium’ severity rating against the use of Xiaomi smartphones on account of ‘spying’. IndianExpress.com had reported that the IAF alert might have been based on an old report by software security firm F-Secure , which has since been corrected.
Here is all you need to know:
Xiaomi claims data migration from China not related to IAF alert
“The advisory itself is about four months old. The strange thing is that it has now been pulled out by the media. No new notification has been issued by IAF recently regarding the use of Xiaomi smartphones. The advisory should not be misunderstood as a ban. There are no restrictions in IAF regarding the use of smartphones from any brand as it is totally for personal usage,” said an officer in the Western Command to IndianExpress.com , who did want his name to be quoted.
Citing the reason for the advisory he said: “IAF doesn’t keep track of the smartphone market and neither does it recommend any particular brand or handset to its personnel. The advisory did not mention anything on banning the use of Chinese smartphones at all. It was more like a cautionary note as the handset was tracking user’s location and was sending the information to servers based in Beijing . This entire conclusion was based on reports from other sources. The advisory is nothing serious.” He said similar advisories had been issued before regarding the use of personal computers as well.
So, do IAF personnel carry sensitive information on their smartphone?
“Not really. Cellphones give away user’s location. It is a bit sensitive but we are not at all worried about the operational information being compromised. However, certain inferences could be drawn if any smartphone tracks our personnel’s locations and IAF is not keen on letting others draw such inferences,” said the official.
IAF has its own network based cellphones now, so, the dependence on commercially made mobile phones is slowly reducing. “Even in this IAF network, sensitive information is never communicated,” added the official.
Here is all you need to know:

OVL to acquire stake in two Vietnamese blocksOVL to acquire stake in two Vietnamese blocks
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 07.14PM IST
Tags:
Dinesh K Sarraf
(ONGC Videsh Ltd today…)
NEW DELHI: ONGC Videsh Ltd , the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, today signed an agreement to pick up to 50 per cent stake in PetroVietnam's two exploration blocks in the South China Sea.
OVL will take 40 per cent stake in Block 102/10 and 50 per cent in 106/10 that lie outside the sea territory claimed by China. PetroVietnam, the national oil company of Vietnam, will take half of OVL's 100 per cent stake in Block 128 in South China Sea which the Indian firm had earlier planned to exit.
"OVL signed a Heads of Agreement (HOA) with PetroVietnam Exploration Production Corp (PVEP), a wholly owned subsidy of Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam), for mutual cooperation for exploration in Blocks 102/10 & 106/10 of PVEP and Block 128 of OVL in offshore Vietnam, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation," the Indian firm said in a statement here.
The HOA was signed by OVL Managing Director Narendra K Verma and Dr. Do Van Khanh, President & CEO of PVEP.
Also, ONGC signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with PVEP for "mutual cooperation for exploration in the NELP Blocks of ONGC in Andaman and Cauvery Basins, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation."
The MoU was signed by ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf and Khanh.
Both the MoU and the HOA were exchanged in presence of visiting Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Hyderabad House here.
OVL forayed into Vietnam as early as 1988, when it was awarded the exploration license for Block 06.1. Presently the block is producing natural gas.
The company also got exploration Blocks 127 and 128 in 2006. Block 127 was relinquished after completing the work programme. Block 128 is currently under exploration.
The blocks where OVL is picking up stake are from the five that Vietnam had offered in November last year to India to counter growing Chinese influence in the region.
OVL offering PetroVietnam equity in Block 128 is to de-risk exploration in the block over which China had claimed territorial rights.
The Indian firm had in June 2012 decided to return the block as exploration there wasn't commercially viable but did a volte-face at the insistence of Ministry of External Affairs, which wanted India to continue its presence in South China Sea.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money list: SC slams Centre  asks it to reveal all names by tomorrowSupreme Court pulls up Centre over black money, asks it to submit full list of names today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:59 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Wednesday, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
Sternly rejecting the Centre’s argument that revealing the identity of legal account holders would amount to breach of privacy, a special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu said, “Don’t give us your list... but the names given to you by France and Germany. If it breaches confidentiality, let it be.”
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
“Why are you taking the trouble to investigate? We have taken the responsibility to bring back the (black) money and we will decide the future course (of action),” the CJI said when attorney general Mukul Rohatgi argued that a modification was imperative as the court order was acting as a hindrance in signing future tax treaties.
The top law officer, who denied the government was shielding anybody, offered to give the names to the court-appointed special investigating team (SIT) after completion of the probe.
But the court retorted, “It (probe) will never happen during our time. You don’t verify. Just pass (on) the information to us. We will ask the SIT or income tax department or probably the CBI to investigate… Let SIT declare the accounts don’t have a tinge of black money. If the money is hard-earned, nobody will insist it be brought back.”
Read: Govt discloses eight names to SC, no politician in first list
Bowing to the court’s direction, Rohatgi later told HT, “There are over 600 names in the list — we will give the entire list in sealed cover to the court. I’m sure the court will take appropriate steps to maintain their confidentiality.”
“The government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it (the list) to the court, and the government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given it to the court-constituted SIT,” finance minister Arun Jaitley also told the media.
“The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law, we must get to the root of the matter and the truth about these names as also these accounts must come out.”
The court’s direction came a day after the Centre filed an affidavit giving the names of seven individuals and a mining company who have allegedly stashed black money abroad and are facing prosecution for tax evasion under the Income Tax Act.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter. Accusing the BJP of protecting such people, he also tweeted, “If BJP discloses all black money holders’ names, then who will give them money to fight elections in some states and buy MLAs in others?”
The Congress, on its part, said the court order had exposed the Centre’s “lame excuses” on disclosure of names and vindicated its stand that there should not be partial and selective leaks. “During the Lok Sabha election campaign, BJP leaders were declaring from the rooftops that black money stashed abroad would be brought back within 100 days. But when it came to declaring the names, they just released three,” general secretary Ajay Maken said.

Maruti Suzuki unveils fuel efficient SwiftMaruti Suzuki unveils fuel efficient Swift
SRF Q2 PAT up 60% at 77 croreSRF Q2 PAT up 60% at 77 crore
Prez granted consent to LG s move to invite BJPPrez granted consent to LG s move to invite BJP
Mahaan Foods announces appointment of director & company secretaryMahaan Foods announces appointment of director & company secretary
100-Year Commemoration of WWI Battle100-year commemoration of wwi battle
Some worry in Coach s stock: Prosome worry in coach s stock: pro
Andhra Pradesh revenues up 13% at Rs 12 881 cr in H1Andhra Pradesh revenues up 13% at Rs 12 881 cr in H1
Lighting up your DiwaliLighting up your Diwali
Oct 17, 2014
Diya-making is on in full swing at Kumbhar Wada (Dharavi), in Mumbai, for the upcoming Diwali festival. Almost 200 families practice pottery at Kumbha Wada, which means potter’s colony. Most of the potters are from Gujarat.
Lighting a diya during aarti is a custom in the Hindu culture. During Diwali, the earthen lamps are used for illuminating to decorate the entire home and premises.
Photos by Shashi Ashiwal

Owner s manual as work of artThe Roundabout Blog | 25 October 2014
Owner's manual as work of art
Matthew Phenix
About the author
Editor of BBC Autos, Matthew is a former editor at Automobile Magazine and the creator of the digital-only Roadtrip Magazine. His automotive and travel writing has appeared in such magazines as Wired, Popular Science, The Robb Report and Caribbean Travel + Life. He lives in Los Angeles with his wonderful wife and four-year-old daughter.
 
McLaren Automotive has produced a brief but fascinating documentary on the creation of the Owner’s Handbook for its iconic F1, a three-seat 627-horsepower supercar that held the title of world's fastest production car for more than a decade.
Related
McLaren’s new middle child
In this five-minute film, McLaren’s Design Operations Manager, Mark Roberts, discusses his first job with the company: illustrating the owner’s handbook for the F1 road car back in 1992. As he did with the car itself, McLaren chief Gordon Murray oversaw every aspect of the handbook’s creation. No surprise, the book was a clothbound work of art, every bit as meticulously crafted as the car it described. The illustration style – pencil drawings with colour washes that highlight relevant areas – is one that, with a modest smirk, Roberts calls “almost Leonardo-like.”
Fitting for a car that came with a gold-plated titanium Facom tool set and a serial-number-engraved TAG Heuer wristwatch, Roberts’ handbook illustrations contain a few Fabergé-quality Easter eggs, including a digital clock set to 2:31 (a reference to the car’s rev-limited 231mph top speed) and a Kenwood 10-disc CD changer cartridge ready to receive Bob Dylan’s Street Legal (Murray’s favourite album).
Because McLaren built only 72 road-going F1s between 1992 and 1998, the car’s handbook has become the Gutenberg Bible of owner’s manuals. Moreover, each copy of the book was tied to a specific car, with details such as chassis and engine numbers written in by hand – by Gordon Murray’s hand, in fact. Says Mark Roberts: “Gordon had the best handwriting in the office, so we got him to do all the writing! Seems funny now, to think of him sitting down in the office doing that.”
The McLaren F1. (McLaren Automotive)
If you would like to comment on McLaren's Drawn from Memory, or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Indian startup aims to sell portable washing machines at Rs 1 500Venus mini portable washing machine can be mounted on any plastic bucket to wash all types of laundry.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 8:35 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 8:39 pm
A Mumbai-based startup is looking forward to manufacture a washing machine for people who cannot afford to buy a regular washing machine or do not have enough space in their house. This pocket-friendly machine is obviously not like any other regular machine washing. It appears like a big electronic hand blender which can be mounted on any plastic bucket to wash all types of laundry.
“The simplicity of design will enable us to make this machine at a very low price – if mass manufactured. Making this device available in the market for an affordable price for the poor families in the third world will help millions of women who presently are forced to wash clothes by hand,” said Piyush Agarwalla, founder of Vimbas Navrachna, the group which is manufacturing Venus mini portable washing machine.
The project went live on crowd funding website Indiegogo on October 13. The Vimbas Navrachna team has to generate US$ 50,000 by December 12 to start the mass production of Venus. “Our aim is sell the Venus machine for Rs 1,500 or less if possible. Every contribution will help bring us closer to realizing our dream of mass manufacturing this device and selling at an affordable price,” said Agarwalla.
With a plastic bucket of 25 litres capacity (minimum 20 litres bucket), users can wash up to 2.5 kilograms of load per five minutes wash cycle. The Venus can be useful for people living alone like students, bachelors, working men & women, according to the project’s Indiegogo page .
The team even has plans to manufacture a direct current (DC) version of the Venus if they exceed the funding goal. The DC version can be operated with the help of batteries making it ideal for campers.
Specs

Queen Latifah Could Be Queen of Listing Homesqueen latifah could be queen of listing homes
Fossil Fuel s New Strategy - Will It Workreddit
The Climate Policy Initiative (CPI) just released an analysis of the "Financial Impact of the Coming Low-Carbon Transition," which computed the potential value lost to stranded assets, or what fossil fuel companies will have to leave in the ground in oil, gas and coal. The CPI estimated the lost value at $1.1 trillion, plus another $1.8 to $4.2 trillion for the transport sector (think oil trains.) This total of $2.9-$5.3 trillion represents up at worst, one quarter of total U.S. stock market value .
While the CPI report was meant to be positive -- operating savings (think of the expense of solar panels vs. a coal plant) would offset stranded assets, creating a net positive of $1.8 trillion -- it still sounded terrifying. And while the report claims the worst impact will be on Governments, which own 50-70 percent of fossil fuel companies and generate substantial revenue through taxes and royalties, I felt distracted from my central concern about climate change. Could we absorb the coming disruption?
The oil companies offer a painless alternative. Yes, we have to transition to renewable energy, but who better to lead that transition than the energy giants? Their leadership campaign is three-pronged:
First, acknowledge the need to transition away from fossil fuels.
This tactic was first used by Shell Oil . In its 2013 New Lens Scenario, Shell acknowledged that such a transition was necessary and offered a non-disruptive way to achieve 100% renewable energy by 2100: to minimize economic disruption, transition first to natural gas .
Now, 1½ years later, the entire fossil fuel industry has followed suit. Even the arch-conservative organization Heartland Institute has dropped its terror tactics (recall their 2012 billboard headlined "(The Unabomber) Still Believes in Global Warming. Do You?"). and gone so far as create the Climate Change Awards , which in July 2014 granted up to $50,000 each to ten scientists, economists and activists who support a "free-market approach to climate change" and "speak out against global warming alarmists."
Second, address consumers directly with messages of safety and continuity.
Oil companies are running network television advertising not that different from the " Morning in America " calm, optimistic commercials that put Ronald Reagan in the White House.
You do get a sense of peace watching BP's "Committed to America" spot .
Exxon/Mobil 's " Fuel Connections " ad offers gas that "cleans intake valves, helping engines run smoother and reducing emissions" providing "better fuel economy." Amazing.
Chevron's " We Agree " campaign advocates natural gas, with the admonition "We've got to be smart about this."
Third, and this might be a fortuitously-timed accident: they lowered gas prices.
According to Thomas Friedman writing in the New York Times , U.S. and Iraqi oil companies have lowered their price per barrel in order to "bankrupt" Russia and Iran. Putting aside whether it's a smart strategy to destabilize unfriendly, combative countries, the drop in oil prices will also change the economics of electric cars. Low gas prices coupled with messages about gas that gives "better fuel economy" cast doubt that the e-vehicle and hybrid claims are a better value.
And as oil companies align themselves with the U.S. government's foreign policy, they'll have better leverage in their quest to open our East Coast to drilling.
Finally, let's not forget the threat of major economic dislocation. For stockholders, stranded assets add uncertainty to a stock market that's already roiling. Another reason not to rock the boat by demanding a transition to renewables that's too fast and disruptive.
Safety is beginning to look pretty good, even to me. You just have to ignore the reality of a dying planet, which over the last week, has been easier to do. Ebola and ISIS dominate the news. An admittedly small sample of media shows a disturbing lack of climate change news before the New York Times ran a  front page photo of wind mills. Even the Huffington Post's reliable " Green " alerts have seemed stretched away from strictly climate news to include Ebola coverage and news about the climbers who died in Nepal , stories that failed to connect to anything  Green.
It's a shame how easy it is to distract us.
Photo courtesy of sporst via Flickr CC.
More:

Humility in Leadershipreddit
Our gut response might be "humility and leadership can't possibly go hand-in-hand. They blend as well as oil and water."  Generally, when we hear the term "humility," we imagine an individual who lacks confidence, is weak and unsure of themselves and in general is a pushover. It's true that if a leader demonstrates any of the aforementioned traits, everyone will walk all over them. Humility is a term that is generally referenced by preachers in the pulpit, encouraging their congregations to "turn the other cheek."
When we hear the term "leader," we imagine someone strong, confident, an expert problem-solver, has all the answers, and someone who can lead the charge; someone who goes in and carries out all the injured soldiers from a battlefield.
A Forbes article provides a balanced perspective on the place of humility in leadership.
A humble leader is secure enough to recognize his or her weaknesses and to seek the input and talents of others. By being receptive to outside ideas and assistance, creative leaders open up new avenues for the organization and for their employees.
The two key points stressed here are: secure and recognize.
It takes humility to recognize and admit one's weaknesses. The admission doesn't need to take place in front of everyone, but at least to the person in the mirror. Without acknowledging our weak points, we can't improve upon them and grow. Acknowledgement is step one. Taking pertinent action for bringing about change is a necessary second step. Denying our shortcomings even after receiving the same feedback repeatedly is a sign of ego and will restrict personal and professional development. So, we can conclude that humility equals growth.
Being secure means that we're not afraid to seek help and guidance from others. Acknowledging others' opinions and ideas is not an indication of a lack of competence. Rather, it's a sign that one is not threatened by the valuable contribution of others. It creates an open and inspiring environment where creativity is welcomed and encouraged. This will lead to a more productive and positive atmosphere.
The articles continues: "What we teach about leadership in business schools simply does not prepare students for leading, because we ignore the importance of humility in business and beyond."
In his book, The One Minute Manager, Ken Blanchard states "People with humility do not think less of themselves; they just think about themselves less."
We move through the world with a paradigm in which we place ourselves in the center. We try and create an environment in which we can flourish and succeed. The problem with this model is that we have a tendency to become overly focused on ourselves while forgetting the needs of others around us. This can lead us into different levels of selfishness and isolation.
Putting others first isn't the first thing that comes to mind while living in a "every man for himself" culture. From a very early age, we are taught to compete and be the best we can be. Often times, what we're not taught is to be thoughtful along the way and not neglect and crush others. Those who are able to dominate over others are glorified and as we grow, we try to emulate that behavior.
Since this attitude is woven into the very fabric of our society, when it comes to personal success, the trait of humility is almost all but forgotten.  It isn't talked about or seen as relevant.
Although it's never too late to try and inculcate humility into our character, it needs to be instilled into us from an early age. Once we become hardened by the "me first" attitude, it will be very difficult to adopt.
Learning to develop a humble attitude makes us more human. Otherwise, we will walk around pretending we're infallible. This attitude will only distance us from others and ourselves. Gandhi, one of the greatest leaders in all of history, states:
"I claim to be a simple individual liable to err like any other fellow mortal. I own, however, that I have humility enough to confess my errors and to retrace my steps."
Humility means being honest. When a leader can demonstrate honesty and look back on one's actions and behavior, it will provide a tremendous opportunity for personal development. Even though it goes against the grain of our society and the teachings that we've learned, the development of humility can help us cut through the wall of our ego and help us overcome most conflicts and obstacles and help us create harmonious situations in our personal and professional lives.
Even monks and serious meditators will admit that developing humility is no easy task. However, if we hope to move in that direction, we can all take out five to 10 minutes a day to reflect on our behavior and interactions and see how we can make some positive changes towards a more humble approach to life.
Follow Gadadhara Pandit Dasa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/nycpandit
More:

Gadadhara Pandit DasaRevenge or Forgiveness: Which Road Do You Walk?
(3) Comments | Posted April  1, 2014 | 3:22 PM
For many, the first option might seem to be the most satisfying. After all, it provides immediate justice. It allows us a chance to see the other party suffer and that can bring us some level of pleasure. Seeing people suffer for the wrongs they have done makes us feel...
Martin Luther King Jr. and Gandhi: The Liberating Power of Non-violence
(0) Comments | Posted January 21, 2014 | 3:40 PM
It's no big secret that Martin Luther King Jr. took great inspiration from Mahatma Gandhi in pushing forward his Civil Rights Movement. Although the two never met personally, Dr. King was introduced to Gandhi's teachings while at Crozer Theological Seminary. His first application of the non-violent campaign came in 1955...
Ten Spiritual Resolutions for 2014
(2) Comments | Posted December 31, 2013 | 3:44 PM
New Year's resolutions are hard to maintain. We are very familiar with the routine where we feel Gung-ho about a change we want to make and a few weeks into the New Year, the resolution is already slipping away. Even having the desire to make a change, in my opinion,...
Do We All Worship the Same God?
(89) Comments | Posted November  6, 2013 | 11:47 AM
I would like to think so. Something tells me that heaven isn't divided up into a Hindu, Christian, Muslim and Jewish heaven. I would like to think that, up there, we are united regardless of our faith here on Earth.
Sure, while on Earth, we have been given...
Hinduism's Suggestions for a Peaceful Coexistence
(35) Comments | Posted August 12, 2013 | 3:42 PM
We all want to become free of stress and anxiety and live peaceful and happy lives. We try so hard to avoid anxieties, but somehow they find themselves into our lives. It is very natural for us to hanker for and work towards a perpetually happy existence. Rest assured, this...
Urban Monk: Exploring Karma, Consciousness, and the Divine
(0) Comments | Posted July 19, 2013 | 1:45 PM
Most of the time, when people think of monks, they imagine someone living in a monastery on top of a mountain or in the forests practicing silence or sitting in meditation. My monastery is located in the East Village of New York City, surrounded by nightclubs, restaurants, tattoo shops and...
Shri Chaitanya: The Golden Avatar of Love
(98) Comments | Posted March 27, 2013 | 1:00 AM
The word "avatar" conjures up images of blue human-like beings with tails from James Cameron's popular science fiction movie. However, "avatar" is a Sanskrit word that describes the Supreme being or God when He descends to Earth. "Ava" means "down" and "tr" refers to "cross over." Thus it refers to...
Bridging the Gap Between Hinduism and Christianity
(109) Comments | Posted January  3, 2013 | 11:57 AM
Growing up in a Hindu family in Los Angeles while attending a Christian high school for four years, I was never able to make any connection between the two traditions. In fact, they seemed worlds apart. My Christian friends were monotheists, worshippers of one God, with no images other than...
A Splinter in the Mind: The Matrix Through Hinduism
(183) Comments | Posted October  3, 2012 | 4:06 PM
"Something is wrong with this world, you've known it all your life, you don't know what it is. It's like a splinter in your mind ... driving you mad." -- Morpheus, the Matrix
I didn't hear about "The Matrix" until five years after it had come out in theatres. I...
The 33 Million Gods of Hinduism
(108) Comments | Posted August  6, 2012 | 10:54 AM
Why Hindus worship so many gods and goddesses is a real mystery for most people. In the West, where the mass majority of people are part of the Abrahamic faith tradition with one God, the concept of polytheism is nothing more than fantasy or mythology worthy of comic book material....
Fast Food Spirituality
(29) Comments | Posted June 19, 2012 | 12:50 PM
Americans don't like to waste time. We've got so much going on all the time. Even children have incredibly busy lives. We live in a culture where we like to get things done fast! We don't like waiting around for anything.
On the freeways, we have "fast lanes" and...
Is God a Person? A Gaudiya Vaishnav Perspective
(211) Comments | Posted May 24, 2012 | 10:23 PM
For many, the immediate response would be a resounding "no!" Within the theistic traditions of India and within the theistic traditions of the world, there are varying opinions on the subject. For some, it's not too difficult to understand the energy and presence of God in nature and even in...
Bhagavad Gita: You Are Not The Body
(412) Comments | Posted March 20, 2012 | 6:07 PM
When I first came across this concept, in the Bhagavad Gita, about 20 years ago, I was immediately fascinated by it. Not being subjected to birth, old age, disease and death got my attention. It's safe to say that no one is looking forward to these aspects of life.
...
Conscious Cooking (VIDEO)
(1) Comments | Posted February 17, 2012 | 12:00 PM
It's true that simply by cooking and eating, in the right consciousness, one can make spiritual advancement. How does one go about cooking and eating in the right consciousness? First of all, we need to analyze the purpose behind our cooking. Are we cooking simply to fill our bellies or are we cooking to nourish our soul and the souls of others? This analysis will determine what our consciousness is and how the food we prepare will impact us and those who partake of our preparations.
Within many branches of the Hindu tradition, it is recommended that we remain mindful or consciousness of the physical and emotional suffering caused to others as a result of our food choices. A meat diet, which includes fish and eggs, is prohibited because the understanding is that any food that caused others to suffer will create a certain callousness in our minds toward the suffering of others. This callousness can restrict one's spiritual advancement.
In addition to being conscious of food types, the Vaisnava tradition suggests that we shift our consciousness in terms of who the food is being cooked for. Vaisnavism suggests that while one is cooking, they meditate on cooking for the pleasure of Krishna or Vishnu. Cooking for the pleasure of God is one way to purge our consciousness of selfishness. The food can then be offered to Krishna or Vishnu, in a mood of devotion and prayer.
Food that has been cooked in this consciousness and which has become sanctified by the simple offering process purifies the mind of anger, greed, pride and envy and helps us to connect our existence with the Divine. This connecting with the Divine through the process of cooking and eating is called Bhakti Yoga.
...

What the Church Can Learn From Our Grocery Storereddit
It has been a long time my husband Ken and I have "looked" for a church.  As American Baptist ministers we have been called to serve churches.  Ken has served churches in Wisconsin, Illinois and New York.  I have served in Indiana, New York and Ohio.  Then we decided to retire to Ken's home state of North Carolina, or we decided to "redesign life" as we aren't sure where this journey will take us.  This is our story about some things we have learned so far about looking for a church community.
Our story began the day after we arrived at our new home in Durham, North Carolina, and went to our local Kroger Grocery Store.
We had just entered the produce department and were heading toward the deli when "Jack," the prepared foods manager, came to us and introduced himself.  He wanted us to know that they had just changed the store around and to share with us a brand new item in the store -- the $6 meal!  We laughed and told him that we had just moved from the home of the $6 meal -Rochester, New York, the home of Wegman's Grocery Store.
Jack was excited about his department and curious about us.  As we talked, he asked questions and, of course, we bought two meals.  It was the beginning of a beautiful friendship with Jack and the store.
Wander around and employees will come up and ask if you are finding everything you need.  Ask where artichokes are and you will be escorted to the spot, not just the aisle.  One day we were invited to the front of the store where they were giving away free Starbucks coffee to say "thanks for shopping here."
We're told that this store used to be run-of-the-mill, but was then remodeled.  Alongside the store "reset" came a culture of neighborliness. Remarkably, the employees caught the vision. It is now a bit like walking into the "Cheers" bar.
When we see Jack, he asks how our kitchen project is going.  It isn't uncommon at all to be in the meat department where Jack will find us because he saw us walk by. He has met one of our grandchildren and we know about his family and their plumbing problems. One day we saw him follow a woman to the front of the store to ask how her mother was doing. And he isn't the only one there who is interested. Cashiers care. And they hire people who are bit challenged in life.  We love shopping at our Kroger.
If congregations are serious about wanting to reach out to others, they might want to explore the power of the "reset." The methods of welcome in a congregation can be perfunctory, habitual, and lacking energy. Our experience with local congregations is that some members are appointed as "greeters," while others hold back, reluctant to engage those they do not know. In a societal culture that now looks upon churches with suspicion, congregations might get one chance to make a good impression. The key, as we have learned from Kroger, is energetic authenticity.  And people know the difference between perfunctory greeting and energetic authenticity.
There is no magic formula to fix the problems facing the church today, but churches can decide to "reset" themselves. It takes courage and creativity, but if you think about our experience with Kroger or your own experiences, it can be done.
There's no question that just about everyone in American society is overwhelmed by the pace and complexity of life. The grind of life wears on the soul. But, the soul is the church's business. There is an old axiom in business that says, "Remember what business you're in!" The business of church is the soul, the essence of human beings and all humanity. There is no magic formula to fix the problems facing the Church, but, with joyous courage and creativity the "Kroger formula" can be applied.
We've discovered four essential points:
• Folks who visit in churches are not only looking for faith, they are looking for authentic community. They want to be known, not just greeted. They want to be greeted by more than the "greeters."  Being friendly isn't enough.
• A new relationship becomes a bonded relationship because of a thousand small gestures, beginning with a spirit of gladness at the first meeting.
• Such a deep welcome needs to come from the "buy in" of the whole congregation, not just the ebullient personalities of a few talented members.
What can the church learn from our Kroger?
1. We want to be known, not just greeted by the assigned greeters. As Jack is curious about our kitchen project, be curious about people who come into your midst. Talk to people sitting near you in church. Invite the visitor to sit with you in the worship service, accompany them to Coffee Hour or Sunday School, and follow up the visit with deep thanksgiving and another invitation -- to an upcoming church event, mission project, or eventually to your own home for a welcoming meal.
2. We want to be invited into the community. As Kroger employees never walk by us without asking if we are finding everything we need and how we are doing, don't walk by us without eye contact and a smile. Don't assume that if we read about an event in the bulletin we will attend. That is not necessarily true. It takes courage to walk into a group of strangers wondering if anyone will talk to you. Help us out here. Walk in with us. If we walk into an event and no one talks us to us, we aren't coming back.
3. Don't make us do all the work to become part of your church. Our Kroger wants to make our shopping experience positive. They want us to buy more than we came into buy. The longer we stay in the store, the more we buy. If we are constantly looking for the items we came to buy, we will go elsewhere....and they know it.  If it is too much work to become part of your church, we will either go elsewhere or stay home. When your church says anything as a community (i.e. The Lord's Prayer), print the words in the bulletin.  Please don't assume we know what you know. Help us out.  Give us a reason to return.
When we speak of "reset" we are talking about more than the operation of greeting. We are talking about the attitude of the congregation to pure and authentic welcome. We love the church more than you can imagine, and it is for that reason that we hold the Church to a higher standard than Kroger.
The Rev'd Peg Williams and the Rev'd Dr. Ken Williams are recently "retired" from their pastoral roles. Most recently Peg served as the intentional interim minister at the First Baptist Church of Penfield, NY. Ken ended a 13 year pastorate at the First Baptist Church of Rochester, NY. They relocated to a new home in Durham, NC.
Follow Rev. Peg Nowling Williams on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PegNWilliams
More:

Rev. Peg Nowling WilliamsGET UPDATES FROM Rev. Peg Nowling Williams
 
Like
12
The Rev. Peg Nowling Williams is an ordained American Baptist minister, graduate of Christian Theological Seminary and has served seven congregations.  Currently she serves as an interim minister from time to time. For seven years she served as a Field Education Supervisor at Christian Theological Seminary and more recently has taught Baptist Polity at Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School in Rochester NY.  Her husband, Rev. Dr. W. Kenneth Williams, is pastor of First Baptist Church of Rochester NY.  Together they have four children and four, eight or twelve grandchildren, depending on how you count them.
Entries by Rev. Peg Nowling Williams
You Can't Walk in My Shoes and I Can't Walk in Yours
(0) Comments | Posted December  1, 2014 | 10:47 AM
A group of us at our church gather each week to talk about the scriptures for the upcoming sermon. Sometimes, the preacher of the week even joins us.
This past week we talked about Advent and what we are waiting and hoping for. Of course, the conversation soon turned to...
What the Church Can Learn From Our Grocery Store
(2) Comments | Posted October 27, 2014 | 5:46 PM
It has been a long time my husband Ken and I have "looked" for a church. As American Baptist ministers we have been called to serve churches. Ken has served churches in Wisconsin, Illinois and New York. I have served in Indiana, New York and Ohio. Then we decided to...
The Sermon Isn't Everything
(0) Comments | Posted August 14, 2014 | 3:51 PM
It was just a year ago that my husband and I worshiped at Duke Chapel on the beautiful campus of Duke University. The day before we had learned that dear friends had lost a toddler son/grandson in a house fire. Our hearts were broken. We ached for them, as you...
Do We Love Enough?
(7) Comments | Posted October 24, 2013 | 5:00 PM
I love the story of the Good Samaritan. You will find it in the Gospel of Luke 10:25-37 in what we Christians call the New or First Testament.
Jesus tells the story of a man lying on the side of the road. He has been beaten and left for...
Needs, Wants and Wishes
(3) Comments | Posted October  8, 2013 | 9:39 AM
This year has brought big changes into our family. We had fully intended to put our house on the market by the first of April, but my mother's illness and death made that impossible. We did the next best thing and got it ready by June 1.
The housing...
There's Healing and There's Healing
(1) Comments | Posted April 24, 2013 | 2:49 PM
This past Sunday, our Scripture, Acts 9:36-43, told us about Tabitha, a disciple of Jesus. Tabitha, probably the first woman called a disciple, was a beautiful woman, I'm sure. She likely died too young for the life expectancy of women in her day was 40 years old.
The Lessons Continue
(0) Comments | Posted April 15, 2013 | 3:49 PM
Following our traditional Easter luncheon with family and friends, my husband Ken and I headed to Indiana to sit by my mother as she made her way from this place to the next.
Her last dialysis treatment had been on the Wednesday before Easter. The doctor said it...
Dying, but Still Teaching: The Easter Vigil
(1) Comments | Posted April  1, 2013 | 11:40 AM
I sat at the Good Friday Service last night at Twelve Corners Presbyterian Church near our home in Rochester, N.Y. Three churches -- First Baptist of Rochester, Atonement Lutheran, and our host church, Twelve Corners -- have gathered on Good Friday for some years.
As part of...
Dying but Still Teaching: Lessons I'm Learning From My Mother
(16) Comments | Posted March 20, 2013 | 5:44 PM
My mother is dying. Cancer, occlusion of the carotid arteries, kidney failure, and she is only 80 years old. And then there is the dementia.
We noticed the dementia last May after she had been put on steroids for the newly diagnosed kidney problem. On a...
What Gifts Do Our Children Need?
(8) Comments | Posted January  9, 2013 | 1:03 PM
On Epiphany Sunday, we dedicated a beautiful baby girl in our church family. As American Baptists we "dedicate" a child rather than "baptize." It is our tradition as a congregation to dedicate a child to God, joining with the parents to commit to raising the child to know God. The...
Darkness Doesn't Win
(3) Comments | Posted December 21, 2012 | 1:12 PM
Sermon on Luke 1:5-25, Philippians 4:1-13 delivered Dec. 16, the third Sunday of Advent, Year C at Penfield First Baptist Church, Penfield, N.Y.
If you will bear with me, I want to tell you why today's sermon is not the one I wrote on Thursday, but instead the one I...

Get Out of My Office!reddit
Okay, so you don't ever say that, but how many times have you wanted to? It's one of the downfalls of the proverbial "open-door policy."
Too many people think such a policy means they can walk right into your office and talk to you about anything at any time.  If that's what's happening to you, then it's your own fault.  Open-door policies mean that you are -- or will make yourself -- available. It doesn't necessarily mean "right this minute."
You need to be very specific about what your "availability" means.  If you don't, you will foster a situation where familiarity breeds contempt or, at the very least, lack of respect.  So, now is the time to review, restate and reissue the guidelines of when and how you are available.  You can do it formally in writing or more casually by passing the word through your managers and supervisors.
You must remember that the corner office is not the place for coffee klatches, grievance airing or general bitch sessions.  Before you decide to be available for any person or issue, you need to determine why they're requesting your time. It helps if you have a gatekeeper, an admin or a number two, who is capable of fielding mundane and unnecessary personal visits.
I'm not saying hide in your office and let others deal with employees who only want a minute or two of your time.  All levels of staff are important to the smooth operation of any business.  It's a wise executive who makes time for them. But, it's a foolish executive, who allows his time to be squandered.
Casual conversations can be conducted as you go around to the various departments, before and after meetings, over lunch or in the break room, but definitely not by just stopping off at your office.  Work is not home, where neighbors and relatives stopping by is usually a good or nice thing.  Your office time is how and where you get the serious work done, and being interrupted for less then serious talks, no matter how brief, is very disruptive and hampers your concentration and decision making.
A method I have employed ever since I've had employees is to stroll around the work areas, first thing everyday and say good morning to each and every person, by name.  We teach our children that good manners dictate that you say hello when arriving and goodbye when leaving and a little reminding doesn't hurt anyone.  Greetings are a tangible recognition of others. It says that they matter and you recognize that and them.
This methodology I am sure is one of the reasons that my open door policy is respected for the most part.  It is also one of the reasons that people feel part of the team, but more importantly, it's one of the reasons why there is so little drama in our workplace . I've found that by doing so, I give everyone the respect they desire.  It also gives me the opportunity to reinforce the collegial culture that is at the core of our business.  And, it gives the employees a chance to open a conversation that I can react to or instruct them on their next steps, including when and how I might be available to hear them out.
Don't let people misunderstand your "open-door policy."  If you do, I promise at some point you will be busting to say "GET OUT OF MY OFFICE!"
If you would like to read more of Greg's published articles please visit the Lorraine Gregory Communications Group website
This blogger graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
More:

The 5 Biggest Profit Secrets for Creative Entrepreneursreddit
Creatives are those who, by and large, would much rather be dreaming up inspired and imaginative strategies and designs than sitting down looking at P&Ls or dealing with staff issues. Driven to create, they believe that structure and rules will negatively impact the space and freedom they need to explore their creative gifts. They focus on their craft, not on the numbers.
When we talk about creatives, most people automatically think about those who work in the art or design sectors such as fashion or graphics, but this article address all kinds of creative entrepreneurs; it speaks to anyone who colors outside of the lines, who brings imagination, design and creativity into his or her business through clever branding and innovative strategies.
Rather than focusing on the business side of their enterprise, creatives are often more inclined to sacrifice their financial security at the altar of their artistic integrity. They invest their time, capital, and energy in an unbalanced manner that all too often results in the failure of businesses positively overflowing with unrealized potential.
To unlock this potential, you'll need the key, which is a business structure built upon organized, unshakeable financial foundations.
The world of business moves at an incredibly fast pace with new ideas and new trends emerging constantly. Add to that the global financial crisis, the emergence of new markets of competitors, and the rising cost of raw materials, and it becomes apparent that the creative who wants to succeed and be recognized needs to understand precisely what this business climate demands.
Running a successful creative business requires 90 percent business savvy and 10 percent artistic ability -- a fact overlooked by many of those creatives whose businesses fail in their first few years. No matter how talented you are, if you focus the lion's share of your energy developing and utilizing your creative skills at the expense of the financial foundations of your business, the failure of that business is almost guaranteed.
Look at the most successful creative businesses: behind each there is a business-savvy partner whose left-brained logic and critical thinking skills balance out the right-brained intuition and artistry of the creative partner or partners. The reality is that many large and successful creative businesses are as corporately structured as are those found in the banking industry -- don't let appearances fool you. Securing a solid financial base for your business will deliver you more freedom of both time and capital with which you can indulge your creative talents.
Having worked with hundreds of creative business owners over the last 25 years, there are five common challenges that they all face in their attempt to live a life of successful creativity.
Mindset - What most often comes between creatives and financial independence is precisely that which sets them apart from the business community at large. Their natural gifts, often highly specialized, too often lead creatives to excel exclusively in their area of expertise, leaving them unable to transfer their skills into those areas that will guarantee them a financially sustainable business.  Having the right mindset, and an understanding of the keys to profitability is critical to creative success.
Visualise and Plan - Most people view their business as a means to an end. Others (especially those in creative fields) view the business as an end in itself. If you are one of the former then it will be helpful if you understand how much your dreams (and the freedom to pursue them) will cost. If you don't know how much that is, you are flying blind. Not doing so only complicates and confuses the path to freedom. The actual cost might be less than you think.
Funding - 80 percent of businesses fail due to cash flow problems -- and 75 percent of them are profitable businesses.  Starting and maintaining a successful business is a full-time job; it requires a committed mindset -- there is no such thing as overnight success. Often you will read about or watch a show that features a business that started from the owner's bedroom, and now, seemingly overnight, it has grown to employ hundreds and to make millions. The truth is, there is only one way that meteoric success like that happens: outside investment. Fast growth quickly brings with it big cash flow issues, a factor often overlooked, so be aware that rags-to-riches success stories almost always include a lot of back story that you won't hear about. Chances are, the success that appears to emerge out of nowhere is, at least in part, the result of a massive investment of capital from either business partners or outside investors.
Automation - For so many of the creative businesses that I have helped, automation is the cornerstone of a viable financial strategy. It is easier than ever to work remotely; instantaneous communication between you and your customers or collaborators is seamless and instant; social media users, who number in the billions, can turn good ideas into viral campaigns that can turn start ups into multi-million dollar brands almost overnight, however, the constantly flowing tide of new technologies can leave even the most tech-minded creatives feeling overwhelmed. It is important to spend some time and get some clarity around what is on offer and what is going to work for your business success.
Streamline - Once you have set up the financial foundations of your business, ensure that you have a team and systems in place that will regularly evaluate your performance and keep you on track. Your work can become a monster that you have to keep feeding as your business grows. Suddenly, you find that all your time is spent juggling administrative and financial issues. As these begin to crowd the mind, less and less space is afforded to your creative talents. It can feel like the tedious day-to-day business affairs are blurring the vision that led you to start your business in the first place. If this is where you find yourself today, or if you can see yourself there in the not-so-distant future, it is time to look at a few of the ways you can free your hands and your mind for the creative tasks to which they are best suited.
Sophie Andrews is the author of The Creative Collection, Director of the Australian Bookkeepers Association and CEO of The Accounts Studio, a bookkeeping and cash flow consulting agency specializing in working with creatives and entrepreneurs.
Follow Sophie Andrews on Twitter: www.twitter.com/accountsstudio
More:

The Full Employment Act at 35: America s Unfinished Businessreddit
For the first time since the start of the Great Recession, the unemployment rate is below 6 percent. America has experienced 55 consecutive months of net job creation, resulting in the addition of 10.3 million new jobs.
Look beneath these surface-level statistics, however, and you'll still find massive unused human potential and unnecessary suffering.  Nearly 19 million people across the nation are still searching for full-time work.  The unemployment rates for African-Americans and young Americans remain in the double digits. The percentage of Americans in the workforce remains below pre-recession levels because millions of people who want jobs have become too discouraged to continue to seek employment. If these jobless Americans were counted in official statistics, the unemployment rate would be upwards of 9.6 percent.
The federal government has not only a moral obligation to address the ongoing jobs crisis -- it has a legal mandate.  Today marks the 35th anniversary of the Humphrey Hawkins Full Employment and Balanced Growth Act, a law that requires federal policies to be directed toward the attainment of full employment.  The law is in effect today, yet Congress continues to shirk its responsibilities to ensure that people are working.
The Humphrey-Hawkins Act, named after the law's authors, the late Senator Hubert Humphrey and the late Representative Augustus Hawkins, was a turning point in American public policy because it first established the principle that the federal government should serve as an "employer of last resort."  The bill set specific targets for employment and authorized the use of a broad range of fiscal and monetary tools to achieve them.
While private sector hiring is the ideal, the Humphrey-Hawkins Act commits the government to step in when workers are idle and public needs -- like roads, schools, bridges, health centers, and scientific research -- go unmet.  The cost of inaction is simply too great: unemployment means serious damage to Americans' health (by causing anxiety and lost insurance coverage), homes and neighborhoods (through foreclosures and increased crime), and lifelong career prospects (because of atrophied skills and discrimination against the long-term unemployed). When we create jobs -- whether through private investment or federal action--businesses have more customers able to buy more goods and services and the overall economy prospers. When there are more jobs available, lower-income and moderate-income workers can bargain for higher wages.
There are cost-effective policies Congress should pass right now to live up to the law it passed 35 years ago.  Specifically, Congress should pass the new 21st-century Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment and Training Act (H.R. 1000) to create the means to hire people to make necessary upgrades to our infrastructure, healthcare, and education systems.  Another excellent option is the updated and upgraded version of President Obama's American Jobs Act (H.R. 2821).  Even if Republican leadership disagrees with these proposals to put Americans back to work, they should show respect for the suffering of unemployed Americans and their families by allowing them to receive a fair up-or-down vote.
If the Republican-controlled Congress continues to obstruct critical job creation initiatives, President Obama should build on his "year of action" to use the authority granted to him by the Humphrey-Hawkins Act to promote action for the unemployed wherever possible.  I stand ready to assist President Obama in building Congressional support for an agenda that fulfills the promise of Humphrey-Hawkins.
Thirty-five years after the enactment of the Full Employment law, America remains far from the realizing the vision of a Full Employment society.  We have both a moral obligation and a legal mandate to get to work.
Follow Rep. John Conyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RepJohnConyers
More:

Dunkin  Donuts coffee shops to sell flaky croissant-donut crossoverDunkin' Donuts coffee shops to sell flaky croissant-donut crossover
Dunkin Donuts
A Dunkin Donuts sign is seen in New York City.
A Dunkin Donuts sign is seen in New York City. (Mario Tama / Getty Images)
By Reuters
Dunkin' Brands
Dunkin' Donuts will begin selling a combination croissant-donut early next month, an official said on Monday, as the coffee shop chain follows a popular pastry hybrid that has drawn hordes to a New York bakery.
The ring-shaped croissant-donut will feature a "delicate and flaky croissant ring that is glazed like a donut" and debut Nov. 3 at specific U.S. locations, said Dunkin' Brands spokeswoman Michelle King .

Honda Motor Q2 profit falls 4%  misses estimatesChang-Ran Kim and Mari Saito     Tokyo   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 15:11 IST
Honda Amaze
Honda Motor Co on Tuesday reported a 4.1 per cent fall in second-quarter profit, missing analyst estimates, as it struggles with product recalls in the United States and Japan that could delay the development of new models.
Japan's third-biggest automaker by revenue booked 164.4 billion yen ($1.52 billion) in operating profit for July-September, compared with a 184.1 billion yen mean estimate of 14 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The automaker also kept its forecast for the full year ending March 31 at 770 billion yen. The result comes as US consumers announced a lawsuit against Honda in relation to its recall of over 5 million cars carrying potentially defective airbags from Takata Corp. Last week, Honda also apologised for the fifth domestic recall of its Fit hybrid subcompact and said it would re-examine its process for developing cars.
Shares of Honda closed 0.7 per cent lower before the earnings release, compared with a 0.4 per cent decline in Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei index.
(1 US dollar = 107.8200 Japanese yen)
(Reuters)

Six children drown in pond in Saharsa during Chhath Puja preparationsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:23 pm
Six children, aged between 10 and 12 years, drowned in a village pond in Saharsa during Chhath Puja preparations on Tuesday morning. The four-day Chhath Puja began on Monday. The evening offering to Sun god will be made on Wednesday evening.
Police said the incident took place inside the premises of a petrol pump at Sadar police station area where 12 children had gone to prepare ghats near a pond. Children were not accompanied by their parents or guardians.
Of 12 children who had gone inside the pond, six manged to come out of it. Sadar police station in-charge Suryakant Pandey confirmed the incident and said as the pond was privately owned, local administration did not monitor ghat preparations there.

Jonas Salk: Google celebrates developer of polio vaccine with birthday Doodle.(courtesy of GOOGLE 2014)
 
WHILE I WAS attending the University of California at San Diego, the singular view beckoned. There, just a block’s walk away, was the Salk Institute, perched like a pearl above the Pacific. There, as if squatting before a runway, you could watch people sprint and hurl themselves off the cliff top, sometimes dipping precipitously toward the waves, over and down…till the Western gusts breathed new life beneath the hang glider, and the curving and wind-carving thermal dance began.
Each such leap into the breeze seemed like not only an act of a certain courage, but also of confidence — that your limbs would not fail you now. And it felt perfect that these trips of faith were launched so close to the institute — named for the scientifically sure-footed pioneer whose vaccine saved so many limbs, and so many lives.
Salk on the March 29, 1954, cover of Time magazine.
When I first began walking to the Salk site, in the ’90s, you could still spot the man himself there in La Jolla, in his 70s and several decades removed from his initial work that would land him on magazine covers as an international hero. His legacy was not only larger than life, but was also precisely about the fragility of life itself.
As so many tens of thousands of children suffered from polio into midcentury, his vaccine began as the stuff of dreams; by the mid-’50s, it was the substance of a profoundly life-altering reality.
Dr. Salk had begun his journey a coast away; he got his medical degree in 1939, at the New York University School of Medicine, and was working at the city’s Mount Sinai Hospital before a research fellowship at the University of Michigan — with his mentor — beckoned. In 1947, he moved to head up the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine’s Virus Research Laboratory, where he did the real groundbreaking work in his march toward a vaccine for paralytic poliomyelitis, or polio.
The goal, of course, was to trigger the body’s own defenses — so it would build immunity against the disease. Salk believed that antibodies could be produced by injecting not a live virus, but rather a deactivated (non-infectious) one.
At this point, enough necessary tumblers clicked into place. For one, the team of Harvard scientist John Enders solved how to grow the pure poliovirus in the test tube — a crucial step that enabled Salk’s effective experimentation with a “killed virus.” And then there were the needed funds — Salk got backing from the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis (the March of Dimes Birth Defects Foundation).
In 1954, at least 1-million children — the Polio Pioneers — were tested across the nation (this followed testing that ranged from monkeys to Salk’s own family). The vaccine was announced as safe and largely effective on April 12, 1955.
“In the two years before [the] vaccine was widely available, the average number of polio cases in the U.S. was more than 45,000,” according to the Salk Institute. “By 1962, that number had dropped to 910.”
Salk the overnight hero received a special citation from President Eisenhower, but he refused to patent his would-be lucrative vaccine (the Salk vaccine was eventually replaced by Albert Sabin’s cheaper “live virus” vaccine). On the day his vaccine was announced as safe, Salk told the legendary newsman Edward R. Murrow: “There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?”
In the ’60s, Salk built his La Jolla biological studies center — his “dream” institute — where he helped lead research on cancer immunology, multiple sclerosis and autoimmune diseases, as well as on development of an AIDS vaccine.
Jonas Edward Salk was born on this day a century ago in New York. Google celebrates the 100th anniversary of his birth today with a warm-hearted home-page Doodle — by gifted artist Mike Dutton — featuring a sidewalk gathering of grateful children.
Dr. Salk — who was married to social worker Donna Lindsay and later to artist Francoise Gilot (a past love of Pablo Picasso’s) — died June 23, 1995, at his La Jolla home. He was 80.
And there in La Jolla, near where nimble-limbed hang-gliders launch against the backdrop of the institute’s sun-bleached concrete, resides a memorial to Salk, the pioneer, the hero, the icon. It reads: “Hope lies in dreams, in imagination and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.”
The words, like the achievements, are his.
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Head- Emerging Equities F&C InvestmentsHead- Emerging Equities
LGM
Mr. Jeff Chowdhry serves as the Head for Emerging Markets Equities at LGM (erstwhile F&C Asset Management Plc). Mr. Chowdhry serves as a Chief Relationship Director of Foreign & Colonial Latin American Investment Trust PLC. He is also a Portfolio Manager at F&C Asset Managers Limited. Mr. Chowdhry served as a Joint Head of Emerging Markets at F&C Latin American Investment Trust PLC. He joined the firm in 1994. Mr. Chowdhry served as the Trust Manager of Foreign & Colonial Emerging Markets Investment Trust PLC until April 1, 2004. He began his career as an Investment Analyst in 1982 and then joined Royal Insurance PLC in 1985 as a Portfolio Manager. Before that Mr. Chowdhry was at BZW Investment Management in 1987, where he was a Director in the emerging markets division. He has managed investments in the US, Europe, Latin America, and Asia. He serves as a Director at F&C Management. He holds a B.Sc. in Economics from Brunel University and an MBA from Kingston Business School.
ABOUT Jeff Chowdhry
Mr. Jeff Chowdhry serves as the Head for Emerging Markets Equities at LGM (erstwhile F&C Asset Management Plc). Mr. Chowdhry serves as a Chief Relationship Director of Foreign & Colonial Latin American Investment Trust PLC. He is also a Portfolio Manager at F&C Asset Managers Limited. Mr. Chowdhry served as a Joint Head of Emerging Markets at F&C Latin American Investment Trust PLC. He joined the firm in 1994. Mr. Chowdhry served as the Trust Manager of Foreign & Colonial Eme...

LensPick.com into online eyewearHyderabad, Oct. 28:  
Venkart Ecom, a Hyderabad-based group has launched an exclusive eyewear venture in the growing e-commerce space.
LensPick.com will be an online e-Commerce portal operating from Hyderabad & Bangalore. It will focus on the eyewear industry marketing wide range of eyewear products both online and retail as well as its private labels, said Darshan Kulkarni, Vice-President, Corporate Investments.
The main promoters are Dilip C Byra, a former civil servant and Pavani Byra, a medical doctor. The Group has a subsidiary called Value Retail along with Value Vision, pharmacy and franchise stores in Hyderabad and Bangalore.
The e-retailer is in talks with PEs and high networth individuals to raise up to Rs 25 crore funding to expand, Kulkarni said.
The present market size of eyewear industry in India is approx Rs 21,000 crore and expected to double in a couple of years. The company has entered into an alliance with Value Vision Optical Chain in the two cities.
Correction: A mention about Lybrate Technologies has been removed.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Road shows to project Bengal as an investment destinationRoad shows to project Bengal as an investment destination
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, October 28:  
In an attempt to project West Bengal as an emerging and ideal investment destination, the State Government has joined hands with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) to organise the first of the four Road Shows ahead of Bengal Leads 2015. The first road show was held in Mumbai today.
Bengal Leads is a global summit, organised by the State and will be held on January 7 and January 8 at the Eco Tourism Park at Rajarhat, New Town on the North Eastern fringes of the city.
Leading the joint business team from Bengal was Debashis Sen, Principal Secretary, Department of Urban Development and Town and Country Planning, West Bengal. The team also included Sudip Dutta, Senior Vice President, Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (ILFS), and Sumit Dabriwala, Managing Director, Riverbank Developers Pvt. Ltd.
The remaining three road shows will be held in Bangalore (November 3), Hyderabad (November 6) and Chennai (November 10).
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Wall St. rises at open but data curbs gainsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Burdwan blast: India to hand over dossier to Bangladesh government to counterJMBPrint
Sources said Kausar was hiding in Birbhum in West Bengal till October 5 but fled from there too later.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:03 pm
India will be handing over a dossier to Bangladesh government for preventive steps and necessary action needed to be taken by Dhaka to counter the threat posed by Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB).
Taking the issue seriously, the Centre had deputed National Security Advisor Ajit Doval to visit Burdwan for having a first-hand knowledge of the conspiracy being hatched by alleged cadres of JMB to target Bangladesh government from Indian soil, official sources said on Tuesday.
The Narendra Modi government has made it clear that it will have friendly relations with all neighbouring countries and following that policy, National Investigation Agency (NIA) has been asked to complete the investigation into the October 2 blast as soon as possible so that all contours of the international terror conspiracy are exposed, the sources said.
Doval, who had a lengthy meeting with West Bengal Chief Minister Mamta Banerjee on Monday, explained to her about the deep-rooted conspiracy being hatched from West Bengal to target installations in neighbouring Bangladesh.
During the meeting, Banerjee admitted lapses at the initial stage of the probe into the blast and expressed her displeasure against the local police for the manner in which they had handled the case, sources privy to the development said.
Banerjee was particularly upset with the local police for their inability to recover a sack containing 40 improvised hand grenades. It was unearthed by NIA nearly a week after the October two explosion at the Burdwan house.
Besides, the key mastermind of the whole plot, Sheikh Kausar, could manage to flee from the area apparently due to alleged lackadaisical approach of West Bengal Police, the sources said.
Sources said Kausar was hiding in Birbhum in West Bengal till October 5 but fled from there too later.

Cyclone Nilofar to have mild affect in Rajasthan: MeTdepartmentPrint
The cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour.
By: Press Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:16 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:33 pm
Cyclone Nilofar, developing in the Arabian Sea, would have mild affect in Rajasthan’s border districts of Barmer, Jalore and Jodhpur on its arrival later this week, a MeT official said on Tuesday.
The cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour, Chief MeT Official B N Vishnoi said.
“As per today’s speed, its arrival would be delayed from October 30-31 to November one as it is located at Kutch- Naliya, and it would likely to strike Rajasthan’s border districts of Barmer, Jalore and Jodhpur after November one”, Vishnoi said.
“There would likely to be a mild affect of Nilofar in Rajasthan, and there would be wind speed of 20 to 30 km accompanied with showers after November one”, he said.
“Nilofar could cause damage to crops like Bajra, Gawar, Moong cereal, and Soya bean which were harvested and lying in the open field, and for this there should be a warning for farmers to take it to a warehouse storage at the earliest”, he said.
Mild cold winds would be tolerable to public, but risky for farmers whose crop produce was lying in the fields or open place, he said.

FIIs can buy 49% of Hero Moto s paid-up capitalBSE
(Reserve Bank has allowed…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank has allowed foreign investors to buy up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital in Hero MotoCorp Ltd.
"...Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital of Hero MotoCorp Ltd. (Earlier Hero Honda Motors Ltd.) under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," RBI said in a notification.
The decision follows passage of a special resolution at board of directors and shareholders to enhance the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
As of quarter ended September 2014, FIIs held 34.34 per cent in the company.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Shares of Hero MotoCorp closed 1.68 per cent lower at Rs 3,034.80 per scrip on the BSE today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wipro to expand in Romania; hire 150 peopleYou are here: Home > Collections > Romania
Wipro to expand operations in Romania; hire 150 people
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 07.17PM IST
Tags:
BUCHAREST
(Wipro plans to increase…)
NEW DELHI: Country's third largest software services firm Wipro today said it will expand operations in Romania with the addition of about 150 employees by end of next calendar year.
Wipro plans to increase its employee strength in Romania by 25 per cent to 750 employees by December 2015, Wipro said in a statement.
Wipro has been supporting global customers from Eastern Europe for nearly a decade.
Currently, the the company's facilities in Romania serve more than 20 customers in Eastern Europe, supported by over 600 employees.
Wipro's customers in Romania span across sectors like retail and consumer goods, healthcare, manufacturing and telecom industries, among others.
The Bangalore-based firm expects to see significant traction across service lines in Romania in the medium term.
"Eastern Europe is poised to become a strategic delivery location for Wipro and we are committed to investing in the region. We are building strong domain knowledge in key growth verticals and are hiring local talent with strong program management capabilities," Wipro CEO and Member of the Board TK Kurien said.
In Romania, Wipro has development centres in Bucharest and Timisoara .
The firm is also in discussions with local universities to partner and develop curriculum for enhancing local capabilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Survey: Mobile trading on rise  provides edgeEMAIL
(AP)
Investors have jumped on the mobile app bandwagon. They are trading more on their cellphones and say it gives them confidence and provides an investment edge, a Fidelity survey found.
Nearly seven out of 10 (69%) respondents to Fidelity’s Mobile Money Study released Tuesday feel mobile trading gives them an advantage over investors who don’t use mobile apps. And 41% said they place at least one mobile trade per month.
Four out of 10 (41%) of frequent users of financial apps reported a return on investment of more than 20% on their total investable assets in the past 12 months, while just 22% of less frequent users cited similar returns, the Fidelity survey found.
Fidelity, a mutual fund company, says its shareholders have increased mobile trades by more than 40% in the past year.
“Just as mobile technology has changed our everyday lives, people are increasingly relying on the convenience of mobile to invest and manage their finances,” said Velia Carboni, senior vice president, mobile channel at Fidelity. “In the past year … our survey found that more than one-third of mobile traders make trade decisions on the spur of the moment, capitalizing on investing opportunities from their screen, anywhere.”
Here’s a snapshot of the new breed of mobile trader, according to the survey’s findings:
* 56% are performing sophisticated investing tasks on mobile financial apps, including conducting technical research, or charting, (43%), conducting fundamental research, such as reading analyst reports, (44%), and trading (41%) at least once a month.
* 53% said they placed their first mobile trade in the past 12 months.
Financial trading apps are all about convenience and speed.
In short, you can place a trade when and where you want. Here are some of the most popular places to use financial apps:
* 65% say they use a financial app in the bedroom, 49% in the car, 35% at the dinner table — and 10% on the golf course.
* The most popular location among mobile users is in front of the television, 77%.
Courtesy of Fidelity, here’s a graphic that shows all the various places investors use mobile financial apps.
Fidelity’s Mobile Money Study presents the findings of an online study conducted by ORC International among a sample of 1,198 adults. All respondents in the survey are investment decision makers age 25+ with investable assets of $50,000+ and prefer to use a financial app on their smartphone or tablet and do so at least monthly.
 

Dollar falls after weak data  Swedish crown slidesDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

ILFS Engineering bags Rs 179.84 cr Dighi port contractOct 28, 2014, 07.40 PM IST  | Source: PTI
IL&FS Engineering bags Rs 179.84 cr Dighi port contract
IL&FS is presently executing the EPC contract of berth 4 of multipurpose cargo terminal works on north side of Dighi Port.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IL&FS Engineering bags Rs 179.84 cr Dighi port contract
IL&FS is presently executing the EPC contract of berth 4 of multipurpose cargo terminal works on north side of Dighi Port.
Post your opinion here
 
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company today said it has bagged a contract worth Rs 179.84 crore for development of multipurpose berth at the Dighi Port.
"IL&FS Engineering Services has received a Letter of Award (LoA) from IL&FS Maritime Infrastructure on behalf of Dighi Port, valued at Rs 179.84 crore for engineering, procurement, and construction of multipurpose berth, backup yard development, and utilities of multipurpose terminal berth 5 on north side of the port in Agardanda in Maharashtra," a release issued here said.
The project is expected to be completed in 545 days from the date of notice to proceed, it said. The scope of the contract includes reclamation of 50 acre of backup area and other works like paved area,buildings, internal roads among others.
IL&FS is presently executing the EPC contract of berth 4 of multipurpose cargo terminal works on north side of Dighi Port.
RELATED NEWS

Arun Kumar Sharma takes over as IOC Director (Finance)Oct 28, 2014, 07.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Arun Kumar Sharma takes over as IOC Director (Finance)
Arun Kumar Sharma has taken over as Director (Finance) of Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest firm.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Arun Kumar Sharma takes over as IOC Director (Finance)
Arun Kumar Sharma has taken over as Director (Finance) of Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest firm.
Post your opinion here
 
Arun Kumar Sharma has taken over as Director (Finance) of Indian Oil Corp ( IOC ), the nation's largest firm. 
A Chartered Accountant, Sharma has over three decades of experience in IOC and has handled the entire gamut of activities in the Finance function, the company said in a statement here.
Sharma has also served as Head of IOC's treasury where he was credited for issuing the first ever Foreign Currency Bonds (USD 500 million) in 2010.
Prior to joining the Board of IOC, he was Executive Director (Finance) of Refineries Division.
IOC stock price
On December 05, 2014, Indian Oil Corporation closed at Rs 345.30, down Rs 1.7, or 0.49 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 410.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 194.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 41.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 8.34. The latest book value of the company is Rs 271.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.27.
RELATED NEWS

Here are commodity trading ideas from Kishore NarneLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are commodity trading ideas from Kishore Narne
Watch the interview of Kishore Narne, Associate Director, Head - Commodity & Currency, Motilal Oswal Commodity Broker with Shereen Bhan on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on the commodity market and specific commodities.
Post your opinion here

5 Revelations From Tim Cook s Whirlwind DayThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

FIIs can invest up to 49% in Hero MotoCorp: RBIFIIs can invest up to 49% in Hero MotoCorp: RBI
Study suggests frozen food is healthier than youStudy Suggests Frozen Food Is Healthier Than You Think
But it's still no replacement for a home-cooked meal.
Johnny Yu
October 28, 2014
On a late night when you don’t have the time or motivation to prepare dinner, you’re probably more likely to hit up Wendy’s on your way home than reach for the Lean Cuisine lurking in your freezer. It's okay, you can admit it.
And as it turns out, you’re not alone: According to a poll of UK consumers , most adults (and especially young adults) view frozen food as unhealthy and unappetizing, and only consume it as a last resort.
Hot Pockets: The breakfast, lunch, and dinner of champions. [Image credit: Flickr user "jeepersmedia" (CC BY 2.0)] View Larger
However, a study recently published in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics has shown that prepackaged frozen meals consistently contain fewer calories, less fat, and more nutrients than fast food.
The study found that those who eat frozen meals consume an average of 253 fewer calories and 2.6 less grams of saturated fat per day than fast food eaters. While neither option is as healthy as eating freshly cooked meals, it's still useful information for people who find themselves forced to decide between the two quickest options.
Although the study was peer-reviewed, it's worth noting that it was supported by Nestlé USA (makers of Hot Pockets and Stouffer’s frozen meals). The lead author on the paper is Dr. Victor Fulgoni of Nutrition Impact, a consulting firm that helps food & beverage companies "develop and communicate aggressive, science-based claims about their products and services."
It will likely take more than raw data and aggressive marketing to get consumers on board this gravy train.
This doesn’t discredit the results of the study outright, but it’s important to understand that Nestlé and ConAgra (makers of Healthy Choice and Banquet frozen meals) just so happen to be making a renewed effort to push frozen food as healthy, using words like "wellness" rather than "diet."
But while there's evidence that frozen meals shouldn’t simply be dismissed as junk food, it will likely take more than raw data and aggressive marketing to get consumers on board this gravy train.
Hero image: Flickr user “slice” (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Marie Callender's Chicken Pot Pie, 16 Ounce -- 12 per case.
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

http://usat.ly/1oVzfMYAlibaba makes run at $100-a-share barrier
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 10:06 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba (BABA) not only shook off its IPO malaise, but Tuesday became the latest stock to blow past $100 a share — before closing just below it.
Following news the company that operates giant shopping sites in China might be working with Apple (AAPL), shares blasted $1.89, or 1.9%, to $99.68. Shares had been as high as $100.67 during the say. The move caps what’s been an impressive rise in the stock since its Sept. 18 initial public offering. Shares were initially priced at $68 a share.
The stock’s rise is tied to comments made by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma during a conference Monday sponsored by the Wall Street Journal in California. Ma said he’d be receptive to working with Apple on a mobile payments system. Alibaba owns Alipay, which is a payment service that has its own mobile payments system.
But even investors who piled into the deal on the first day of trading are now in the black. Alibaba shares closed at $92.70 on their first day of trading. That means even the latecomers are now up 8.1% on their investment.
Alibaba’s massive rise in stock price is creating an absolute behemoth. The company commands a market value of more than $241 billion, which is nearly twice  U.S.-based online retailer Amazon.com and well ahead of online auctioneer eBay at $63.6 billion.
Seems like any company that gets near Apple these days gets a glow with investors. Shares of Apple themselves are on fire this year as there doesn’t appear to be any barrier to slow down the device maker’s growth. Shares of Apple Tuesday rose $1.01, or nearly 1%, to $106.09 making it another stock that has surpassed the $100 (again),  as well.

Market losing faith in the Fedmarket losing faith in the fed
Formula One s chickens come home to roostFormula One's chickens come home to roost
By By Alan Baldwin | Reuters –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Recommend
0
By Alan Baldwin
LONDON (Reuters) - Talk of financial crisis in Formula One is nothing new but the absence of back-markers Caterham and Marussia from this week's U.S. Grand Prix after they went into administration has concentrated minds.
For the first time since 2005, there will be only nine teams in the paddock and some of them are competing in straitened circumstances.
It is a long-standing joke that the best way to make a small fortune in Formula One is to start with a large one, but securing even a basic budget is proving increasingly difficult in a sport that burns through cash at eye-watering speed.
Sauber have made no secret of their problems while Force India owner Vijay Mallya continues to make headlines after being declared a "wilful defaulter" last month by state-run lender United Bank of India.
Speculation has also swirled around Lotus, who have had serious financial problems.
The signs of trouble have been there for years, with regular warnings and calls for cost caps along the way. The plight of Caterham and Marussia, who are both hoping to find a buyer, comes as no surprise.
"It seems that the chickens have come home to roost," Max Mosley, the former president of the governing International Automobile Federation, told the Times newspaper on Monday.
Mosley helped three new teams into the sport at the start of the 2010 season, after a manufacturer exodus, with a promise of budget caps and regulation tweaks to ensure they could compete on a level playing field.
The 40 million pound ($64.55 million) annual budget cap never happened, with the big teams refusing to countenance such a measure, and by the end of the 2010 season Mosley spelled out the risks implicit in that rejection.
"For 2011, you need $100 million, with 30 or 40 million from Bernie Ecclestone and perhaps 20 to 25 million from sponsors or the drivers," he declared at the time.
"I'd say six teams are wondering where the rest is coming from. It's quite possible we will lose two or three teams."
The Briton's words would have been just as valid now.
"The budget cap was absolutely the right thing to do," he said on Monday. "Clearly no sport can survive properly when some teams are spending four and five times more than the smallest. There cannot be proper competition that way."
Caterham, which started life as Lotus Racing under Malaysian entrepreneur Tony Fernandes, was supposedly sold in July and went into administration last week amid a paper storm of accusations and counter-claims.
Marussia, which made its debut in 2010 as Virgin Racing, followed on Monday for financial reasons. Spanish-based HRT folded at the end of 2012.
VESTED INTERESTS
The U.S. Grand Prix will be the first race since 2009 without any of those new teams and risks being remembered as the end of a bold experiment that might have succeeded but ultimately was doomed by vested interests and a lack of vision.
Of the three, only Marussia ever scored any points and that was in May when French driver Jules Bianchi finished an astonishing ninth for a team so hard up it could not afford celebratory champagne.
Bianchi now lies critically injured in a Japanese hospital after an horrific crash in Japan three weeks ago, a personal tragedy that was also a disaster for the team.
Even without the nightmare of Suzuka, Marussia were on borrowed time with the team desperately trying to stay afloat in a very deep ocean.
Their budget of about 50 million pounds ($80.69 million) was generally regarded as the smallest of all the teams and compared to $200 million plus for the likes of Mercedes and Ferrari.
Formula One has seen more than 120 teams come and go, with Ferrari the only one to have stayed the course since the championship started in 1950. Some 51 never scored a point.
To some, that is the nature of a sport that carries no passengers and in which only the fittest survive.
Just as the graveyards of Europe are filled with indispensable men, so too the Formula One scrapheap is piled high with illustrious names once considered immortal.
But there are many who question whether teams should still be folding in a sport with an annual turnover of more than $1.5 billion and an annual prize fund of more than $750 million.
Part of the problem lies in the distribution of that fund, with the big teams taking the lions' share and some, such as Ferrari, getting additional special bonuses.
"In every industry, successful companies stay in the market, and less successful ones disappear," said Paola Aversa of London’s Cass Business School.
"However, if we consider that in F1 on average one company goes under every year...and that even the successful firms struggle to break even, we must wonder whether the business model of this industry is actually sustainable.
"We should ask whether the distribution of wealth is proportionate to a point that allows all the players, both administrators and teams, to get a fair share of the pie and thus achieve a reasonable turnover."
Aversa pointed to the major American sports as an example of a business model that ensured even small teams could compete.
Whether Formula One, where a small team's engine supply alone costs around $20 million a year, has the will to change remains another matter.
The talk now is increasingly about the big teams possibly running three cars rather than two, a move that would only increase the problems of smaller outfits that risk being squeezed even further out of the points.
The FIA has made no substantial headway in reining in costs. Now under former Ferrari boss Jean Todt, the governing body announced last year that a cost cap would be introduced for 2015.
In April, Todt said the plan had been dropped because the leading six teams did not believe it was viable.
($1 = 0.6197 British pound)

Tatas have love for the people: West Bengal ministerTatas have love for the people: West Bengal minister
NRI investors sue private equity firm ICICI Venture over lossesNRI investors sue private equity firm ICICI Venture over losses
Billionaires club says Indians unfair to fairer sexBillionaires club says Indians unfair to fairer sex
Ajay Chordia s death remains shrouded in mysteryAjay Chordia s death remains shrouded in mystery
NSA via Reuters filensa via reuters file
13 International Hotels With Incredible VistasThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Exclusive Peek at New Macy s Thanksgiving Day Parade FloatThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Washington School ShootingHomecoming Prince Identified as High School Shooting Suspect
Oct 25, 2014, 10:40 AM ET
Jaylen Fryberg is seen in this undated YouTube video.
Jim McGauhey
Share
Copy
A high school homecoming prince in Washington state calmly opened fire in the school cafeteria at lunchtime, killing one person and injuring four others - including two of his relatives - before shooting himself to death, police and witnesses said.
Eyewitnesses and law enforcement sources identified the shooter as Jaylen Fryberg, a freshman at Marysville-Pilchuck High School, about 40 miles north of Seattle.
Fryberg, 14, was on the football team and a video from this year's homecoming game showed him named the freshman class homecoming prince.
The Curse of Columbine, an ABC News Interactive
Marysville police refused to release the name of the shooter publicly, but said he was a student at the school and the gun he used, a 40-caliber handgun, was legally acquired, though it was unclear by whom. The deceased victim was a female.
Two of the victims, 14-year-old Nate Hatch and 15-year-old Andrew Fryberg, are relatives of the shooter, according to Hatch's grandfather and a source within the Tulalip Tribes. Some of its members were involved in the shooting.
"My grandson and the shooter were best friends," said the boy's grandfather, Donald Hatch. "They grew up together and did everything together."
Fryberg underwent surgery for a head wound, said Dr. Joanne Roberts, chief medical officer at Providence Regional Medical Center. He and Hatch, who had less serious injuries, were transferred to another hospital.
Fryberg is listed in critical condition, while Hatch is in serious condition.
The other victims, two young women, remain in critical condition, said Roberts. Their head injuries were so severe they were not immediately identifiable, and officials met with relatives to ask about birthmarks and descriptions of their children's clothing to help make a match.
Two other students were treated for minor injuries at the high school, according to the Snohomish County Sheriff's Office.
Genna Martin/The Herald/AP Photo
PHOTO: Marysville-Pilchuck students are bussed from the high school to the nearby Shoultes Christian Assembly Church where they were reunited with their families after a school shooting took place, Oct. 24, 2014.
A 911 caller reported the shooting at 10:39 a.m. Friday, said Marysville Police Commander Robb Lamoureux. School security officers arrived at the cafeteria two minutes later, then confirmed "the shooter was down."
"They're traumatized -- there's no doubt about it," Lamoureux said of the students. "There's a lot of healing that has to take place in this community."
Brian Patrick, the father of a girl who said she was 10 feet from the gunman, told The Associated Press that Fryberg shot his schoolmates in a calm, methodical way.
"The guy walked into the cafeteria, pulled out a gun and started shooting," he said of his daughter's account. "No arguing, no yelling."
The Snohomish County Sheriff's Office said a cafeteria worker tried stopping the shooter, but didn't detail what happened.
Marysville-Pilchuck High School will be closed all of next week, and the football game that was scheduled for this evening was cancelled after the opposing team offered to take second place, schools Superintendent Becky Berg said.
"We are indeed heartsick," Berg said this evening.
Ted S. Warren/AP Photo
PHOTO: People embrace in front of school buses at a church, where students were taken to be reunited with parents, following a shooting at Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash. on Oct. 24, 2014.
Nathan Heckerdorf, a student at the school, told ABC News that he spoke to the shooting suspect before the first class of the day to see how he was doing because he allegedly got into a fight over racial slurs.
The suspect claimed to be alright, and Heckerdorf thought he seemed normal.
Heckerdorf spoke to ABC News by phone while he was waiting to be evacuated from a classroom that he ran into when he heard gunshots.
"We were told to get away from the windows," Heckerdorf told ABC News of what he and about 25 other students were doing inside the classroom.
He said the school splits lunch into two periods and the people in the cafeteria at the time of the first shooting would have been there because they had the earlier lunch.
He was headed to the cafeteria but ran away when he heard the gunshots. He said that someone pulled the fire alarm immediately afterwards, causing everyone to scatter.
Ted S. Warren/AP Photo
PHOTO: Parents and students move under police tape at a church, where students were taken following a shooting at Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash. on Oct. 24, 2014.
"Everybody's still shaken up," Heckerdorf said. "Some people are crying. But, as of now, it's a pretty calm atmosphere."
Eyewitness Alyx Peitzsch told ABC News affiliate KOMO that she was in the cafeteria when the shooting started and she heard four gunshots.
She estimated that there were perhaps 50 people in the cafeteria but she ran out of the room as soon as she heard the shots.
Peitzsch and many other students ran to a church near the school where her mother picked her up.
Ted S. Warren/AP Photo
PHOTO: A woman waits on a curb at a church, where students were taken following a shooting at Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash. on Oct. 24, 2014.
Police cleared the school's multiple buildings to ensure that the situation was stable and to look for injured students, Lamoureux said, before transitioning from a dynamic scene to an investigative scene. Several hours after the shooting, several students still were being questioned, he added.
The FBI had a SWAT team involved in the searches, and was supporting local authorities by providing additional victim specialists, who have extensive knowledge and experience in assisting victims, witnesses of crisis situations, and their families, an FBI spokeswoman in Seattle said.
President Obama was briefed on the shooting within hours of the incident.
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion

Seniors flock to Facebook0
Ramireza had to drive more than two hours to see Stoehr when they met for her technology lessons, so he would usually want to stay at the retirement home for at least three hours. Stoehr often fell asleep during her lessons. To help her, he and Stoehr started using Facebook in 20-minute spurts and then took a break.
Why don't you go read a book?
Florence Detlor, 103, was invited to Facebook headquarters by Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg in 2012 for being the site's oldest registered user at the time. Detlor says she likes Facebook because it is a "social animal!" for people to get together and "share ideas through leaving notices." The Californian's trip to the headquarters was "fine," but these days, she says she doesn't have a lot of time for Facebook. She's busy reading The New Yorker and books on the war in Iraq.
Please restrain yourself.
Mary Sturkey, a Facebook grandma from Detroit, does not understand why people feel the need to post so often about the minutiae of their lives. "It's like, look at me! Look what I have done! And frankly it's just not interesting," Sturkey says. The former elementary school principal, who says she is "somewhere in the middle 70s," enjoys online shopping and playing "Plants vs. Zombies." But don't get her started on selfies.
"It amazes me," she says. "Not any friends I know, but the people like the Kardashians? Gag, how they post their almost naked bodies, And to me, that's kind of disgusting, really."
Do you really need to connect with people you don't know?
Once the story about Stoehr went viral, she received 1,830 friend requests in about 24 hours. Unimpressed, Stoehr is ignoring them.
You're never too old to learn something new.
According to the Gerontology Research Group, Stoehr, at 114, is the world's 12th-oldest person. At Older Adults Technology Services, a New York nonprofit group, seniors are learning about Skype and Twitter and are even using Facebook to start businesses.
Remember that your non-digital bonds came first.
Billings, the retirement-home computer teacher, says: "One of the most difficult things for [seniors] to understand when they first sign up is why they aren't friends with their grandchildren. They say, 'How can she not be my friend? She is my granddaughter!' "
And call your grandma.
Facebook grandma Lillie Heffley, 83, lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana. She has no profile picture, but she does have 10 children and stepchildren who have given her 18 grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren. Some of those great-grandchildren she has seen only in the photos she finds when she checks Facebook twice a day: newborns in the hospital, taking their first steps, going on vacations.
Heffley is old enough to have grown up without a phone. She has a flip phone now, but she knows her family is "all busy with work or school, so we just don't get together," she says. "They don't seem to have time to call. So I enjoy the Facebook connection.
"But when they do call, they ask me how I am doing, and I ask them how they are doing and what they are doing. And that . . . is really quite nice."

World Bank estimates 5.6% growth for current fiscalWorld Bank estimates 5.6% growth for current fiscal
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 27:  
The World Bank has said that India is expected to grow at 5.6 per cent in current fiscal i.e. 2014-15. The growth is expected to accelerate further to 6.4 per cent in 2015-16 and 7 per cent in 2016-17.
"India's long run growth potential remains high due to favourable demographics, relatively high savings and policies and efforts to improve skills and education, facilitate domestic market integration and incentivise manufacturing activities," the Bank said in a report titled 'India Development Update'.
External shocks
However, it said that external shocks such as financial market disturbance, slower global growth, higher oil prices and geo political tensions could have adverse impact on baseline trajectory.
At the same time, there are some domestic risks such as challenges to energy supply and fiscal pressures from weak revenue collection in the short-term and the 7th pay commission's recommendation on public sector remuneration in the medium term.
On the other hand, further progress on reform agenda, particularly the implementation of Goods and Services Tax, which could transform India into a common market and dramatically boost its competitiveness, may help offset both domestic and external risks to outlook.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

MF investments in bank stocks fall over 18% in SeptMF investments in bank stocks fall to Rs 55,398 cr in September
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 12:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Mutual fund (MF) managers dropped their exposure in bank stocks to Rs 55,398 crore in September, after raising it for seven consecutive months.
According to the latest data available with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), MF investments in bank stocks as on September 30 declined to Rs 55,398 crore, accounting for 18.84 per cent of the total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.94 lakh crore.
In comparison, the MF industry's exposure to banking sector had reached to an all-time of Rs 56,625 crore in August this year.
However, MFs had been raising their exposure to banking shares since January.
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, last month with an exposure of Rs 31,834 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 21,908 crore), auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in banking stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market and the current decline is mainly due to profit booking.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in banking stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 30,339 crore in January to Rs 56,625 crore in August.
In percentage term, exposure has risen from 16.6 per cent to 20.10 per cent during the period.

Honda to Recall 2 338 Brio  Amaze  CR-V Units in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Honda to Recall 2,338 Cars in India to Replace Driver Side Air Bag Inflator
Reuters | Updated On: October 27, 2014 21:51 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: The local unit of Honda Motor Co on Monday said it will recall 2,338 cars in India to carry out preventive replacement of the driver side air bag inflator.
The announcement is part of Honda's global recall due to a potential defect related to driver air bag inflators, the company said.
Honda Cars India Ltd said in the statement it would recall 1,040 units of its small car Brio, 1,235 units of the compact sedan Amaze and 63 units of sports utility vehicle Honda CR-V, manufactured between September 2011 and July 2014.
"There has been no reporting of any incident related to this part in India," the company said.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Cameron should stand up to BrusselsCameron is right to stand up to Brussels on the budget
Janan Ganesh
This is not a dispute the prime minister has concocted. It would trouble anyone doing his job
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac7ee174-5dc7-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Exploiting the oil price crash  not quite the right wayExploiting the oil price crash, not quite the right way
CP CHANDRASEKHAR
Tweet
REUTERS Crude facts: The high prices of international oil in the past few years had made alternatives like shale gas cost-competitive
The Government has decided to exploit the recent sharp decline in oil prices to push deregulation. But this may not help growth nor prove wise in the medium term
October 27, 2014:  
Depressed demand induced by the still persisting global recession and enhanced supplies as a result of the shale boom in the US have brought global oil prices down. The spot price (free-on-board or FOB) for Brent crude had fallen from $112 per barrel in September last year to $97 this September (Chart 1).
The downward trend has persisted and the price was reported at $82.6 a barrel in mid-October, its lowest since November 2010.
Importers cheer
In fact, as a result of the recent decline in prices much of the rise in the months following June 2010 has been wiped out.
So long as the current price decline persists, oil importers are likely to benefit. India is among them, with the average price of the Indian crude import basket having fallen from $109.5 per barrel in September 2013 to $97 a barrel in September this year and a low of $87.5 in mid-October (Chart 2).
That can make a big difference to the trade and current account deficits. Oil imports accounted for a third of India’s import bill in 2012-13 and a higher 37 per cent in 2013-14 (Chart 3).
That was more than 85 per cent of the trade deficit in 2012-13 and 120 per cent of the deficit in 2013-14, when gold imports fell dramatically because of government curbs and higher duties.
If the average price of crude imports falls by a quarter or more, the deficit would decline dramatically, even if gold imports rise, as they have after the recent relaxation of import restrictions.
The other effect of the decline in oil prices would be that consumer price inflation that has been ruling high will moderate.
The Fuel and Light category carries weights of 10.4, 8.4 and 9.5 per cent respectively in the rural, urban and rural and urban combined indices.
And since oil is a universal intermediate, oil prices have a cascading effect on the prices of commodities and the general price level.
Thus, an oil price decline is obvious good news for a government harried by inflation. So, it is to be expected that the Government would adjust domestic prices downwards in keeping with the decline in international oil prices.
However, while exploiting these benefits the Government seems to be throwing caution to the winds.
Lazy vigil
To start with, even before the oil price hike, the Government began relaxing its vigil on the gold import front, easing some of the quantitative restrictions on gold imports.
The result has been a sharp spike in imports over the last couple of months.
If the confidence generated by declining oil imports leads to further liberalisation of gold imports, much of the balance of payments benefits of the oil price reduction could be neutralised.
And if the price decline is reversed and oil prices increase to their historic highs, India would again be vulnerable on the BoP front.
On inflation too, the Government may be taking on a risk by adding diesel to the list of commodities whose prices have been deregulated. Under a framework of regulation, changes in the domestic prices of commodities are at the Government’s discretion.
It could have quite easily reduced diesel prices in keeping with international prices by administrative decision.
That would be positive given the importance of diesel in transportation, irrigation with pump sets and other areas that influence the costs of production of commodities entering the consumer price index.
If the price increase reverses itself, the Government could choose to keep prices steady or raise them marginally and find other ways of financing the oil importers and suppliers while holding diesel prices and keeping cost-push inflation at bay.
No constants here
What the Government is ignoring are signs that the oil price decline may be temporary.
The reasons for the recent decline are obvious. US producers are pushing the ‘fracking’ envelope to extract and supply as much shale oil and gas as possible.
Shale optimists predict that the US would become the world’s largest oil producer. On the other hand, in the face of falling prices, the world’s largest oil exporter, Saudi Arabia has refused to cut production in order to shore up oil prices. Rather, argue analysts, it is using its large oil and foreign exchange reserves to retain market share at the expense of low prices.
One consequence of this would of course be a loss of the competitiveness of shale. The shale boom was driven not only by new discoveries and improved technology, but by the high price of international oil that rendered shale cost-competitive.
If the price fall is sustained, US investors would be forced to cut back. According to an International Energy Agency estimate quoted by Bloomberg, “extracting oil from shale costs $50 to $100 a barrel, compared with $25 a barrel for conventional supplies from the Middle East.”
For Saudi Arabia, keeping production constant and allowing prices to fall will not only put paid to America’s ambitions to become the world’s largest oil producer, but would also hurt Iran and Russia, who would find it difficult do without the high revenues that high oil prices imply.
If shale production is held back and major oil producers such as Russia, Iran and Venezuela are hurt, a new deal within OPEC and between OPEC and the US is likely in which Saudi Arabia would be assured of its market share but aggregate production would be kept down to hold prices above the $100 mark.
In fact, given the geopolitical uncertainties in West Asia because of the United States’ failed diplomatic and military strategy, supplies from other nations could be affected adversely triggering a further spike.
The sudden fall in prices should not be taken as evidence that the era of high oil prices has ended.
Out of control
This suggests that the decisions to drop administered pricing and deregulate petrol prices earlier and diesel prices more recently could prove to be mistakes.
By doing so the Government has given up the capacity to manage inflation to the extent that it is being driven by developments in the international oil market resulting from a change in production shares and levels or by the geopolitical manoeuvres.
Being hostage to the policy decisions of external forces is worse than being hostage to price movements in distorted markets.
But driven by its desire to liberalise and reform that seems to be the decision that the NDA government has made.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Time for the Big BangTweet
With State elections over and the economy improving, the Centre must abandon its incremental approach to reform
Good fortune it may be in large measure, but ever since the Modi government took over, India’s macroeconomic indicators have shown dramatic improvement. Buoyed by a not-so-bad monsoon and a politically stable government, GDP growth in the first quarter of 2014-15 has improved to 5.7 per cent after languishing at 4.5-5 per cent for the preceding eight quarters. The World Bank has estimated that it will be up to 6.4 per cent in the next fiscal . An influx of foreign portfolio money has helped shore up foreign exchange reserves and the exchange rate. Falling global oil prices are likely to shrink this year’s current account deficit to a manageable 1.5 per cent of GDP, and put the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent well within reach. Inflationary pressures seem to be abating too, with wholesale price inflation reading at a five-year low.
The conditions are right for the Modi government to deliver on its pre-electoral promise of big-bang reforms. So far, the Centre has adopted a somewhat tentative and incremental approach when it comes to economic policy. The July Budget prioritised fiscal discipline over attempts to step up public spending or stimulate growth. Subsequent announcements on ‘smart’ cities, the ‘Make in India’ initiative and labour reforms have been piecemeal and lacking in crucial operational details. Even the recent decision to decontrol diesel, the only concrete reform move till date, has been carefully timed so as to not ruffle any political feathers. But with the BJP’s recent win in the Haryana Assembly and its emergence as the single largest party in Maharashtra, the time for faintheartedness is over. The window of opportunity provided by a stable exchange rate, a benign global environment and supportive macro factors will not last forever. There is no time to be lost in taking steps to dramatically improve the ease of doing business in India and restart the virtuous cycle of industrial recovery, job creation and economic prosperity.
First and foremost, simplifying the land acquisition law, pushing through a uniform Goods and Services Tax and sorting out issues in the availability and pricing of fuel and power are imperative for the ‘Make in India’ campaign to draw an adequate response. Second, the Centre needs to embark on comprehensive judicial reforms to clear the thicket of the 2000-odd Central statutes that are a drag on investment. The drafting of a realistic bankruptcy law that allows lenders and investors to move on quickly from unviable enterprises, is badly needed as well. Third, opening up new non-bank funding sources for infrastructure and resolving contractual issues in public-private partnerships, is essential to rebuild the creaky transportation and urban infrastructure. Finally, the Centre should start the process of transitioning subsidies to direct benefit transfers, stop interfering in public sector banks and monoliths such as Coal India and push through the long pending Insurance Laws Amendment Bill. Diwali is long over; but we’re waiting for the Big Bang.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Negotiating the G20 Brisbane summitNegotiating the G20 Brisbane summit
Abhirup Bhunia/Geethanjali Nataraj
Tweet
Flag the issue: It will take patience and political acumen to arrive at an acceptable arrangement Sufi/shutterstock.com
It’s Modi’s chance to redeem India’s image without backing off on its insistence on food security
The leaders’ summit which is the most high profile event in the G20 year, is set for November 14-15 in Brisbane, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi representing India. The Australian presidency of the G20 has witnessed a focus on the fundamentals: trade, tax issues, infrastructure, employment and banking.
On trade, India is likely to find itself cornered after it turned its back on a trade facilitation agreement that had been finalised during last year’s ‘Bali Ministerial’ on concerns over food subsidies.
This November, G20 members representing around 75 per cent of global trade, will be discussing measures to not only boost global trade but also weigh upon its contribution to economic growth.
Trade is regarded as a key instrument of job creation, and although world trade is expected to grow at 4.7 per cent this year, significantly higher than 2.1 per cent growth witnessed a year earlier, trade growth still remains below the pre-2008 levels of an average of 6 per cent per annum from 1980 to 2007.
But if the G20’s trade agenda is going to be seen as successful, negotiators are going to have to put their best foot forward. Measures to boost trade could range from traditional tariff reductions, addressing non-tariff barriers, logistical improvements, modernising custom procedures, beefing up trade-related infrastructure and so on.
India’s demand
To be sure, all these are essentially in India’s interests, but the official stand demands linking food security with trade facilitation. It is entirely possible that India’s demand for settling the food subsidy issue is met in the days to come, although it is hard to predict the outcomes of a multilateral summit.
However, so far there are no reports that India has garnered support from any part of the global South on its TFA stand.
The OECD estimates that actions to reduce global trade costs by 1 per cent could result in a worldwide income increase of $40 billion, with 65 per cent of the benefits accruing to developing countries.
At the G20 summit, the Indian side will be faced with not just this reality, but will essentially have to deal with 19 other member states who pretty much wanted the TFA passed and could not because of India. As a premier forum for international economic cooperation the G20 is in essence committed to the future of the multilateral trading system and accordingly, the role of the WTO.
And the G20 has said it in as many words earlier, including according priority to the WTO’s role. However, after India’s veto of the TFA, which was a hard-fought international agreement, the credibility of any G20 commitment has been put to serious doubt.
Image boost
So, aside from all the challenges that it traditionally faces in times of economic slowdown, the G20 also has to salvage its somewhat beaten image through this summit, and actions taken thereafter.
From the Indian perspective too, a multilateral system is going to be much more germane to India’s interests than a fractured world of competing mega-FTAs.
One of the key outcomes of last year’s G20 summit in St Petersburg included extending the G20’s commitment to hold back any new instalments of trade or investment related protectionist measures until the end of 2016. This is also one of the reasons why the Modi government’s veto of the TFA has been perceived as an irresponsible U-turn in some quarters.
Since then the Government has found itself at pains to explain to the world that India’s stand was not so much intended to be market-unfriendly as pro-poor. That India is committed to curbing transaction costs in trade is manifest in its focus on beefing up port and railway infrastructure.
Focus area
And given Narendra Modi’s technology friendliness, it is only a matter of time before the PM himself prioritises modernising custom procedures.
One of the agendas this time around with the G20 is to discuss measures to boost world GDP by 2 per cent in the next five years. However, much of this growth can potentially come from a rise in global trade.
While heightened funding for infrastructure is also one of the areas of focus and is indeed related to trade growth, this is one area where India has already got going at least domestically through budget provisions.
As for trade liberalisation, the TFA is likely to dominate the G20’s trade discussions, and Indian negotiators will have to navigate the tricky questions of food security side by side with the TFA, on which it stands globally marginalised.
Bhunia was with the Institute of Economic Growth. Nataraj is with the Observer Research Foundation
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Modi walks into a vacuumModi walks into a vacuum
A Srinivas
Tweet
It is time for opposition forces to think differently
As of now, it seems there’s no stopping the Narendra Modi juggernaut. But it is also due to a weak opposition. The Congress is in a state of paralysis. The NCP has paid the price for being mired in real estate and irrigation scams; its farmer base in western and southern Maharashtra could not have taken kindly to these developments. In Haryana, the dramatic rise and fall of the Aam Aadmi Party created a political vacuum. It whipped up an anti-Congress wave by campaigning against Robert Vadra’s land deals; the BJP walked into that space.
At present, the Modi government has everything going for it. Yet, there is a space for a cogent opposition. If the BJP has positioned itself as a party in the Republican-Conservative mould, advocating ‘minimum government’ so that private enterprise can function without fetters, it also leaves open a political space for a Labour-Democratic force that pushes for state intervention in the interests of weaker sections. But by sticking to Manmohanomics, the Congress ends up looking like a force without an identity, a B-team of Modi’s advisors. It needs to reinvent itself: enough of this anaemic, awkward mix of reforms and welfare, as a result of which the party ends up looking too pro-poor to work for business, and too pro-rich to work for the poor!
If the reforms plank now belongs to the BJP, so be it. It is time for the Congress, or for that matter, any political force, old or new, to revisit India’s welfarist paradigm. There is a political constituency waiting to be tapped, as the BJP yet again pursues its dream of India Shining — those left behind by environmental and land reforms. In doing so, the alternative should bury Manmohanomics and offer another model. Then, we’ll have a contest.
Deputy Editor
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Jethmalani slams Centres attempt to conceal namesJethmalani slams Centre’s attempt to conceal names
J Venkatesan
In an affidavit, senior advocate says no conditions imposed for non-disclosure of names
New Delhi, October 27:  
Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani on Monday denied in the Supreme Court that the German Government had imposed a condition that the names of black money holders revealed by it to the Government of India should not be made public.
In an affidavit in response to the Centre’s plea for modification of the May 1, 2014 order, Jethmalani said “the present application is an attempt to make the Special Investigation Team dysfunctional and toothless by depriving it of material and information. I deny that the German Government had imposed any obligation of confidentiality. This so-call defence was manufactured by the previous UPA Government and is being repeated by the present one without any sanction from the Cabinet.”
He said the Government had failed to comply with the directions of the apex court of supplying all the relevant document and information given by the German authorities to India.
Jethmalani said HSBC had a branch or a subsidiary in Geneva, Switzerland. Certain employees stole the data with respect to about 50,000 accounts maintained in HSBC, Geneva. The compact discs (CDs) containing the above information were purchased/obtained by the French Government and used in spite of protest by HSBC. The French Government made available this information to the Government of India and it had nothing to do with the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
He said the situation was similar to the one regarding Liechtenstein bank accounts and the NDA Government’s attempt to conceal the names and was not only disingenuous but also an attempt to protect the powerful individuals in business and politics in the same manner as the previous UPA Government.
“If an Indian citizen opens an account in a foreign bank and does not or has not disclosed it and the amount is not negligible there is a presumption that it is tainted and product of some scheduled offence.”
He sought dismissal of the Centre’s application for modification of the May 1order.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Stress tests will not cure the eurozoneOctober 27, 2014 6:33 pm
Stress tests alone will not bring the eurozone back to health
Gavyn Davies
A dysfunctional banking system should no longer be fatal for growth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63f168e2-5dee-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nest Makes  Smart Home  Move by Buying Revolvnest makes  smart home  move by buying revolv
4 Reasons You Might Be a Genius and Never Know Itreddit
I think we can all agree that the human brain is amazing and that we are not using nearly enough of it. Some scientists throw around the stat that we use about 10 percent, but how do they really know?
What are humans really capable of doing? We get little glimpses from special people, whether they are autistic with the kind of brainpower depicted in the movie Rain Man or folks with higher than average IQ like Albert Einstein who are exceptional in one discipline like math or science. What if we could all unlock our true potential? What if we were geniuses from birth and just don't know how to tap the power?
Author and entrepreneur Roger James Hamilton says we all have great potential, but may not realize it or know how to unlock the secrets. In his book "The Millionaire Master Plan" Hamilton outlines four personality types that he calls geniuses. Outlined below is an excerpt from his book breaking down each character with strengths and weaknesses. You can also take the to find out which genius you are here.
Watch the full video episode as Hamilton breaks down his formula for success and how to unlock your own genius.
1. Dynamo genius:
Great at: Creation. They start and move things forward. They see the future more than anyone else. They succeed with their heads in the clouds and short attention spans.
Not so great at: Finishing, timing peripheral issues, paying attention. Teachers probably yelled at them for not paying attention.
Winning formula: Creating value through innovation, creativity, flair, and ability to get things started. They grow.
Losing formula: Consultation and relying on intuition. They are weakest at timing, service and sensing others.
Example geniuses: Richard Branson, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Thomas Edison.
2. Blaze genius:
Great at: Conversation and communication. They are all about relationships, putting people first, and telling stories.
Not so great at: Details. They are weak at analysis and detailed calculation.
Winning formula: Creating leverage through magnification. They ask the question, How can this only be done with me? They build their brand by growing relationships. They magnify.
Losing formula: Calculation. They get stuck when they try and multiply, growing through systems that work without them.
Example geniuses: Jack Welch, Bill Clinton, Oprah Winfrey, Ellen.
3. Tempo genius:
Great at: Staying grounded, dealing with lots of activity, being very hands-on, and requiring testimonials and referrals. Don't expect a creative plan from them. Do expect them to do what needs to be done on time.
Not so great at: Innovation, public speaking, strategic planning, and seeing the big picture.
Winning formula: Creating value through timing. They don't need to create anything if they know when to buy, when to sell, when to act, and when to hold.
Losing formula: Creativity. They are weakest when they try and innovate from a blank sheet, trying to create their way to success instead of using their natural senses.
Example geniuses: Warren Buffet, Gandhi, Neslon Mandela, Mother Teresa
4. Steel genius:
Great at: Calculation: Steels love handbooks, manuals and reading through the small print to understand and clarify all the information. Steels will take their time and get things right. They won't be rushed and will carefully create systems to build their flow.
Not so great at: Small talk and constant communication.
Winning formula: Create leverage through multiplication: Steels as the question, How can this be done without me? Through systems they make things simple and make many multiply.
Losing formula: Communication. Steels often suck the energy out of a Dynamo, and too much contact with Blaze can dull their sharp minds.
Example geniuses: Henry Ford, Ray Kroc, Larry Page, Mark Zuckerberg
Follow Bryan Elliott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bryanelliott
More:

The Lion and The Gazellereddit
Did you watch The Lion King growing up? Trick question: Of course you did.
I liked that movie because it wasn't all fairytales and rainbows. It was some real ish. Dude... Scar was a bad mofo! Definitely a gangbanger of the animal kingdom.
Scar straight up killed his brother, then shamed his nephew into exile and tried to get with his sister in law. OG.
I saw it come on TV a few nights ago, and it got me thinking about how nature is a nasty business sometimes. For instance, watch one of those "greatest predator" shows on Animal Planet. They have all those really cool (slightly gruesome) slow-mo scenes of powerful lions chasing terrified gazelles to their deaths.
Sorry, bro!
I'm almost bored watching it... because it's the same story every single time: Unassuming gazelle is just frolicking on the plains, looking for something to nibble on; hungry, patient lioness is waiting in the bushes. She seems calm, but on the inside, she's raging. She's been hunting all day, and finally she's set her sights on her next meal. She can't afford to blow it. She takes a careful survey to find the slowest, weakest of the gazelles and makes chase -- eventually tackling it in a burst of speed and ferocity.
And you know what happens next...
I'm pretty sure that's an antelope, but you get the idea...
I can hear the Lion King theme music playing "it's the circle of liiiiiiiiife."
And you know what? I don't feel bad for the gazelle. Not one damn bit.
Why?
Because these two creatures are motivated by completely different forces. And their attitudes determine their outcomes.The gazelle is reactionary. It grazes the land, going about it's day with no particular plan. There's an abundance of grass, so it's not particularly desperate for food. There's no motivation to do anything. The gazelle has no "why." But then, the lion comes.
NOW it's time to be alert. NOW it's time to run. NOW it's time to get motivated.
It finally has a "why," if only temporarily. But by then, it's too late. It's too late because unlike the gazelle, the lion is proactive. The lion has spent the entire day looking for food because it's her JOB to bring it home to her family. Unlike the gazelle, if she doesn't do her work, she won't eat. Her kids won't eat. Her partner won't eat. Her family will die. She's both literally and figuratively HUNGRY. Do you think she always "FEELS" like running top speed to chase down another animal and kill it? Probably not. BUT THAT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER because her "why" is bigger than her external circumstances. She needs to eat as bad as she needs to breathe...and that makes her decision to get up in the morning and hunt EXTREMELY easy. It's a binary decision. Yes or no -- and to "no" means certain death.
Now think about how you run your life... You have all these things that you want to do. I get emails from you all the time: "Daniel, I want to start a business..." or... "I want to get in better shape..."or... "I want to be more productive..." But I want to ask you something.... HOW BAD DO YOU REALLY WANT ANY OF THOSE THINGS?
You say you want to make changes, start something new, or improve a certain area of your life -- but you're acting like a gazelle. You're waiting for things to happen to you. You think it'd be "nice" if XYZ would come to pass. But you don't have a bone-deep, unstoppable "WHY." You're not HUNGRY. You're just 'kinda motivated." You're not behaving like a lion because you don't feel like there are any "real" stakes. Sure, you stay at a crappy job....but you're not dead. Or you stay in a bad relationship...but you're not alone. You tell yourself that you're fine...when secretly, the pain is numbing. Every single day.
NEWSFLASH: Good things DON'T come to those who wait.
(Who came up with that BS?) You want success? You can't throw a coin in a f***in' wishing well and start making six-figures. You can't blow out some candles on a birthday cake and meet the person of your dreams. You can't crack the f***ing wishbone on a turkey and start a profitable business. That's for suckers. That's for gazelles. If you want it, go get it. top making excuses for why you can't.
"I'm too tired."
"My kids this..."
"My job that..."
You're no longer safe. This is life or death. So get out there and hunt. When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful. But not a minute before that.
This article was originally published at Rich20Something.
Daniel DiPiazza is a bodybuilder, book nerd and professional waffle maker who writes at Rich20Something.com. Join his free newsletter and get actionable tips to help you start a business you care about and live a happier life.
Follow Daniel DiPiazza on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Rich20something
More:

Oil price fall dents Mexican budget plansOil price fall changes Mexican budget calculations
Jude Webber in Querétaro, Gregory Meyer in New York and Neil Hume in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1006fb0-5df8-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Twitter: little wing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/57aeb03e-5e0d-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chiquita: enjoy the fruit bowl© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/fed7ed9e-5dea-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After Weeks of Watching  Hawaii Lava Nears HomeThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

The Ebola Vaccine  Traffic Congestion  and Global Warmingreddit
With large numbers of people now shivering in fear over Ebola, it has occurred to many that it would be nice if we had a vaccine against the deadly virus. If we had a vaccine, people in the countries where the disease is prevalent and the health care workers who care for the sick could get the vaccine and quickly bring the disease under control. The threat of Ebola would soon be history.
The interesting part of this story is that we could have had a vaccine, if the government had been willing to put up the money. The New York Times reported last week about a vaccine that was developed nearly a decade ago with funding from the Canadian government. According to the article, the vaccine was 100 percent effective in protecting monkeys exposed to Ebola from contracting the disease.
However, it was never tested in humans. The cost of doing such testing would run into the hundreds of millions of dollars. It could be as high $1 billion. To put that in context, this would be roughly $3 per person in the United States, assuming that there was no international sharing of development costs. Over the course of a decade, that would be a bit more than 30 cents per person per year, or 0.003 percent of what the federal government has spent over the last decade.
But the government wasn't willing to spend the money. Undoubtedly politicians would have expressed outrage over spending hundreds of millions of dollars on a vaccine to prevent a disease that primarily affected people living in Africa.
The refusal to fund the development of an Ebola vaccine is not the only case where narrow-mindedness carries a high price. Another great example is the issue of traffic congestion. Many cities now sell access to traffic lanes that promise less congested travel. In some cases, drivers are willing to pay as much as $10 for a trip for a less congested route to their destination. This comes to $20 a day, or $5,000 for a full year of commuting.
Designated lanes for those willing to pay is one way to get a quicker ride to work. Another way is to have fewer cars on the road. And, a good way to have fewer cars on the road is to improve public transportation options. This can be done by having subsidies for bus or train travel. Maybe we could even make it free so that people don't have to fumble with change and slow down buses when they board.
But hey, why should people in cars pay for people who ride buses? It's much better for them to pay thousands of dollars a year to get access to special fast lanes.
While the spread of Ebola and needless traffic congestion are both areas where many have paid a price from their determination not to help others, the greatest cost comes in the context of global warming. The extent of global warming depends on the worldwide level of greenhouse gas emissions. This means that if we want to maximize the impact of spending to prevent global warming, we would spend the money wherever we could get the largest reductions per dollar.
As a practical matter, the cheapest reductions in emissions would be in developing countries like India and China, as well as sub-Saharan Africa. As these countries build up modern infrastructure, they could at a relatively low cost adopt greener technologies. However, even though the additional cost for clean energy in these countries may be relatively small for people in the United States, it would be large for countries in the developing world that still struggle to provide their people with food, medicine, and other essentials.
In this context, the logical path would be for rich countries like the United States to pay for developing countries to adopt clean technologies. (Yes, our economy is still weak, and it would be stronger if we paid for developing countries to use clean technology. But that is an economic lesson for another day.) Unfortunately, this route is not feasible politically because our politicians would scream about helping people in the developing world. They argue that it is much better to spend more to accomplish less so that we can keep our money at home.
There is a real cost of having determined selfishness as a fundamental political principle. Maybe it's too complicated for a typical politician to understand how supporting mass transit can help even people who don't take mass transit. It may require too much concentration for them to realize that paying to get India or China to reduce greenhouse gas emissions helps people in the United States.
But we should all be able to clearly see how much we benefited from not spending the money to keep Africans from getting Ebola. All the people across the country who are now terrified about getting the disease can at least be happy that their politicians in Washington kept them from wasting $3 on a vaccine that would help poor people in Africa.
Follow Dean Baker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DeanBaker13
More:

EM countries lead growth of green energyDeveloping countries begin to take lead in green energy growth
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4832b922-5de8-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore to examine swaps trading changeSingapore to examine swaps trading change
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4158e0ca-5cf0-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Chartered profits fall 16% in third quarterAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Lloyds confirms job cuts in digital driveAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Why HUL Shares May Continue to StruggleYou are here: Home Market
Why HUL Shares May Continue to Struggle
NDTV | Updated On: October 28, 2014 14:26 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
HUL shares traded near the bottom of the 50-share Nifty on Tuesday, a day after witnessing their biggest fall in nearly four years.
India's biggest FMCG firm had reported September quarter earnings yesterday. HUL's results met estimates, but forecast of continued weak demand and consumer spending spooked investors, analysts say. HUL fell more than 2 per cent today, following a 5 per cent drop yesterday.
Gaurang Kakkad, vice president of Religare Capital Markets told NDTV that HUL's volume growth has stuck in a 4-6 per cent range over the last 7-8 quarters. In the September quarter, HUL reported a 5 per cent volume growth.
"Volume growth was in line with estimates, but there was no beat in topline or margins... According to the management, over next 2-3 quarters HUL's volume growth will remain in the 4-6 per cent range, which is a disappointment," he added.
According to Mr Kakkad, HUL's profitability in the coming quarters is unlikely to rise sharply even if input costs continue to decline.
"If input cost continues to decline, competitive intensity in the sector will go up as many players from the unorganized sector will come in... That will result in advertisement and promotion spend going up. So, the entire benefit of low input costs will not come to the stock," he added.
Mr Kakkad also added that HUL is unlikely to grow quickly in rural areas from where it derives 50 per cent of its sales. "The allocations for NRGES and other social schemes have come down in the budget, so rural spending is unlikely to be strong," he added.
Religare has a sell call on HUL with a target of Rs 660. HUL's valuations are at 34 times its FY16 earnings, which makes the stock costly, the brokerage says.
CLSA also maintained its sell call on HUL (target Rs 600) citing high valuations and moderate volume growth.
As of 2.13 p.m., HUL traded 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 713.40 and underperformed the broader FMCG sub-index on the BSE, which traded flat.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 14:22 (IST)

Corporate cash hoarding has to endCorporate cash hoarding has to end to drive recovery
John Plender
Spending must be on fixed investment not just share buybacks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9d1b2ca-5dfe-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India keen to diversify oil exports  buy crude from USOct 28, 2014, 02.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India keen to diversify oil exports, buy crude from US
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East - Iraq and Syria -- as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India keen to diversify oil exports, buy crude from US
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East - Iraq and Syria -- as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Post your opinion here
 
Hit by uncertainly over oil supplies from West Asia, India is keen to diversify its imports and wants to buy crude from the US, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has said.
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East - Iraq and Syria -- as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Also read: Brent falls to $85 amid supply glut, lower price forecasts
Asia's second-biggest energy user, which spends USD 143 billion on import of crude oil in 2013-14, wants the US to extend its policy of allowing gas exports to crude oil as well.
"I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from the US, which currently does not allow oil exports," Pradhan told PTI here.
India wants to reduce its reliance on the Middle East nations for meeting its oil needs and instead wants to tap Latin American countries including Mexico and Russia. "We will look at Russia and Latin America too (for oil imports)," he said.
Violence in Iraq and Syria has posed serious challenges to oil supplies. In 2013-14, Iraq supplied 24.63 million tonnes of oil or about 13.02 per cent of India's total oil purchases of 189.24 million tonnes.
India bought 31.73 million tonnes of oil from South America with Venezuela being the principal supplier at 21.58 million tonnes, followed by Columbia at 6.31 million tonnes.
It now wants to raise these imports. Also, it wants to raise imports from Russia which are at a minuscule 0.08 million tonnes. Purchases from Mexico, which were 4.94 million tonnes in 2013-14, are planned to be raised. "Procurement has to be diversified, taking into account the changing geopolitics in the world," Pradhan said.
RELATED NEWS

Government Appoints Panel to Assess Coal Blocks Compensation: ReportIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: Days after promulgating an Ordinance to e-auction the coal blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court, the government has formed a committee headed by former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to assess compensation to be paid for taking over running or ready-to-produce mines.
The panel, which will also comprise officials of ministries of coal, power, finance and law, will submit its recommendations by November 10, sources with direct knowledge of the development said.
The Supreme Court had on September 24 cancelled allocation of 204 coal blocks to various companies between 1993 and 2009. Of which, 37 are running coal mines and another five are ready to produce by April.
Unlike others, their cancellation is to take effect from April 2015.
The sources said the committee has been asked to value assets of each of these 42 coal blocks for mining infrastructure such as tangible assets used for coal mining operations, fixed installations and land.
"The Committee shall recommend the value of the assets to be paid for acquisition," one of the sources said.
Also, the panel would carry out assessment of the liabilities associated with the operations of the mine. The committee has been authorised to engage experts/consultants for valuation of running coal mines.
Sources said the government wants to clear all roadblocks and meet conditions precedent for the new owner of the mines, which will be decided through an e-auction, to take over operations of the 42 mines from April next year.
The 37 running mines in 2013-14 produced about 38.14 million tonnes of coal while the five others are likely to chip in with another 5.85 million tons.
Keen to avoid any supply disruption, the government on October 21 promulgated an Ordinance to revert half of these 42 mines to the government entities that were original allottees. The remaining 21 will be put on auction in the first phase of bidding that will be open for end users in power, cement and steel sectors.
If the winner of these 21 mines is different than the one already operating, the existing owner will be paid compensation and operations handed over to the winner, they said.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Small business health exchange launches in IllinoisSmall business health exchange launches in Illinois
Affordable Care Act
SHOP exchange opens in Illinois to help government test out kinks
Small business health exchange launches in Illinois and four other states
The Affordable Care Act's online health insurance marketplaces for small businesses launched Monday in Illinois and four other states, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.
8
Small businesses in Illinois — as well as Delaware, Missouri, New Jersey and Ohio — will get a chance to pre-enroll in the Small Business Health Options Program, or SHOP, but won't be able to see or select plans until the Affordable Care Act begins open enrollment Nov. 15.
  Open link
The SHOP exchange allows employers with 50 or fewer full-time employees to compare and buy commercial health insurance plans for workers.
By rolling out the online marketplace early in five states, the federal government hopes to avoid the types of problems it encountered last year when HealthCare.gov crashed and remained largely out of commission for the first two months of open enrollment.
Brokers and health insurance agents will also be able to pre-enroll, helping the government test new online features, such as:
•Establishing an account

Swedens central bank cuts rates to zeroSweden cuts rates to zero in battle against deflation
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3033b236-5e7e-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lloyds and StanChart limit FTSE gainsLloyds and StanChart limit FTSE gains
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3cc648c4-5e83-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lloyds axes 150 branches and 9 000 jobsLloyds axes 200 branches and 9,000 jobs
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31e9bece-5e7c-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ask Matt: Is now the time to buy TwitterGetty
Q: Is now the time to buy Twitter?
A: Twitter (TWTR) investors think the company is on the verge of something great. But the wait continues.
The online provider of short-messaging is one of those stocks many investors assume should be going better. The stock was already down 24% this year — to close Monday at $48.56. And that was before reporting its third-quarter earnings which disappointed some. Twitter stock tumbled about 8% to $44  in afterhours trading Monday after the company reported a profit of a penny a share. That profit matched official expectations, but investors were looking for a profit of 3 cents a share, says earnings tracker Estimize.
Analysts remain bullish on the stock, even if it hasn’t delivered the explosive growth many hoped it would. The average analyst rates the stock an “outperform” with a price target of $55.39. If analysts are right, that would be 14% upside to the price target. But the stock needs to kick growth into high gear before it can justify its price. At Monday’s close, Twitter is trading for 486 times what analysts expect the company to earn this year. Even if the company earns 37 cents a share next year as expected, that’s still a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 131. That’s a nosebleed valuation, showing investors, again, are expecting more.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Nifty Climbs to 1-Month Closing High; Ranbaxy Up After ProfitIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex and Nifty rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a shot in the arm after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Lenders also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year as slumping crude prices are expected to ease inflationary pressures.
Hopes for a loosening of monetary policy were also spurred after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he favoured a cut in interest rates, during an interview with a newspaper last week.
Also helping Tuesday's gains were higher global stocks ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day meet, where it is expected to reinforce that a softly-softly approach would be taken to raising rates.
"Interest rates, inflation, reform cycle... everything is in India's favour but it will come down to the Fed's language on rates for the near-term direction," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer at Future Generali India Life Insurance.
The Sensex rose 0.48 per cent, or 127.92 points, to end at 26,880.82. The broader Nifty gained 0.45 per cent, or 35.90 points, to end at 8,027.60, above the psychologically important 8,000 level.
Both indexes rose for a sixth day in seven and marked their highest close since Sept. 22.
Ranbaxy surged 5.9 per cent and was among the leading gainers on the index after swinging to a net profit in the July-September quarter, helped by the exclusive US launch of a generic version of Novartis AG's blood pressure pill Diovan.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring Ranbaxy, rose 4.2 per cent.
Cipla rose 2.9 per cent, while Aurobindo Pharma finished higher 3 per cent.
Lenders rose amid continued hopes of a rate cut and reforms in the sector. State Bank of India closed up 2.3 pe rcent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended higher 1.8 per cent.
Ruchi Soya Industries rose 1.9 per cent. Government is considering raising import taxes on crude and refined vegetable oils to protect local farmers and the refining industry, two government sources said.
However, Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of its September-quarter results on Thursday. Traders worried the company's same-store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Devendra Fadnavis elected as chief minister of MaharashtraDevendra Fadnavis elected as chief minister of Maharashtra
Devendra Fadnavis to be new Chief Minister of MaharashtraDevendra Fadnavis to be new Chief Minister of Maharashtra
PTI
BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis flashes the victory sign following the party's performance in the recent Assembly elections. -- Shashi Ashiwal
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Devendra Fadnavis was today elected the leader of the BJP Legislature Party in Maharashtra, paving the way for his appointment as the first party Chief Minister of the state.
The name of Fadnavis, state BJP president, was proposed by Leader of Opposition in the outgoing Assembly Eknath Khadse and seconded by his counterpart in the Legislative Council Vinod Tawde, and members of the party’s core group Sudhir Mungantiwar and Pankaja Munde.
The resolution proposing 44-year-old Fadnavis as the leader of the Legislature Party was unanimously approved by the newly elected MLAs in the presence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda, who were appointed central observers for the election.
Fadnavis, accompanied by other members of state BJP Core Committee, will call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao at Raj Bhavan at 6.30 p.m. to formally stake claim to form his government.
The new government will be sworn in at a ceremony at Wankhede Stadium on October 31 in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several of his Cabinet colleagues and Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states.
Though Fadnavis, with his RSS roots and backing of both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah, was a clear frontrunner for the coveted post ever since BJP emerged as the single largest party in the state for the first time, several seniors had thrown their hat into the ring.
However, the BJP national leadership ensured that all came on board to back the fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, who has a clean public image.
Khadse, party’s powerful leader in North Maharashtra, who had demanded that somebody from the region be made CM, Mungantiwar, who had pitched for Union Minister and former BJP president Nitin Gadkari for the post, and Pankaja Munde, daughter of influential OBC leader late Gopinath Munde, all proposed or seconded name of Fadnavis for the top job.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is only the second Brahmin after BJP’s estranged ally Shiv Sena’s Manohar Joshi to become Chief Minister.
Fadnavis, whom Modi had described as “Nagpur’s gift to the country” at an election rally, had headed BJP in the state when it posted most impressive performances in both Lok Sabha and Assembly polls.
Together with Shiv Sena and Swabhimani Shetkari Paksha, the saffron alliance had won 42 of the state’s 48 Lok Sabha seats. BJP had clinched 23 seats, while Sena won 18.
Despite its bitter separation from Sena just ahead of the Assembly election, BJP won 122 seats in the 288-member House, up from 46 in 2009, and emerged as the largest party.
Fadnavis earned the appreciation of both Modi and Shah for the way he handled the election.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Cummins posts higher profit; eyes cost cuts0
The Columbus, Indiana-based maker of diesel engines and fuel and emission controls reported third-quarter net profit of $423 million, or $2.32 a share, up from $355 million, or $1.90 a share, during the comparable quarter last year.
Analysts, on average, expected Cummins to post a profit of $2.28 a share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Sales rose 15 percent to $4.9 billion. Revenue growth was especially strong in North America, where trucking companies, encouraged by the economic rebound, falling fuel prices and rising freight volumes, are updating their fleets and buying more trucks from key Cummins' customers, including Paccar Inc and Navistar International Corp.

Feder: Sun-Times owner sees national network as key to survivalSun-Times owner sees national network as key to survival
posted on
Chicago Sun-Times
Will a new national strategy help save Chicago’s money-losing No. 2 local newspaper?
The struggling parent company of the Sun-Times is banking its future on the creation of a network of websites and mobile apps delivering content from multiple sources to 70 cities across the country.
Wrapports LLC announced a plan Tuesday to launch Sun Times Network  as a separate brand, conceived by Michael Ferro Jr., chairman of Wrapports. “Michael Ferro will become chairman of the board of the Sun Times Network and spearhead this aggressive digital push,” Wrapports CEO Timothy P. Knight said in a statement. “He deserves great credit for that leadership and for this innovation which begins an exciting new chapter for the Sun-Times brand.”
Set for this Friday, the launch will coincide with plans disclosed here last week for the company to sell all of its suburban publications — including six dailies and 32 Pioneer Press weeklies — to Tribune Publishing, parent company of the Chicago Tribune. That will leave the much smaller Wrapports with only the daily Sun-Times and the free weekly Reader.
Richard Roeper
In addition to material aggregated and curated from local sources in each market, the network will provide “national exposure to the paper’s award-winning entertainment, sports and political coverage,” according to a company statement. Insiders said that would include content of national interest from such Sun-Times writers as movie columnist Richard Roeper, TV critic Lori Rackl, celebrity columnist Bill Zwecker, Washington bureau chief Lynn Sweet and sports columnists Rick Telander and Rick Morrissey.
Under the new Sun Times Network banner, the beta version of chicago.suntimes.com includes content aggregated from such sources as chicagotribune.com, RedEye Chicago and Chicago magazine (all of which are owned by Tribune Publishing), Crain’s Chicago Business, the Daily Herald, ESPN Chicago and Fox-owned WFLD-Channel 32.
The beta version of newyork.suntimes.com draws from the New York Daily News, Bloomberg News, Newsday, Gotham Gazette, Fox New York and the websites of various sports teams, among other sources.
Each page bears a variation of the same slogan: “The Earth Revolves Around Chicago,” “The Earth Revolves Around New York,” “The Earth Revolves Around Birmingham,” etc.
Wrapports said the new company was being funded in part by a $14 million investment from Irish businessman Denis O’Brien, founder of the wireless phone company Digicel. CEO of Sun Times Network will be Tim Landon, co-founder of  CareerBuilder.com  and  Cars.com.
PREVIOUS POST

Lloyds: mechanisation is never mechanistic© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd99823c-5e97-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.32 on Oil Firms  Month-End Dollar DemandRupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
Mumbai: The rupee ended slightly weaker on Tuesday, recovering from a nearly two-week low hit earlier, as oil importers stepped up dollar purchases ahead of the end of the month, while overall sentiment was cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve's policy meeting.
The rupee is still headed for a monthly gain in October, having been supported by continued foreign flows into the debt and stock markets and the announcement of several government reforms, including in the prices for diesel.
Analysts say global factors are likely to be the most important factor for the rupee in the near term.
The Fed is likely to announce an end to its massive bond-buying stimulus, while simultaneously assuring it will wait a long while before raising interest rates at the end of its two-day policy meeting ending Wednesday.
"On INR, even though the domestic economy is doing well, we continue to perceive significant risk going forward and INR may touch 64.00 sometime between now and March 2015," said Samir Lodha, managing director at QuantArt Market Solutions.
"The exact timing of the move is difficult to predict but the move will likely be driven by a global risk-off triggered either by a hawkish stance from the Fed or a further slowdown in global growth."
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.32/33 per dollar, weaker from its Monday's close of 61.30/31.
The rupee earlier hit an intraday low of 61.41 to the dollar, its weakest since Oct. 17, due to dollar purchases from some banks tied to demand from oil importers, traders said.
During the session, some state-owned banks also stepped up defence-related dollar purchases, traders said.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.57, while the three-month contract was at 62.17.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

ECIL pays Rs 9.48 cr dividend for 2013-14Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ECIL pays Rs 9.48 cr dividend for 2013-14
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL) has paid a dividend of Rs 9.48 crore to the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) for the year 2013-14.
The Hyderabad-based, public sector unit under the DAE posted a net profit of Rs 47 crore (Rs 26 crore) on a turnover of Rs 1,456 crore for the fiscal 2013-14. It was a growth of 80 per cent in profits over the previous fiscal.
P Sudhakar, Chairman and Managing Director handed over a cheque R K Sinha, Chairman, Atomic Energy Commission and Secretary, DAE.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

US Home Price Gains Slow for 4th Straight MonthThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Dr Reddys launches Sirolimus tablets in USHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dr Reddy’s launches Sirolimus tablets in US
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 28:  
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories today launched Sirolimus Tablets 1 mg and 2 mg, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of RAPAMUNE (Sirolimus) tablets in the US market on Monday , following the approval by the United States Food & Drug Administration (USFDA).
The Rapamune tablets brand had U.S. sales of approximately $206 million for the most recent twelve months ending in August 2014 according to IMS Health.
Dr Reddy’s Sirolimus tablets in 1 mg and 2 mg are available in bottle counts of 100.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

LN Mittals frontline man Sudhir Maheshwari quitsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
LN Mittal’s frontline man Sudhir Maheshwari quits
Richa Mishra
BL Sudhir Maheshwari
New Delhi, October 28:  
Sudhir Maheshwari, seen as a close confidante of steel baron Lakshmi N Mittal, has quit ArcelorMittal. Till now a frontline person in the Group, Maheshwari will leave on March 31, 2015.
Soft-spoken but firm, Maheshwari was viewed as the perfect link between the two generations at the top. Being 13 years younger to LN Mittal and 13 years older to Aditya Mittal, he was seen by many within the Group as one who helped maintain ‘business continuity’.
In an internal communication to Group employees, Mittal, Chairman and CEO, ArcelorMittal, said “I am writing to inform you that Sudhir Maheshwari, member of the Group Management Board and an incredibly loyal and much valued colleague for the past 26 years, has decided to leave us to pursue other opportunities.”
In 2008, Maheshwari became a member of the Group Management Board, with responsibility for corporate finance, mergers, acquisition and divestments, risk management and the Group's operations in India and China.
As CEO of China he oversaw the construction and recent inauguration of VAMA joint venture, a plant focussed on high-quality steel for the automotive market. Recounting the role Maheshwari played in the Group, Mittal said, “He has also played a key leading role in various financing and tax structuring activities of the company through his career with us. He has handled and led many challenging projects at the company with a clear mandate and utmost focus.”
“Between 2000 and 2006 particularly we completed many acquisitions: Romania, Czech Republic, South Africa, Poland, ISG, Ukraine, Liberia, and, of course the merger to create ArcelorMittal,” Mittal said, adding that “No matter how tough or challenging the situation, he always rose to the challenge, maintained extraordinary energy and commitment and saw things through to a successful completion.”
Maheshwari has also played a key role in Mittal’s foray into energy sector. Director on the Board of HPCL-Mittal Energy Ltd, a joint venture between Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) and Mittal Energy Investment Pte Ltd, Singapore, a Mittal company, Maheshwari, was seen as a ‘perfect professional’.
HMEL operates the Guru Gobind Singh Refinery of 9 million tonne per annum at Bathinda in Punjab. Those who have closely worked with Maheshwari said “if he was critical of you, he was also appreciative of your good work.”
“I first met Sudhir in Calcutta in 1988. He was a young graduate, full of energy and looking for an exciting opportunity to leave India for a couple of years and see the world. We were just starting our journey to Trinidad and so I offered him the opportunity to join us there,” Mittal said in his letter.
Mittal goes on to say from 1994 to 2000, the journey continued and Maheshwari worked in Hamburg, Dusseldorf and Luxembourg, before moving to London where he reported to Aditya. 
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Nestle Q3 net up 9.22% at Rs 311 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Nestle Q3 net up 9.22% at Rs 311 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
FMCG major Nestle India today posted a 9.22 per cent increase in consolidated net profit of Rs 311.29 crore for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, as subdued demand continued to impact the sector.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 285 crore during the same period last year, Nestle said in a BSE filing.
Nestle follows January-December financial year.
Net sales of the company rose to Rs 2,557.8 crore for the third quarter, up 8.92 per cent compared to Rs 2,348.31 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Commenting on the results, Nestle India Managing Director Etienne Benet said: “Despite input cost pressure, focus on various efficiency and cost containment programs have enabled us to deliver healthy margins. We continue to rationalise the product portfolio to eliminate low margins stock keeping units (SKUs) which are not in line with our vision of nutrition, health and wellness or growth strategy.”
Nestle said that though sales dynamics are better, the company remains cautious as “it is yet to feel the buoyancy from the external environment”.
Overall expenses during the quarter under review stood at Rs 2,107.48 crore, up 8.84 per cent compared with Rs 1,936.25 crore in the third of previous calendar year.
Nestle said cost of material consumed has increased mainly due to higher cost of milk and its derivatives in India, which is even higher than those in international markets.
For the nine month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 858.31 crore as against net profit of Rs 835.47 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Net sales of the company for the nine month period ended September 30, rose to Rs 7,290.17 crore as compared to Rs 6,809.60 crore in same period in the previous fiscal.
The board of the company has declared a second interim dividend of Rs 30 per share for 2014, the company said.
Shares of Nestle India closed at Rs 5,969.80 apiece, down 2.20 per cent on BSE.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Ranbaxy Laboratories posts Q2 net profit of Rs 477.75 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kutch begins evacuation as cyclone Nilofar loomslargeNilofar is expected to make landfall near Naliya on October 31. (Source: AP)
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:50 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:55 pm
In wake of the approaching cyclonic storm, Nilofar , the district administration in Kutch (Gujarat) has decided to evacuate 30,000 people living near the shore-line, official sources said.
“We have planned to evacuate 30,000 people living in “kaccha” houses in 123 villages of seven talukas. These villages are those located 0-15 kilometers from the shoreline,” said MS Patel, district collector of Kutch .
The district administration has also asked for additional forces. “Three of the four NDRF teams have already arrived to assist the district administration. The fourth will arrive tomorrow. We have also asked all officials to move into interior areas and assist the local residents in preparing for the storm,” Patel said.
The administration has also requested for two companies of State Reserve Police. Nilofar is expected to make landfall near Naliya on October 31.

Trilokpuri: A desert in the midst of Delhi s many oasesComments
Having lived a stone's throw from Trilokpuri for over a decade, I have passed through its dingy byways on dozens of occasions. And stones were thrown, shops burnt and vehicles damaged in those very alleys of this east Delhi colony when communal tensions flared last week. While the police now say the clashes were sparked and stoked by a series of accidental occurrences and canards, some residents refuse to believe this, saying these are counter-rumours to soothe frayed nerves.
Policemen patrol a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
"There are no coincidences and accidents. The area has been simmering for years. Ab dekhna ye hai ki aag ko hawa kisne di (We need to find out who fanned the flames)," said a local retailer who did not wish to be named.
To many, Trilokpuri is like a desert in the middle of the oases that are the three divisions of the upmarket Mayur Vihar locality. The privileged neighbours were initially oblivious of the occurrences in the colony of daily-wage workers. But the situation became all too real when the maids didn't show up and the vegetable carts disappeared from the streets. Fewer autorickshaws on the roads during peak hours drove home the point.
"The grocery shops in the area were closed. I have been buying my monthly supplies from there for years now; it's cheaper. I had to drive six kilometres to a wholesale convenience store," a fellow Mayur Vihar resident lamented his inconvenience.
Read: Many rumours that sparked Trilokpuri riots
The Rashomon effect is palpable in Trilokpuri these days. The truth has many versions and faith is at a premium. "We didn't start the fire," say members of both communities as they wait for a semblance of normalcy to return. History is against them, though. This resettlement colony that was created by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi for slum dwellers displaced in the Emergency era turned into a killing field after her assassination in 1984. No lives were lost this time, although dozens of inhabitants have marks on their bodies and stories on their lips.
"It's all politics," says an auto driver from the area after haggling over the fare. "We voted for the AAP in the last assembly polls hoping for change. But nothing ever changes here; not for the better, anyway."
Read: Drunks triggered riots in Trilokpuri, say police
East Delhi has come a long way since its "Jamunapaar" days about three decades ago. Roads have become wider, buildings bigger and pockets deeper. Some of the finest schools, hospitals and malls in the city now lie this side of the Yamuna. But, while boasting about the development narrative of east Delhi, most residents vaunt the opulent 'Vihars' - Mayur Vihar, Preet Vihar, Vivek Vihar - and leave out the inelegant 'Purs' and 'Puris' - Kalyanpuri, Trilokpuri, Seelampur. "Mind the gap," says the Metro as it tunnels its way to newer territories.
Trilokpuri, situated a few kilometres away from the headquarters of most national media organisations, has put the focus back on the many divides that define Delhi and India like no Muzaffarnagar ever could. We like to flaunt our syncretism to the world. But the danger is, instead of becoming a society without classes, we may turn into a society without class.

SC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formationSC raps Centre over delay in Delhi govt formation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 09:32 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 19:35 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre and Delhi lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday over delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
The apex court's reprimand came on the day when the Centre informed it that the President had given consent to invite the single-largest party (in this case BJP) to form the government.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
The court was hearing a petition by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has sought the dissolution of Delhi assembly and an order for immediate fresh polls.
Delhi is in its eighth month of President's rule after the previous AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal resigned in February this year following a stalemate in the assembly over a controversial anti-graft bill.
President's rule cannot go on forever in a democracy, the court pointed out. 
The court also asked the Centre, "Suppose lieutenant governor is going to invite the largest party. Are they in a position to form the government?"
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, while the Congress has eight.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Kejriwal took a cue from the court's observations, launching a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He accused the BJP of trying to delay the matter of government formation, and exuded confidence that his party would emerge victorious whenever fresh elections were held.
How will BJP form govt? They don't have nos. Why don't they just call elections? (1/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP playing dirty tricks wid the people of Delhi. Tried 4 times earlier to "buy" MLAs n form govt. Failed. Now 5th time?(2/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
BJP running away from elections becoz they r dead scared of losing in delhi(3/3)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 28, 2014
The AAP has time and again asserted that the BJP did not have enough numbers, adding the saffron party will have to engage in horse-trading to form a government on its own.
"If it has a bit of shame left, the BJP should immediately dissolve the assembly and pave the way for fresh elections," Kejriwal said, pointing out that people are tired of price rise.
"The BJP will lose (in elections) and the AAP will unexpectedly."
The Congress, too, slammed Jung for the delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi, accusing him of giving enough time to BJP to poach MLAs from other parties.
"In order to please his masters at the Centre -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team -- he (Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties," Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge for Delhi, told PTI.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay reiterated on Tuesday his party's stand, saying the BJP did not get any formal offer yet and will explore possibilities if they receive any such proposal. 
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
On the other hand, the BJP, which won all seven Lok Sabha seats in Delhi in the 2014 elections, seems upbeat following the party's pan-India success story — the most recent chapters of which were scripted in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
(with agency inputs)

Alibaba busts past $100 a share barrierAlibaba makes run at $100-a-share barrier
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 10:06 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba (BABA) not only shook off its IPO malaise, but Tuesday became the latest stock to blow past $100 a share — before closing just below it.
Following news the company that operates giant shopping sites in China might be working with Apple (AAPL), shares blasted $1.89, or 1.9%, to $99.68. Shares had been as high as $100.67 during the say. The move caps what’s been an impressive rise in the stock since its Sept. 18 initial public offering. Shares were initially priced at $68 a share.
The stock’s rise is tied to comments made by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma during a conference Monday sponsored by the Wall Street Journal in California. Ma said he’d be receptive to working with Apple on a mobile payments system. Alibaba owns Alipay, which is a payment service that has its own mobile payments system.
But even investors who piled into the deal on the first day of trading are now in the black. Alibaba shares closed at $92.70 on their first day of trading. That means even the latecomers are now up 8.1% on their investment.
Alibaba’s massive rise in stock price is creating an absolute behemoth. The company commands a market value of more than $241 billion, which is nearly twice  U.S.-based online retailer Amazon.com and well ahead of online auctioneer eBay at $63.6 billion.
Seems like any company that gets near Apple these days gets a glow with investors. Shares of Apple themselves are on fire this year as there doesn’t appear to be any barrier to slow down the device maker’s growth. Shares of Apple Tuesday rose $1.01, or nearly 1%, to $106.09 making it another stock that has surpassed the $100 (again),  as well.

Check out this puppy wearing a police vestBy Mark Berman October 28 Follow @markberman
This is Tuco. Tuco is a German Shepherd puppy who may become part of a Boston Police Department K-9 unit. But that is Future Tuco’s problem and Future Tuco has to worry about all the training that must come first. For now, Tuco is a tiny puppy wearing a tiny vest:
Cute Puppy Hopes to One Day Patrol the Streets of Boston as a Full-Fledged BPD K-9 http://t.co/94oiTWXFL0 pic.twitter.com/CH84qgvLQe
— Boston Police Dept. (@bostonpolice) October 27, 2014
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Erik Prince: Combative  secretive and expanding in AfricaBy Dan Lamothe October 28 Follow @danlamothe
Erik Prince, the founder and then-CEO of Blackwater Worldwide, appeared at a House oversight and government reform committee hearing in 2007. (Linda Davidson/ The Washington Post)
Seven years ago, Blackwater Worldwide founder Erik Prince was on Capitol Hill, defending the company he founded as it faced allegations that his employees had shot up a square in Baghdad a few weeks prior on Sept. 16, 2007, killing 14 civilians and wounding 17 others.
Prince insisted that day that all of his employees had acted appropriately, and that a series of baseless allegations of wrongdoing” had been made against his business, which he’d built from the ground up in the 1990s. He bristled at the notion that his firm was a band of hired mercenaries, saying he and his employees “are Americans, working for Americans, protecting Americans.”
Five Blackwater guards — all military veterans — have been convicted in the September 2007 shooting, including four last week in a high-profile case in Washington. But while Prince continues to question whether politics tainted the case , he says he has never interacted with the former employees who were involved.
“I’ve never met the guys,” he said in an interview with Checkpoint. “I may have met them in a large event, but I don’t specifically remember ever shaking hands with them.”
“Civilian Warriors: The Inside Story of Blackwater and the Unsung Heroes of the War on Terror,” by Erik Prince, was just released in paperback form. (Cover image by Penguin Publishing)
Prince agreed to do interviews as his bestselling book, “Civilian Warriors: The Inside Story of Blackwater and the Unsung Heroes of the War on Terror,” came out on paperback this week. The release date was planned for some time, but it comes just days after the convictions of the former Blackwater guards put the company back in the headlines.
“Heck of a good timing, huh?” Prince noted wryly.
Nicholas A. Slatten, 30, of Sparta, Tenn., faces a mandatory minimum life sentence for murder. Paul A. Slough, 35, of Keller, Tex., Evan S. Liberty, 32, of Rochester, N.H., and Heard, 33, of Knoxville, Tenn., each face a mandatory minimum sentence for manslaughter and other crimes. A fifth guard, Jeremy Ridgeway, pleaded guilty to manslaughter previously, and testified in the trials that concluded last week.
Prince’s career is still humming, though. A former Navy SEAL and son of a manufacturing tycoon, he sold Blackwater in 2010, reportedly for about $200 million . It had been rebranded by then as Xe Services, and was later renamed Academi. Prince has steered clear since the sale, visiting its Moyock, N.C., compound only once in January 2014 for a visit to a gun range while on a hunting trip on property he had kept, he said.
“I’ve never met the management team there, I don’t talk to anyone there,” he said. “Nada.”
Instead, Prince became the chairman of another security firm, Frontier Services Group. It focuses heavily on providing logistics and aviation support to companies in Africa, he said. The firm was incorporated in Bermuda and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with numerous Chinese investors.
In the last year, Frontier has sunk money into two aviation firms with headquarters in Kenya, Kijipwa Aviation Limited and Phoenix, according to the company’s last earnings report . The deal for Phoenix, announced in July , cost $14 million and puts Frontier in charge of a company that flies regularly out of not only Kenya, but Angola, Ethiopia, Tanzania, Uganda and Puntland, a semi-autonomous region of Somalia.
Why Phoenix? The company has a fleet of Cessna aircraft and “holds important customer approvals from the United Nations, the British government and the U.S. government,” according to Frontier’s earnings statement. Buying the company will allow Frontier to “immediately and substantially expand the size and reach” of Frontier’s operations and compete for the business of construction, mineral and hydrocarbon firms, it said.
Frontier bought a 49 percent stake in Kijipwa. The Kenya Gazette, an official newspaper for the government in Mombasa, reported that its aviation license renewal was rejected this month, raising questions whether Phoenix will face similar problems.
Prince is hesitant to discuss the expansion, although he noted that medical evacuation is one role for Frontier.
“It’s a public company,” he said. “We have plenty of disclosures you can read on our website.”
Prince also deflected questions about his current residences. He spends about one-third of his time in the United States, he said, adding that it’s “not as much as he should be” considering he still has children in school. He owns homes in Virginia and Abu Dhabi, according to his book, but asked about them he dodged the question with sarcasm.
“C’mon now, I’m not going to make it easy for the terrorists to get me,” he said. “I’m still on the al-Qaeda hit list.”
Prince made news in September by criticizing the Obama administration’s strategy to take on the Islamic State militant group in Iraq and Syria in comments published by the Daily Beast. He followed up by penning a blog post along the same lines on Frontier’s website. The remarks picked up by the Daily Beast came at a conservative Maverick Political Action Group dinner in Washington, and were not supposed to be publicized, he said.
“That was the political event I did as a favor to a couple of guys from West Michigan, and it was supposed to be off the record,” he said, alluding to the section of the country in which he grew up. “You know those reporters. They don’t follow the rules so well.”
Prince said he wrote his book to set the record straight on Blackwater’s legacy — “to diffuse the notion that we have horns growing out of our heads.” He also wants it to warn others about the politics of Washington. Blackwater lost 41 men in combat and had three of its 73 aircraft shot down, but is still villified, he said.
“I wrote all these things as a cautionary tale to say that the political winds can shift quickly in Washington, and the hot air in Washington can quickly blow towards your business,” he said.
Prince said he knows a lot of bright people in the private sector who could offer advice to policy makers on how to handle the militants in Iraq, but he doubts he’ll be the one getting involved.
“Look, right now I’m the chairman of a Hong Kong publicly traded company, OK?” he said. “I would think that the U.S. government would not be hiring that to help sort out [the Islamic State] in Iraq.”
This post was updated with additional reporting.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

SunEdison signs MoU with Rajasthan for 5 000 MW solar plantsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SunEdison signs MoU with Rajasthan for 5,000 MW solar plants
M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, October 28:  
US-headquartered solar power major, SunEdison, on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the government of Rajasthan in which the company has said it would put up 5,000 MW of solar power plants in the state.
This comes at a time when the Rajasthan government is coming up with a new solar policy that would enable the state to facilitate creation of 25,000 MW of capacity in five years. The main elements of the proposed policy is allowing land owners to lease their land to solar developers for up to 30 years, extendable by 10 more years, reduction in net worth requirements of the solar company and in the security deposit.
SunEdison, the largest foreign investor in the Indian solar space, has half of the 100 MW of solar plants it owns in India, in Rajasthan. In a press release, the company said today that it intends to put up “multiple solar mega power projects”, each of 500 MW. The company will sell its power to entities “inside and outside” Rajasthan, including to government-owned companies such as the Solar Energy Corporation of India, NTPC Vidyut Vyaparan Nigam and Power Trading Corporation (tariffs have not been disclosed.)
SunEdison, which also produces polysilicon, used for making solar cells, recently announced a breakthrough in the technology for the manufacturing of the key raw material - a process that shaves energy consumption in the manufacture by 90 per cent. Consequently, this gives SunEdison an ability to make cells cheap and be profitable at lower tariffs.
The US company has just begun production of polysilicon using the ‘high pressure fluidized bed reactor’ technology in a plant that it is putting up in Korea jointly with Samsung Fine Chemicals. SunEdison’s Asia-Pacific Head, Pashupathy Gopalan, said recently that the company would look at investing in polysilicon manufacture in India if the policy support was right.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

ING Vysya Bank CEO resigns  Uday Sareen to succeedING Vysya Bank CEO resigns, Uday Sareen to succeed
Our Bureau
Shailendra Bhandari
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Private sector lender ING Vysya Bank’s Board has announced Deputy CEO Uday Sareen as a successor to current Managing Director and CEO Shailendra Bhandari, who resigned on Tuesday after an over 5-year stint with the bank.
“The Board of ING Vysya Bank today announced that Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Shailendra Bhandari has expressed his desire to leave the company to pursue new challenges. The Board, in their meeting held on October 28, 2014, accepted his letter of resignation,” the bank said in a statement.
Bhandari will continue in office till January 31, 2015. “
He took charge as MD and CEO of the bank effective August 6, 2009. He has also served as MD and CEO of Centurion Bank of Punjab and also worked with HDFC Bank for 5 years.
The Board, in pursuance of its succession plan has identified Mr. Uday Sareen, currently Deputy CEO and Wholesale Bank Head, as a successor,” the bank added.
“The Board, subject to RBI approval, has identified Uday Sareen to succeed Shailendra, for his experience in banking, strategic planning and vision for deploying technology to change the paradigm of banking in the future. We look forward to his rich experience and vision, to lead ING Vysya Bank, in its journey to be a strong, vibrant, technology driven bank that stands for innovation and making banking easier for customers,” the Board said.
Bhandari said his decision had evolved over time, “I just felt that I needed to do something different with the skills and talents I’ve developed. So after over 5 years as Managing Director and Chief Executive, I believe this is the right time to pass on the baton. I am very proud of the achievements of ING Vysya Bank and our people. I am particularly proud that I could participate to the expansion of the bank across the country.”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Infy to provide banking software to Philippi...You are here: Home > Collections > Loan
Infosys to provide banking software solution to Philippines' bank
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 07.59PM IST
Tags:
Bank of Makati
(Infosys today said it…)
NEW DELHI: IT services major Infosys today said it is providing banking software solutions to Philippines-based Bank of Makati, which recently transitioned into a savings bank.
Bank of Makati (BMI) has implemented Infosys' Finacle core banking solution to transform customer experience and drive growth, at reduced costs, the firm said in a statement.
This deployment will enable BMI to better promote its business and housing loan products nationwide and also aggressively expand its customer base and loan volumes, it added.
It will also help BMI to procure business from the large pool of motorcycle loan borrowers by issuing special ATM cards, thereby converting them into retail banking customers.
BMI was the Philippines' largest rural bank before it became a savings bank. It is also a leading provider of motorcycle loans in the country.
The transformation from the old legacy system to the Infosys Finacle Core Banking Solution began in September last year, and the solution was taken live on June 1, 2014.
The new solution has improved automation and operational efficiency in daily transactions and reduced clearing processing time from four hours to less than 45 minutes.
Daily processes, such as record-keeping, end-of-day processing of transactions, clearing, settlement and reconciliation, which consumed several hours previously, are now handled locally at each branch in less than 15 minutes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC rejects plea of death row convict Surinde...Nithari case
("We reject the review petition.…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today dismissed the plea of Nithari rapist-cum-serial killer Surinder Koli seeking review of the verdict upholding his conviction and death sentence in one of the murder cases.
"We reject the review petition. No grounds have been made to persuade us to reconsider earlier decision," a bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu said.
Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani , who appeared "pro bono" (done without compensation for the public good) for Koli, sought reconsideration of the verdict saying it was a case of "miscarriage of justice" as the confessional statement of the accused was "false" and cannot be relied upon.
"One innocent life is more important than anything else. I am shocked that such a thing can happen in the judiciary," he said.
Referring to the confessional statement of Koli, the lawyer said the accused was told by the police not only to "memorize" the names of the victims but also the manner of commission of the crime.
"The accused also says that he was tortured. This vitiates the confessional statement. This fact has not been considered either by the trial court or by the High Court or by the Supreme Court," he said.
Jethmalani also alleged the prosecution suppressed the crucial information about the autopsy report of a surgeon that had said that bodies were cut by surgical instruments and with "surgical precision".
The surgeon, who performed the autopsy, was not examined during the trial, he said adding that it could be a case of "organ trade" and handiwork of a doctor and an innocent person is being sent to the gallows.
"Why torsos of the victims have been missing," he asked. "You (Jethmalani) are introducing new facts for the first time in the case," the bench said, adding that so far as the issue of confessional statement is concerned, it must have been considered by the courts below and the Supreme Court.
On September 8, the bench had stayed the execution of death sentence of Koli for killing children in a house in Nithari village in Noida near here in 2006, for a period of one week.
Later, on September 12, the stay on the execution of Koli was extended till today.
During the hearing, Jethmalani said that an interview for a period of five minutes only with a legal aid lawyer was allowed to Koli before recording of his confession.
"It is mockery of the legal provision," he said. The court, however, rejected the contentions and said that it cannot reconsider the verdict in the case.
The plea on behalf of 42-year-old Koli was moved by a team of lawyers led by senior advocate Indira Jaising and was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the stay order was passed at 1:40 AM, hours before his execution.
Koli was to be hanged on the early morning of September 8, in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The lawyers had sought review of the apex court's July 24, 2014 order dismissing the plea to stay the execution of death sentence awarded to Koli.
While seeking stay of execution of the capital punishment, the plea had referred to the September 2 verdict of the apex court in which it had held that the review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

America s Middle Class Feeling Worse Off  Pessimisticamerica s middle class feeling worse off  pessimistic
Coal India prevail over MTNLCoal India prevail over MTNL
Blackmoney: SC orders govt to reveal all names by tomorrowBlackmoney: SC orders govt to reveal all names by tomorrow
Shanthi Gears Q2 net profit down 66.2 pc to Rs 2.27 crShanthi Gears Q2 net profit down 66.2 pc to Rs 2.27 cr
First Solar  lowest bidder in Andhra solar tenderHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
First Solar, lowest bidder in Andhra solar tender
M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 28:  
US company First Solar has emerged as the lowest bidder in the 500 MW solar tender of Andhra Pradesh, quoting Rs 5.25 a kWhr for 40 MW and Rs 5.35 a kWhr for another 40 MW.
First Solar is mainly a module manufacturer – it is the world’s largest Cadmium Telluride based thin-film modules producer. The company also owns solar power plants all over the world, but mostly in the US. It is also among the leading module suppliers to solar project developers in India, catering from its plant in Malaysia.
In India, First Solar recently announced the setting up of a 45 MW solar plant in Andhra Pradesh. And now, it has emerged the lowest bidder in the state government tender.
The second highest bidder in the auctions was Acme Power, a company financially backed by Electricite de France. Acme quoted Rs 5.63 a unit. Acme is the largest solar power plant owner in India, with a capacity of 422 MW.
Andhra Pradesh has emerged as the most happening place for solar in India, with the government announcing 1,000 MW of projects, as part of its ‘15,000 MW by 2019’ ambition. Part of the 1,000 MW will be put up by the public sector power major, NTPC Ltd.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Infy to provide software solutions to Philippines  bankInfosys to provide software solutions to Philippines' bank
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 21:33 IST
IT services firm Infosys on Tuesday said it is providing banking software solutions to Philippines-based Bank of Makati, which recently transitioned into a savings bank.
Bank of Makati (BMI) has implemented Infosys' Finacle core banking solution to transform customer experience and drive growth, at reduced costs, the firm said in a statement.
This deployment will enable BMI to better promote its business and housing loan products nationwide and also aggressively expand its customer base and loan volumes, it added.
It will also help BMI to procure business from the large pool of motorcycle loan borrowers by issuing special ATM cards, thereby converting them into retail banking customers.
BMI was the Philippines' largest rural bank before it became a savings bank. It is also a leading provider of motorcycle loans in the country.
The transformation from the old legacy system to the Infosys Finacle Core Banking Solution began in September last year, and the solution was taken live on June 1, 2014.
The new solution has improved automation and operational efficiency in daily transactions and reduced clearing processing time from four hours to less than 45 minutes.
Daily processes, such as record-keeping, end-of-day processing of transactions, clearing, settlement and reconciliation, which consumed several hours previously, are now handled locally at each branch in less than 15 minutes.

Vedanta optimistic of getting bauxite mines ...Anil Agarwal
(Optimistic of getting raw…)
BHUBANESWAR: Optimistic of getting raw material linkage in Odisha for its refinery at Lanjigarh in three-four months, Chairman of London-headquartered Vedanta Resources Anil Agarwal today said it was painful to see only 25 per cent capacity utilisation of its plants in the state.
"The Chief Minister assured us that we will be able to operate a bauxite mine within three to four months to feed our refinery," Agarwal told reporters after meeting Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik here.
"Odisha has the third largest bauxite deposit in the world. People are asking for mines before setting up plants, but you have already set up plants. Therefore, the state government is committed to provide bauxite to Vedanta," he quoted the chief minister as having said.
Agarwal said: "The Chief Minister has assured me personally that the state government has taken up the matter with the Centre and we will get a bauxite mine within three to four months."
Agarwal also met Chief secretary G C Pati and Development Commissioner A P Padhi separately and discussed the problems faced by Vedanta. The company pointed out in the meeting that Vedanta has already invested Rs 60,000 crore in setting up a refinery at Lanjigarh in Kalahandi district, a smelter and a power plant in Jharsuguda district, he said.
"However, Vedanta's refinery and smelter are running with only 25 per cent of capacities," Agarwal said, adding their plants are now national assets and should be utilised to full capacity in order to generate maxium revenue as well as provide employment to the people in the state.
Agarwal, however, said that there had been slowdown in mines and metal sectors in the country and Vedanta was certainly hit by the phenomenon. "We should see that the national assets are utilised fully for the betterment of the country," he said adding that Vedanta was ready with all preparedness to manufacture 20 lakh metric tonnes of aluminium per annum in the state.
The company has already set up a 3600 MW capacity power plant which would meet the power requirement of the smelter. "We have been assured by the state government that all the required clearance to run the power plant would be available within 15 to 20 days," Agarwal said.
Asked whether the company feel satisfied over the development, Agarwal said, "Dil to dukhta hai ki Rs 60,000 crore invest karke betha hai. But, kya kare, slowdown is across the world. (It pains to sit waiting even after investing Rs 60,000 crore. However, slowdown is across the globe)."
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://bit.ly/1nsvn3mSolar Eclipse Will Transform Sun into 'Ring of Fire' Next Week
By Geoff Gaherty , Starry Night Education   |   April 23, 2014 04:58pm ET
The Moon’s orbit about the Earth is not perfectly circular, so that at different times the Moon can be slightly closer or further away than usual. This composite shot shows the progress of an annular eclipse in May 2013.
View full size image
Editor's update (April 28): The first solar eclipse of 2014 will be webcast live for observers who can't witness it firsthand in Australia. To follow the webcasts, visit:  Solar Eclipse Webcasts by Slooh, Virtual Telescope Project
The sun will look like a ring of fire above some remote parts of the world next Tuesday (April 29) during a solar eclipse, but most people around the world won't get a chance to see it.
Whereas lunar eclipses occur only when there's a full moon, and solar eclipses only happen during a new moon. Half the world saw a lunar eclipse during the full moon on April 15. When a lunar eclipse occurs, it usually means there is also a solar eclipse at the preceding or following new moon.
This NASA chart shows the shadow path of the "ring of fire" annular solar eclipse of April 28-29, 2014. The chart, prepared by NASA eclipse expert Fred Espenak, also lists times for the maximum eclipse, as well as start and stop times.
Credit: NASA Goddard Space Flight Center/Fred Espenak
View full size image
Tuesday's solar eclipse is known as an "annular" — rather than "total" — lunar eclipse. That’s because Tuesday's eclipse will occur when the moon is close to its farthest distance from the Earth, making it too small to cover the sun completely. The resulting effect looks like a ring of fire, called an "annulus," appears around the silhouette of the moon. [ 'Ring of Fire' Annular Solar Eclipse of April 29, 2014 (Visibility Maps) ]
But most people won't see the whole eclipse. The only place in the world where this annular eclipse will be visible is a small area in Antarctica. However, partial phases of the eclipse will be visible in other places. Most of those areas are in the ocean — rarely traveled ocean, in fact — but the entire continent of Australia will get a good view.
The annular solar eclipse of April 29, 2014 will only be total in a small area in Antarctica, but will be widely seen as a partial eclipse. The partial phases all be visible from most of Australia, and far across the southern Indian Ocean. It is seen here from Hobart, Tasmania.
View full size image
The best view of the eclipse will be from the island state of Tasmania. From Hobart, the capital of Tasmania, the eclipse will begin with the moon taking a tiny nick out of the sun's edge at 3:51 p.m. local time (0551 GMT). Maximum eclipse will be at 5 p.m. (0700 GMT), and the sun will set at 5:17 p.m. (0717 GMT).
The farther north you go in Australia, the less the moon will cover the sun. In Sydney, the eclipse will begin at 4:14 p.m. and will be at maximum — 52 percent covered — at 5:15 p.m. The sun will set in eclipse two minutes later.
How Solar Eclipses Work: When the moon covers up the sun, skywatchers delight in the opportunity to see a rare spectacle. See how solar eclipses occur in this Space.com infographic .
Credit: Karl Tate, SPACE.com Contributor
View full size image
Skywatchers in the western parts of Australia will be able to see the end of the solar eclipse . In Perth, the eclipse begins at 1:17 p.m. (0517 GMT), is at maximum (59 percent) at 2:42 p.m. (0642 GMT), and ends at 3:59 p.m. (0759 GMT).
WARNING: Never look directly at the sun during an eclipse with a telescope or your unaided eye; severe eye damage can result. (Scientists use special filters to safely view the sun.)
Partial solar eclipses have the greatest potential for eye damage because at no time is the sun completely covered by the moon. The sun itself is no more dangerous during an eclipse. The danger comes from people's desire to look at it, to overcome the natural reflex that forces us to look away from the sun.
The safest way to view a solar eclipse is to project its image. The easiest way to do so is with a pinhole camera. The longer the projection distance from the pinhole to the viewing screen, the larger the sun will appear. Natural pinholes are often formed by gaps between tree leaves, covering the ground beneath with miniature eclipses. A small mirror on a window ledge can project a fine image on the ceiling or far wall, suitable for viewing by a whole room full of people.
You should never attempt to look directly at the sun without a proper solar filter, available from telescope stores, planetariums and science centers. This is especially true if you're viewing it through binoculars or a telescope. There is no way to create your own safe filter from ordinary materials, so don't risk it.
Editor's Note: If you live in the populated visibility path and snap an amazing picture of the April 29 solar eclipse, you can send photos, comments, and your name and location to managing editor Tariq Malik at spacephotos@space.com .
This article was provided to Space.com by  Simulation Curriculum , the leader in space science curriculum solutions and the makers of Starry Night  and SkySafari . Follow Starry Night on Twitter @StarryNightEdu . Follow us @Spacedotcom , Facebook  and Google+ . Original article on Space.com .
EDITOR'S RECOMMENDATIONS

http://twitter.com/World...http://twitter.com/world...
Tata-Airbus submit joint bid to make IAF transport planesOct 28, 2014, 08.57 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tata-Airbus submit joint bid to make IAF transport planes
If the combine wins the bid, European aviation giant Airbus would supply the first 16 planes while the remaining 40 would be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems (TAS) in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata-Airbus submit joint bid to make IAF transport planes
If the combine wins the bid, European aviation giant Airbus would supply the first 16 planes while the remaining 40 would be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems (TAS) in India.
Post your opinion here
 
Tata and Airbus have submitted a joint bid to replace Indian Air Force (IAF)'s ageing fleet of 56 Avro aircraft with Airbus' C295 transport planes.
If the combine wins the bid, European aviation giant Airbus would supply the first 16 planes while the remaining 40 would be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems (TAS) in India.
The deal will include undertaking structural assembly, final aircraft assembly, systems integration and testing and management of the indigenous supply chain. The tie up follows a detailed industrial  ssessment and stringent evaluation of the Indian private aerospace sector by Airbus Defence and Space (ADS) which concluded with the selection of TAS as the Indian Production Agency (IPA)  exclusive partner for this prestigious programme, according to a statement released by Airbus.
The Avro aircraft were first inducted by IAF in the 1960s. ADS Executive Vice President (Military Aircraft), Domingo Urena Raso, said, "We firmly believe that, in the C295, we have clearly the best aircraft to replace the IAF Avro fleet and, in TAS, we have secured the cream of the Indian private aerospace sector as our partner for this project".
Terming the C295 a "superbly reliable and tough aircraft with outstanding economics which is proven in the most difficult operating conditions all over the world", he said it has already been favoured by 19 countries, many of which have placed repeat orders.
"And just this year it has dominated the market with orders for no fewer than 20 aircraft from five countries," he said. S Ramadorai, the TAS Chairman, said they were extremely pleased to announce the  partnership with ADS for the Avro replacement programme.
"It is a landmark for the development of aircraft manufacturing capability in India now that TAS is poised to take this step towards building entire aircraft in India. "The selection of TAS by Airbus demonstrates the
confidence that has been built in our ability to undertake this complex programme," he said.
((((

IDBI Bank raises USD 350 million from overseas bond saleOct 28, 2014, 08.56 PM IST  | Source: PTI
IDBI Bank raises USD 350 million from overseas bond sale
Last Friday, Tata Motors had raised USD 750 million in a benchmark dual tranche bond sale, taking the overall fund raising through overseas bond sales close to USD 17 billion so far this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IDBI Bank raises USD 350 million from overseas bond sale
Last Friday, Tata Motors had raised USD 750 million in a benchmark dual tranche bond sale, taking the overall fund raising through overseas bond sales close to USD 17 billion so far this year.
Post your opinion here
 
After lying low for a while, forex fund rasing by domestic corporates has picked up again with state-run lender  IDBI Bank raising USD 350 million in an overseas bond sale.
Last Friday,  Tata Motors had raised USD 750 million in a benchmark dual tranche bond sale, taking the overall fund raising through overseas bond sales close to USD 17 billion so far this year.
According to a note by international rating agency Fitch, the city-based lender raised USD 350 million in overseas senior unsecured notes through its Dubai branch. Fitch has assigned the senior unsecured notes issue due April 2020 a final rating of BBB-.
IDBI Bank could not be contacted for an official comment.
IDBI Bank stock price
On December 05, 2014, IDBI Bank closed at Rs 72.80, down Rs 0.25, or 0.34 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 116.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 52.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 13.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 147.38 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.49.
RELATED NEWS

Google huge mistake in China: O Learygoogle huge mistake in china: o leary
India slides  US gains in gender equality rankingIndia slides  US gains in gender equality ranking
NRI investors claim $103m from ICICI Venture move Mauritius SCNRI investors claim $103m from ICICI Venture move Mauritius SC
Fadnavis to take oath Oct 31Fadnavis to take oath Oct 31
Surya Prakash is new Prasar Bharati chiefSurya Prakash is new Prasar Bharati chief
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 298:  
Senior journalist A Surya Prakash has been appointed as the Chairman of the Prasar Bharati board for three years. His appointment has come on the recommendation of the three-member committee headed by the Vice-President of India, Chairman of Press Council of India and Secretary, Information and Broadcasting, according to a statement by the Information and Broadcasting Ministry. Prior to this, Prakash has held key positions in several print and electronic media organisations. He is currently Consulting Editor of the Pioneer and a Fellow at a New-Delhi-based think-tank, Vivekananda International Foundation.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Security scare for David Cameron as UK man runs intohimDavid Cameron's personal security is provided by officers from the Metropolitan Police's Specialist Protection Command.
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:03 pm
The British police unit responsible for Prime Minister David Cameron’s security said they would conduct a review after a man ran up to the leader on a street and appeared to collide with him Monday.
Video of the scene, broadcast repeatedly on British television, showed the man rushing at Cameron as he left a news conference and walked toward his car in the northern English city of Leeds on Monday. Security staff then bundled the man to the ground, as Cameron got in the car unharmed.
Police detained the 28-year-old man briefly, but quickly released him after establishing that no threats were made. West Yorkshire Police said that there was “nothing sinister” about the incident, and the man was just “in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
Cameron’s personal security is provided by officers from the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Protection Command, which said they would review the incident.

Rs 1 800-cr awareness campaign under Clean India Mission to be launchedsoonPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 8:08 pm
The Centre will soon launch an intensive information, education and communication (IEC) campaign at an estimated cost of Rs 1,800 crore to generate awareness about the need for cleanliness and to bring about much-needed behavioural changes for achieving the goal of
‘Swachh Bharat’, Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu said on Tuesday.
“Cleanliness is not a one-day affair; on the contrary, it should be a life-long mission. Behavioural changes are critical for the success of the Swachh Bharat Mission,” Naidu said.
Swachh Bharat Mission was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Oct. 2 this year on the occasion of Mahatma Gandhi’s birth anniversary.
The Urban Development minister noted that a clean environment contributes substantially to the GDP through increased productivity of human resources.
Quoting a World Health Organisation study, he further said that the common man is forced to spend an additional Rs 6,500 per year to fight diseases caused by poor sanitation.
“Swachh Bharat Mission is about much more than building toilets. It is more about changing the mindsets and acknowledging the right of others to a clean and healthy environment,” Naidu said on Tuesday after inaugurating two blocks of public toilets at two JJ clusters on Kali Bari Marg.

IAF issued advisory 4 months back  says no ban on Xiaomi or other ChinesephonesPrint
Says they were more concerned about inferences being drawn from location data
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 2:48 pm
The recent privacy scare regarding Xiaomi smartphones was just hype after all as the Indian Air Force (IAF) on Tuesday clarified to IndianExpress.com that the said advisory against using phones from this Chinese brand was about “four to five months old”. That would mean the alert was from before the Xiaomi started selling its phones in India.
The Sunday Standard (part of The New Indian Express Group) had on October 19 reported that IAF had issued an alert with ‘medium’ severity rating against the use of Xiaomi smartphones on account of ‘spying’. IndianExpress.com had reported that the IAF alert might have been based on an old report by software security firm F-Secure , which has since been corrected.
Here is all you need to know:
Xiaomi claims data migration from China not related to IAF alert
“The advisory itself is about four months old. The strange thing is that it has now been pulled out by the media. No new notification has been issued by IAF recently regarding the use of Xiaomi smartphones. The advisory should not be misunderstood as a ban. There are no restrictions in IAF regarding the use of smartphones from any brand as it is totally for personal usage,” said an officer in the Western Command to IndianExpress.com , who did want his name to be quoted.
Citing the reason for the advisory he said: “IAF doesn’t keep track of the smartphone market and neither does it recommend any particular brand or handset to its personnel. The advisory did not mention anything on banning the use of Chinese smartphones at all. It was more like a cautionary note as the handset was tracking user’s location and was sending the information to servers based in Beijing . This entire conclusion was based on reports from other sources. The advisory is nothing serious.” He said similar advisories had been issued before regarding the use of personal computers as well.
So, do IAF personnel carry sensitive information on their smartphone?
“Not really. Cellphones give away user’s location. It is a bit sensitive but we are not at all worried about the operational information being compromised. However, certain inferences could be drawn if any smartphone tracks our personnel’s locations and IAF is not keen on letting others draw such inferences,” said the official.
IAF has its own network based cellphones now, so, the dependence on commercially made mobile phones is slowly reducing. “Even in this IAF network, sensitive information is never communicated,” added the official.
Here is all you need to know:

Adobe  Nielsen to create comprehensive measurement platform for digital contentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SC refuses to interfere with decision to decontrol drug pricesSC refuses to interfere with decision to decontrol drug prices
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 27:  
The Supreme Court today refused to interfere with the Centre’s decision to decontrol prices of 108 cardiac and diabetes drugs saying the issue can be raised before the competent authority through representation.
“You approach Centre seeking modification in the order. If the Centre does not do anything, then you can come back,” a Bench comprising Chief Justice HL Dattu and justices MB Lokur and AK Sikri said.
The PIL had alleged that hike in prices of life saving drugs is against public interest and would lead to windfall gain to the pharmaceuticals companies at the cost of endangering lives of million of Indians.
Advocate ML Sharma, who filed the petition, submitted that allowing pharmaceutical companies to raise price as per their choice to secure windfall gain involves serious corruption and also a life threat to the general public.
“There are around 4.1 crore diabetes, 5.7 crore coronary heart disease, 22 lakh TB, 11 lakh cancer, 25 lakh HIV/AIDS and 6 crore blood pressure patients in India facing life threat and another life threat due to impugned circular for decontrolling order and price rise in medicines,” the petition said.
Drug pricing regulator NPPA had withdrawn guidelines for price control issued under Para 19 of the Drug Prices Control Order (DPCO), 2013.
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) had invoked Para 19 of the Drug Prices Control Order (DPCO) to cap prices of 108 cardiac and diabetes drugs on July 10.
The drug regulator, in an earlier notification, had invoked Paragraph 19 of DPCO, 2013 to bring 108 anti—diabetic and cardiovascular formulation packs under the price control.
Under the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) 2013, Government already controls the prices of 348 drugs listed in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM).
By invoking para 19 of DPCO, NPPA had extended price control to drugs outside of NLEM.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

HMT shares surge 20% to touch upper circuit limitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nerves: Kathleen Wright  Piece & Co.Nerves: Kathleen Wright, Piece & Co.
Nerves: Kathleen Wright, Piece & Co.
Kathleen Wright, founder and CEO of Piece & Co., on calming your nerves for a pitch.
Kathleen Wright, founder and CEO of Piece & Co., on calming your nerves for a pitch.

Dabur falls 3% after Burman named in black money related caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Russia and Europes bloody bordersUkraine, Russia and Europe’s bloody borders
Gideon Rachman
If nations were again allowed to claim bits of their neighbours, it could convulse the continent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c168540-5dc3-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New York Life s PE funds invest Rs 50cr in Adlabs ahead of IPOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Real falls sharply on Brazil election resultReal falls sharply on Brazil election result
Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fcb3de52-5dda-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ongoing selection process for public sector bank CMDs  EDs scrappedOngoing selection process for public sector bank CMDs, EDs scrapped
Our Bureau
FinMin panel to recommend names
New Delhi, October 27:  
Public sector banks such as Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce may have to wait longer to get a Chairman, as the selection process will have to stat afresh. Based on suggestions given by a committee, the Government has cancelled the current selection process.
A statement issued by the Finance Ministry on Monday said the Government had cancelled the current selection process for appointment of Chairmen and Managing Directors (CMD) and Executive Directors in public sector banks.
“Eight posts of CMDs and 14 posts of EDs would require to be filled-up ‘de novo’,” a statement issued by the Ministry said. Apart from these banks, the post of CMD is vacant in Indian Overseas Bank, Syndicate Bank and United Bank of India.
The Government has decided that a fresh process for selection would have to be implemented for filling up the existing vacancies.
The Reserve Bank of India Governor or his nominee in the rank of Deputy Governor will be part of the new selection process. “The Government would fill up all these vacancies expeditiously. The Government has also decided to finalise a new process for selection of CMDs/EDs for all future vacancies,” it said.
Earlier, the Government constituted a committee to examine the current selection process for 2014-15.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

India likely to inch up in the doing business indexIndia likely to inch up in the ‘doing business’ index
Our Bureau
World Bank projects country’s growth in the current fiscal at 5.6%
New Delhi, October 27:  
India has a chance to marginally improve its ranking in the ‘doing business’ standings, the World Bank has indicated, while advising the country to outperform its peers significantly to rise up the chart.
At present, India ranks 134 and lags even its neighbours, Sri Lanka (85), Nepal (105) and Bangladesh (130) in the ‘Doing Business Index’, which is topped by Singapore. The World Bank Group releases its ‘Doing Business’ report annually, and the next in the series is scheduled to be released on October 29.
Better growth expected
Earlier, the Bank said that India was expected to grow at 5.6 per cent in the current fiscal year (2014-15). This is expected to accelerate further to 6.4 per cent in 2015-16 and then 7 per cent in 2016-17.
“To realise its full potential, India needs to continue making progress on its domestic reforms agenda and encourage investments. The Government's efforts at improving the performance of the manufacturing sector will lead to more jobs for young Indian women and men,” said Onno Ruhl, Country Director (India), World Bank.
Asked about the Bank’s perception on the changing business environment in India after the NDA Government was formed in May, Ruhl said it was important for it (the Government) to have a realisation about outperforming its peers. “If you want to create more jobs and get more investment, you will have to outperform your peers. I am delighted that the thinking is in that direction, and once you have the mindset, it’s not actually rocket science. You just have to ask business people what annoys them most and solve that problem,” he said. India aims to be among the top 50 in terms of ‘doing business’ in the next two years.
The Bank’s update said growth had rebounded significantly due to a strong industrial recovery. Capital flows are back, signalling growing investor confidence, as inflation has moderated from double digits, the exchange rate has stabilised, and financial sector stress has plateaued.
It also said that longer term growth potential remains high due to favourable demographics, relatively high savings, recent policies and efforts to improve skills and education, and domestic market integration.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Column: Taming the 3FsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Letter to the editor: Shades of greyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Climate WagerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Energising powerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Is the defence workingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Laptops havent lost their lustre yetE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

European banks: life after the AQR© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/da60f928-5deb-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CVS and Rite Aid Stop Taking Apple Paycvs and rite aid stop taking apple pay
Short View: Will Japan take actionSubdued outlook for Japan shortens odds on BoJ action
By Ben McLannahan
The implications seem obvious: weak yen, strong bonds – and no more rash promises
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4d13760-5dad-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Archbishop warns of racism upsurgeArchbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby warns of racism ‘upsurge’
Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f535d342-5df8-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Not a  Cronut : Dunkin  Plans  Croissant Donutnot a  cronut : dunkin  plans  croissant donut
NSA visits site  Mamata assures assistanceNSA Ajit Doval (third from left) with senior officials at the Khagragarh house, where the blast occurred, in Burdwan on Monday. (Express)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:03 am
Special Secretary (Home, Internal Security) Prakash Mishra, after a one-and-half-hour long meeting with West Bengal government officials, said the Central government is treating the blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district with “utmost importance”.
The meeting between the National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and the accompanying team that included NIA director Sharad Kumar, NSG director Jayanta Narayan Chowdhury and Mishra was held at Nabanna after the team returned to Kolkata from a visit to the blast site. The team also had a brief meeting with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. The NSA visit comes 25 days after the blast.
Doval, accompanied by NSG chief Jayanta Choudhury and senior officials of NIA, also visited Monday the house of Rizaul Sheikh at Badsahi road in Burdwan from where 35 hand grenades were recovered and met Burdwan Superintendent of Police S M Meerza. The team was in Burdwan for about an hour before leaving for Kolkata.
While Doval and other officers did not meet the media, Mishra said: “We are here because the Centre has taken the matter very seriously.” He went on to add that the West Bengal Chief Minister, who had one-on-one meeting with NSA Doval, assured full cooperation in the probe.
“We went to the Khagragarh blast site. The central agencies will help the state agencies and the central government will help improve its intelligence network and infrastructure in the state, Mishra added. “The Centre and the state governments will work together to fight terror,” he said.
Asked why the NSA was in Burdwan, Mishra said, “The National Security Advisor is here because he is a senior retired police officer, capable of giving the investigation a professional touch. The investigation will be taken to a logical conclusion,” he added.
However, Trinamool Congress leaders described the visit as a “politically mandated one and to keep the issue alive for some more time. Having flown over to Kolkata and then to Khagragarh, the high-level team was trying to show that the incident was linked to issues of national security”.
Sources said Mamata was given a stern message that “acute appeasement of migrants” should be stopped and the government should begin a crackdown on such outfits.

Won t comment till I study black money affidavit: Radha TimbloE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP ready to form minority govt.Updated: October 28, 2014 09:20 IST
BJP ready to form minority govt.
Priyanka Kakodkar
The Hindu BJP officials and police personnel inspect Wankhede stadium which has been chosen as the venue for the swearing-in ceremony of the new Maharashtra cabinet, to be held on October 31. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
state politics
The party is banking on NCP abstaining during trust vote
The possibility of a minority government led by the Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra is gaining traction even as a desperate Shiv Sena seeks a deal on “respectable terms.” For the first time, senior State leaders on Monday openly said they would prefer a minority government than support with strings attached.
“We can stake claim with our 122 MLAs and Independents and form a minority government. We are confident of proving our majority on the floor of the House,” said senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which has already offered unconditional outside support to a BJP government, declared it would abstain from a future trust vote. “We want to see a stable government in Maharashtra,” NCP chief Sharad Pawar told The Hindu.
The BJP has 122 MLAs including an ally. It claims to have the backing of 12 Independents and small parties, taking the number to 134, ten short of a simple majority. If the NCP’s 41 MLAs abstain, the size of the Assembly will be reduced to 247, and the BJP will have the majority.
The Shiv Sena, meanwhile, made a desperate bid for an alliance through its newspaper Saamna and backchannel negotiations are still ongoing. Party MP Sanjay Raut asked: “If Nawaz Sharif and Modi could talk, why not the BJP and the Sena?”
Mr. Khadse, however, maintained: “Most of our party workers do not want an alliance with the Shiv Sena. The bitterness of their campaign against us has not faded.”
Meanwhile, the party’s legislators will elect the new Chief Minister on Tuesday in the presence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and senior party leader J.P. Nadda. State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis remains the front runner.

Honda Motor Q2 profit falls 4 pct  misses estimatesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Air Costa Offers Rs 999 Flat Off on All TicketsYou are here: Home Industries
Air Costa Offers Rs 999 Flat Off on All Tickets
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 12:44 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Air Costa is offering its customers a flat discount of Rs 999 on all tickets and routes as part of its winter sale. Tickets can be booked till October 31, 2014 and the offer is valid for travel till March 28, 2015.
The offer is applicable on both economy and economy plus travel.The discounts are however not applicable on infants and groups, Air Costa said.
The airline predominantly operates in South India covering Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Vishakhapatnam, Coimbatore and Tirupati. It also flies to Jaipur in the north and Ahmedabad in the west.
AirAsia India, that also largely operates in Southern India, too is offering discounted rates for travel till March 31, 2015 for bookings made by November 2, 2014
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August.
(With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 13:25 (IST)

South China Sea row: Talks gather pace on sale of Indian patrol vessels to VietnamSouth China Sea row: Talks gather pace on sale of Indian patrol vessels to Vietnam
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 15:06  IST
Oct 28 2014, 15:06  IST
 

In biggest single ecommerce deal  Snapdeal gets Rs 3 762 cr investment from SoftbankE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FII Stake in SKS Microfinance Hits Record High in September QuarterYou are here: Home Corporates
Foreign Investor Stake in SKS Microfinance Hits Record High in September Quarter
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 16:21 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Continuing with their bullish stance on SKS Microfinance, foreign investors have hiked their stake in the company to an all-time high of 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in its share price.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which held a 36.90 per cent stake in SKS at the end of September 30 last year, raised their stake to 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter of 2014-15, as per the latest information available with the stock exchanges.
This marks the fourth quarterly increase in FII holding in SKS Microfinance, India's only listed player in the sector.
FIIs have been raising their exposure in the Hyderabad-based firm since June last year. They had a 35.83 per cent stake in the micro finance firm at the end of June 30, 2013. Their holding stood at a record low of 8.33 per cent during the June quarter of 2012. In comparison to this, overseas investors had a 44.61 per cent stake in the microfinance firm in the June quarter this year.
In terms of numbers, the FII count jumped to 91 at the end of September quarter this year from 75 in the preceding three-month period.
There was an over 8 per cent surge in SKS share price between July and September, while the BSE benchmark index Sensex moved up around 4.78 per cent during the period.
On Tuesday, SKS Microfinance shares ended over 1 per cent lower at Rs 316 on the BSE. The stock had touched its 52-week high of Rs 348.35 last month.
However, the stock had taken a major beating since its listing in August 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,000 per share.
There had been a major policy clampdown on micro finance institutions following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by them.
The company had debuted on the bourses after sale of shares in its IPO at a price of Rs 985 apiece.
Analysts believe the company's good performance on the financial front and strong loan portfolio has helped FIIs to rush towards it.
During the quarter, SKS's net profit jumped to Rs 56.8 crore from Rs 16.3 crore in the year-ago period. Besides, the company's revenues rose to 190.11 crore from Rs 129.95 crore in July-September 2013.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 16:01 (IST)

BG suffers uncharacteristic profits fallBG Group reports 29 per cent fall in underlying earnings
Mark Odell and Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e152b3a4-5e7f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Falling oil price hits BP profitsBP insists it can hit $30bn cash goal in spite of falling profit
Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a918f42c-5e79-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Learning to love the not-so-quiet American© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7017c9ec-5b76-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gileads hepatitis C drug breaks recordsGilead’s latest hepatitis C drug breaks US sales records
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ac62214-5e1c-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fiat Chrysler Replaces Longtime Quality ChiefThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Supreme Court to Centre: Reveal all names of black money holders by WednesdayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US Stocks Rising as Investors Await Fed MeetingThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

New report details the disastrous municipal court system in St. Louis CountyBy Radley Balko October 28 Follow @radleybalko
Last month , I posted a long investigation of how the 80-plus municipal courts and 90-plus municipalities in St. Louis County, Mo., profit from poverty by extracting money from residents for minor infractions such as moving violations, occupancy permit violations, business permit violations and code violations. It’s a system built on a history of racial discrimination, one that supports far too many towns and the public officials who work for them considering the size of the county, and one that makes the survival of some of those towns contingent on issuing an extraordinary number of citations, arrest warrants and fines.
The system weighs most heavily on the poor, who are less likely to have legal representation. Those without attorneys are more likely to be swept into the cycle of accumulating fines and arrest warrants. And of course, those fines and court costs amount to a much higher proportion of a poor person’s income. Compounding all of this, most municipalities in the county derive most of their revenue from a sales tax. Poorer towns are less likely to generate revenue from a sales tax. That makes them more reliant on the municipal courts for revenue.
Now the nonprofit organization Better Together has put out a report offering a lot more detail on all of this. As the name suggests, Better Together advocates merging the city of St. Louis with St. Louis County, or at least merging many of the services between the two entities. In the past the group has been more about producing data and research than advocating explicit policies, although this report does more of the latter. The group’s data and work also suggest support for the idea of merging or eliminating a good number of St. Louis County’s tiny towns.
The report begins with an overview of the problem:
Missouri’s framework for municipal-court oversight provides administrative power to a presiding judge in each of the forty-five circuit courts of Missouri. While this mechanism for oversight appears sound, in a highly fragmented region such as St. Louis County, it becomes completely untenable due to the sheer number of courts.
To put this in perspective: A judicial circuit in Missouri contains 8.6 municipal court divisions on average. St. Louis County’s circuit contains 81 municipal court divisions. So, the presiding judge of St. Louis County’s circuit courts must oversee nearly ten times the number of courts and judges as an average presiding judge in Missouri. This significant flaw in the oversight structure manifests itself in a number of problems.
One such problem is the prolific collection of court fines and fees in the St. Louis region. In 2013, the municipal courts of St. Louis City and County collected $61,152,087 in fines and fees. During that same time, the combined total of court fines and fees collected by Missouri municipal courts was $132,032,351.63. This means that the municipal courts in the St. Louis region accounted for 46% of all fines and fees collected statewide, despite being home to only 22% of Missourians.
Further analysis revealed that St. Louis City accounts for 5% of Missouri’s population and 7% of municipal fines collected statewide, while unincorporated St. Louis County accounts for roughly 5% of Missouri’s population and 5% of Missouri’s municipal fines and fees revenue. This seems logical. However, while the combined populations of the 90 municipalities in St. Louis County accounts for only 11% of Missouri’s population, those municipalities bring in 34% of all municipal fines and fees statewide ($45,136,416 in 2013).
Municipal courts are used most frequently as a revenue stream in municipalities north of Olive Boulevard and within the boundary of I-270. In fact, 20 of the 21 municipalities that derive at least 20% of their general budget from fines and fees are located in that geographic area.
Now have a look at this map, created by data visualization artist Eric Fischer . (If you aren’t familiar with the city, that’s the Mississippi river in the middle. St. Louis is to the west, East St. Louis and Illinois to the east.) Using census data, Fischer plotted the city’s racial makeup. Each blue dot represents 25 black people. Each red dot represents 25 white people. The east-west boundary between the two colors essentially runs along Olive Boulevard , at least until it ends in the Central West End neighborhood. The boundary then generally follows Delmar Boulevard into the city.
 
 
Here’s more on the disparity:
Financial and demographic data revealed that, on average, these municipalities were bringing in one-third of their general operating revenue from fines and fees. Their populations were on average 62% black, with 22% of their citizens below the poverty line. In comparison, St. Louis County as a whole is 24% black with 11% of its population below the poverty line. When combined with the Attorney General’s finding in the “Executive Summary for 2013 Missouri Vehicle Stops” that black drivers were 66 percent more likely than white drivers to be stopped, it becomes all too clear that fines and fees are paid disproportionately by the African-American community. In other words, these municipalities’ method of financial survival – bringing in revenue via fines and fees – comes primarily at the expense of black citizens.
The report found that on average, the municipal courts in the county brought in about three times what it cost them to operate. The average “profit,” about a half million dollars per town, went to the towns’ operating budgets. Under Missouri law, no municipality can bring in more than 30 percent of its revenue from municipal courts. That rather sensible law would seem to be a nod to the dangers of allowing government’s operating costs to become too reliant on fines and citations. When a government’s operations are contingent on fining citizens, governing becomes less about serving citizens and more about finding ways to fine citizens to fund the government.
But several municipalities are routinely violating the 30 percent law, and some rather egregiously. Better Together found 14 cities where the municipal court was the primary source of revenue in 2013. As the report explains, “Without revenue from fines and fees it is inconceivable that these communities could afford to operate.”
In Calverton Park, for example, about a fourth of the residents live below the poverty line — and 66 percent of the town’s revenue comes from fines issued and collected by its court. In Pine Lawn, which I visited for my original report, nearly a third of residents are below the poverty line, and nearly half the revenue comes from the court. In Normandy, it’s 35 percent below the poverty line and 41 percent revenue from fines, court fees and citations.
It’s also worth noting that because the county lacks reliable public transportation and because these towns can be so small, even a drive to the nearest grocery store could take you through several revenue-hungry towns, much less a daily commute into the city. And as has widely been reported, according to a report from the Missouri Attorney General’s Office, blacks in St. Louis County are pulled over at rates that far exceed their proportion of the population. They’re also more likely to be searched, even though white motorists are more likely to have contraband. If you’re more likely to be stopped, you’re more likely to be fined. In other words, even in towns that don’t have high poverty rates, the people in the municipal courts are still likely to be disproportionately poor and disproportionately black.
The report includes a number of other disturbing details:
Nearly all these towns have become so reliant on fines from petty infractions that they incorporate the projected revenue into their annual budgets. In other words, they expect their municipal courts to generate revenue well above operating costs. When your operating revenue depends on your citizens committing petty infractions, you run into a number of temptations, none of them consistent with good governing. You’ll be tempted to put a higher priority on policing for those infractions than, say, a style of policing that may be better for public safety but unlikely to generate the same sort of revenue. You’ll be tempted to “find” crimes where none existed or to create crimes by passing vaguely worded ordinances that can be broadly interpreted. In short, you have a government with the strongest of incentives (its very existence) to look at its citizens not as constituents to be served, but as potential lawbreakers.
In some towns, it’s even worse: The report found towns that actually projected significant revenue increases from their municipal courts in their annual budgets, meaning these towns planned to fund new projects or cover budget shortfalls by issuing more fines and citations. Dellwood, for example, projected a nearly 200 percent increase in municipal court revenue between 2011 and 2013. This is difficult to explain. Did Dellwood officials have advance knowledge of some sort of impending petty crime wave? Perhaps a town could make such a prediction if it had reason to think its population would double, too. But Dellwood is actually losing population.  The simplest and most plausible explanation is that the town planned to find new ways to fine and cite people. But that a town could simply decide to double its revenue from traffic fines in the coming year, and then double it again the year after, reveals just how arbitrary these laws can be, either in their content, how they’re enforced or both — and how they’re enforced has very little to do with public safety, highway safety or quality of life.
In one striking table looking at the towns of Ferguson and St. John, Better Together illustrates that as the towns got poorer (using assessed property values as a proxy), the revenue generated from their municipal courts grew proportionately.
The state law capping municipal court revenue at 30 percent has no real enforcement mechanism. It requires the towns themselves to report their own violations and to turn the excess over to a fund for the county’s schools. And so although according to their own public financial records eight towns violated the law in 2013 alone, Better Together’s inquiries to the state of Missouri found zero towns in excess of the cap, with no contributions to the schools fund.
So far, a couple of towns and the city of St. Louis have offered amnesty for outstanding warrants. (Other towns have offered similar amnesties in the past.) There has also been some talk about offering more legal representation for defendants in municipal court. But neither of these policies really get at the root of the problem.
The Better Together report offers a number of more substantive ideas. The most controversial of these might be to not only add oversight and an enforcement mechanism to the state law capping municipal court revenue, but also to lower the cap itself from 30 to 10 percent.
Ideally, any town that lacks a sufficient tax base to exist would either dissolve or look to merge with neighboring towns. But that would require the town councils to vote themselves out of a stipend and some power. If a town must perpetually fine its citizens in order to survive, perhaps it shouldn’t survive. Lowering the cap would force these towns either to operate on legitimate revenue sources, such as property and sales taxes and permit fees, or risk insolvency. It could get messy before it gets better. One could see some towns piling up massive amounts of debt before finally calling it quits. But maybe that’s what needs to happen.
The report also recommends turning outstanding fines over to collection agencies rather than issuing arrest warrants. That, too, will probably strike some people as controversial. The primary goals of reform ought to be to reduce the need for all of these fees in the first place; to prompt an audit of these towns’ codes and ordinances to eliminate unnecessary, overly vague and anachronistic laws; and to be sure the laws are being enforced fairly, equitably and primarily to promote public safety, not to generate revenue. Judges and prosecutors should be instructed to work and negotiate with defendants who can’t pay — and not just those who have attorneys. But even in an ideal system, there will be people legitimately fined who refuse to pay or who continue to rack up fines that they can’t pay. Turning those cases over to a collection agency with some appropriate debtor safeguards would certainly be preferable to throwing those people in jail.
One final point: This report is a good reminder that the fallout from Ferguson goes well beyond the death of Michael Brown. The geography of St. Louis County (and I’m sure it isn’t limited to St. Louis) was created by a half century of abhorrent formal and informal policies, including segregation, restrictive covenants, redlining and racially coded zoning. The problems spawned by that system predate Darren Wilson and Michael Brown by decades. Last week’s grand jury leaks seem to offer some support for those who have said Wilson’s shooting was justified. I don’t have enough information about the altercation to have an opinion on what happened or on whether Wilson should be indicted.
But these protests have gone on much longer than a typical protest over a police shooting. And that’s because Brown’s death has become a metaphor for all of this. Perhaps we’ll learn that it’s a flawed metaphor. But that doesn’t make it any less real. Antonio Morgan, one of the residents of St. Louis County I profiled in my report, told me back in August that the protests were more about the daily harassment black people endure in these towns. “For so long, nobody has listened to them,” Morgan said. “That’s what they’re angry about. That’s why they’re lashing out.” Nicole Bolden, another woman I profiled, said something similar: “It’s been a long time coming. Ferguson, Dillard, Florissant. Are no white folks speeding or running red lights in these towns? … Nobody knows what happened that day with Michael Brown and that officer. [But] what happens every day around here is worse. It doesn’t matter if you’re walking or driving. You’re a target. Rioting isn’t right. But they just want people to know what’s happening.”
When stories like this flare up, we tend to put ourselves fully on one side or the other and view everyone else as either with us, on the right side, or as an opponent, on the wrong one. But one can disagree with the protesters’ characterization of the Brown shooting — either from the start, after the most recent leak or at some point in the future — and still understand the anger and resentment at a system that for decades has pitted cops against residents, and local governments against the governed.
Most legal experts I’ve informally polled say an indictment of Wilson seems unlikely, and a conviction even less so. But even if we were to learn tomorrow of some newly discovered video that incontrovertibly showed the shooting to be justified, it wouldn’t change the fact that poverty has essentially been criminalized in St. Louis County.
The protests that followed the Brown shooting also spawned larger discussions about the use of police cameras, and of police militarization and the proper way to respond to protests. This, too, is healthy. And these issues will persist regardless of what we learn in the coming weeks about Darren Wilson and Michael Brown and regardless of what the grand jury decides to do.
Ideally, those who are skeptical of Brown’s innocence will still appreciate the larger issues and injustices his shooting has illuminated and will embrace opportunity to address them. Also ideally, those who are certain of Brown’s innocence will welcome them.
If these things do not happen, it will be a tragically wasted opportunity.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Despite Arun Jaitley s call  analysts see Raghuram Rajan holding rates on Dec 2E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

After SC cracks whip  Arun Jaitley says govt will submit black money holders names on listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money list: SC raps Centre  asks it to reveal all names by tomorrowSupreme Court pulls up Centre over black money, asks it to submit full list of names today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:59 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Wednesday, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
Sternly rejecting the Centre’s argument that revealing the identity of legal account holders would amount to breach of privacy, a special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu said, “Don’t give us your list... but the names given to you by France and Germany. If it breaches confidentiality, let it be.”
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
“Why are you taking the trouble to investigate? We have taken the responsibility to bring back the (black) money and we will decide the future course (of action),” the CJI said when attorney general Mukul Rohatgi argued that a modification was imperative as the court order was acting as a hindrance in signing future tax treaties.
The top law officer, who denied the government was shielding anybody, offered to give the names to the court-appointed special investigating team (SIT) after completion of the probe.
But the court retorted, “It (probe) will never happen during our time. You don’t verify. Just pass (on) the information to us. We will ask the SIT or income tax department or probably the CBI to investigate… Let SIT declare the accounts don’t have a tinge of black money. If the money is hard-earned, nobody will insist it be brought back.”
Read: Govt discloses eight names to SC, no politician in first list
Bowing to the court’s direction, Rohatgi later told HT, “There are over 600 names in the list — we will give the entire list in sealed cover to the court. I’m sure the court will take appropriate steps to maintain their confidentiality.”
“The government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it (the list) to the court, and the government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given it to the court-constituted SIT,” finance minister Arun Jaitley also told the media.
“The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law, we must get to the root of the matter and the truth about these names as also these accounts must come out.”
The court’s direction came a day after the Centre filed an affidavit giving the names of seven individuals and a mining company who have allegedly stashed black money abroad and are facing prosecution for tax evasion under the Income Tax Act.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter. Accusing the BJP of protecting such people, he also tweeted, “If BJP discloses all black money holders’ names, then who will give them money to fight elections in some states and buy MLAs in others?”
The Congress, on its part, said the court order had exposed the Centre’s “lame excuses” on disclosure of names and vindicated its stand that there should not be partial and selective leaks. “During the Lok Sabha election campaign, BJP leaders were declaring from the rooftops that black money stashed abroad would be brought back within 100 days. But when it came to declaring the names, they just released three,” general secretary Ajay Maken said.

Devendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM  asked to prove majority in 15 days of takingoathBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:00 pm
Ending days of suspense, Devendra Fadnavis was on Tuesday elected BJP Legislature Party leader and will be sworn in as first Maharashtra Chief Minister from the party on Friday, propped by NCP from outside.
The 44-year-old fourth term MLA from Nagpur South West seat, with RSS roots and strong backing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP Chief Amit Shah, will be only the second Brahmin Chief Minister of the state after estranged ally Shiv Sena’s Manohar Joshi.
Surmounting competition from several members of the state BJP’s Core Committee, who were vying for the post but were neutralised by the party’s central leadership, Fadnavis was declared elected leader of the Legislature Party by Home Minister Rajnath Singh, observer for the election.
Accompanied by BJP General Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Union Minister Prakash Javadekar, state Core Committee members Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde, besides allies RPI leader Ramdas Athawale and RSP’s Mahadev Jankar, Fadnavis later called on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao to stake claim to form the government.
“We gave the Governor a letter seeking opportunity for BJP to form a government. The Governor has asked us to prove majority in 15 days after the swearing in on October 31,” Fadnavis told reporters after meeting Rao.
BJP General Secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda said the swearing-in ceremony will be held at 4 PM and that talks were still on with estranged former ally Shiv Sena over forming a coalition government.
Fadnavis’ name for the leader of BJP Legislature Party was proposed by Leader of Opposition in the outgoing Assembly Eknath Khadse and seconded by others who were in the race, including Khadse’s counterpart in the Legislative Council Vinod Tawde, former state BJP Chief Sudhir Mungantiwar and Core Committee member Pankaja Munde Palve.
The resolution for his election was adopted unanimously, Rajnath Singh said after the meeting which lasted little over 20 minutes, preceded by a meeting of the state BJP’s Core Committee.
Fadnavis and other leaders then drove down to Raj Bhavan to formally stake claim for form the government.
As decided by the party earlier, the Governor accepted the suggestion to swear in the new government on October 31.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several of his Cabinet colleagues and Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states will attend the historic ceremony at Wankhede Stadium, a well-known venue for cricket matches.
“A small ministry will be sworn in on October 31,” Nadda told reporters.
Shiv Sena, which had yesterday openly voiced its desire to join a coalition government with BJP, on Tuesday said it will wait for the swearing-in of the new Chief Minister before taking a call on supporting the government.
It also trashed as “false” media reports that it had demanded the post of Deputy Chief Minister and key portfolios as pre-condition for support.
“A lot of false news is being spread in the media that we have demanded the post of continued…

Giving Up What We Love Doingreddit
When I arrived as a spotty 18-year-old at my new college, its head was Maurice Bowra, a don famous throughout Oxford for outrageous acts and aggressive wit.  When told an academic rival was sick, his response was "Nothing trivial, I hope?"  It was in this atmosphere I learned to love verbal sparring, the university's currency of talk, where we would blithely argue that black was white just to sharpen our debating skills.
When I joined the real world, however, it took me a while to realize that the argumentative style I had honed at university did not go down well outside it.  My colleagues at the oil refinery in Essex, England, did not appreciate my verbal jousting quite as much as I did.  I learned to reserve it for my close friends, until I discovered that most of them didn't like it either.  I didn't want to give it up, but I had to, to avoid making enemies out of friends.
Then I found out that giving up my love of argument wasn't all that painful after all.  I learnt that approaching people in a friendly way gave better results, for me as well as them.  (Though I still make exceptions!)
Eight months ago, my left knee turned dodgy, and my doctor recommended an operation.  I had to give up tennis, a game I loved and played several times a week.  And guess what?  Giving up tennis was nowhere near as bad as I imagined.  Walking the dog and bike riding more than made up for the loss.  (My knee is now fully recovered, without an operation, due to a change in diet and exercises -- thanks to Patrick Holford for his brilliant book, Say No to Arthritis. I now play tennis again but nowhere near as often.)
What is it about "giving up"?  There are small things and big things we can give up, the latter being, as M. Scott Peck says, "the giving up of personality traits, well-established patterns of behavior, ideologies, and even whole life styles.  These are major forms of giving up that are required if one is to travel very far on the journey of life."
If you observe married people or other long-term couples -- or your own life -- you often find that there are persistent and recurrent sources of conflict.  These can be minor forms of bickering, which nonetheless cause pain or friction.  One person wants to go out to dinner with friends, the other wants to stay in.  One likes to eat earlier, the other later.  One likes to drive fast, the other more slowly.  One likes to work late at the office, the other wants a quicker return home.  One likes surprises, the other set patterns.  Our habits and inclinations can become a form of tyranny, often encapsulated in "games people play" which perpetuate conflict with the people we love most.
In persisting in our habits and personality traits, we are not valuing results.  An 80/20 approach would be to look at all our set patterns and personal preferences, and ask which of them are really delivering the results we want.  The short answer -- very few of them.  There may be one or two personality traits that are awkward for some people but really do deliver outstanding results -- for example, the willingness to stand alone on an issue, the habit of independent thought, and the occasional tolerance of conflict.  If these have worked before and look as though they will produce results in the future, cling to them.  But most of our habits and preferences?  They typically produce more bad than good results.  Judge by results.  Give most of them up.
Giving up is less painful than we think.  And far more productive.  Giving up produces better relationships.  As Scott Peck says, it takes us further on the journey of life.
The most important form of giving up, though, go further.  It is yielding part of our personality, part of our whole approach to life, to a higher goal.  This is giving ourselves up to -- you choose the word or words you prefer, because this is delicate territory -- to a cause, to God, to our conscience, to our better selves, to "the universe."  It means being willing to trust to doing the right thing, even if it is really painful, even if -- in extreme cases -- it is fatal.  If giving up habits can be easier than we think, giving up our "selves" is always hard, at least at first.
Why do it?
Again, the reason is results.  I am not going to appeal to your good nature, because if it is anything like mine, that may not take us very far.  Instead, look at the results that come from yielding yourself up to the universe.  Instead of enemies, you see friends and allies.  Instead of fear, you find hope.  Instead of pessimism, optimism.  Instead of hate, you find love.  It is all there.  You find what you expect to find, and if you trust in goodness, you find goodness.
For sure, there is a battle going on in life -- between what produces better results versus poorer results.  Some of this may be thought to be morally neutral, and "just" a matter of knowledge -- this drug rather than that one is better at curing a disease, for example; this traffic scheme causes less congestion than that one.  But actually, if you think about it, in terms of results, better knowledge is not morally neutral.  And the pursuit of any activity to help other people has an element of goodness inherent in it.
The big breakthrough comes, though, when we try to consciously position ourselves on the side of goodness, when we yield the control of our lives to the power beyond ourselves, the goodness that lives and breathes in people, in insight, in science, and in the universe generally. This, too, is a form of giving up, the highest form that there is.
In our culture, giving up is generally frowned upon.  But what if our culture is wrong?  What if giving up is really the beginning of wisdom, and the only route to deep peace and happiness?
Follow Richard Koch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RichardKoch8020
More:

Board of SRF approves appointment of directorBoard of SRF approves appointment of director
Black money: Govt to submit all names in SCBlack money: Govt to submit all names in SC
Lafarge  Holcim Notify European Commission About Proposed MergerYou are here: Home Corporates
Lafarge, Holcim Notify European Commission About Proposed Merger
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 21:53 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
London: Aiming to complete their mega merger to create world's largest building material company in the first half of next year, Lafarge and Holcim have formally notified the European Commission about the amalgamation plan for regulatory approval.
"With this notification, Holcim and Lafarge have now completed all necessary notifications with the regulatory authorities worldwide," Holcim said in a release on Tuesday.
Holcim has a majority stake in two leading major Indian cement firms - ACC Ltd and Ambuja Cements. Lafarge has eight million tonnes capacity in India.
The two, however, slightly amended their proposed assets disinvestment plan in Europe in their notification to European Commission from what was stated during the "constructive" pre-notification discussions.
"Compared with the list of assets presented on July 7, 2014, the two companies now propose: to retain Lafarge's Mannersdorf plant located in Austria and to divest all of Holcim's operations in Slovakia," it said.
In the rest of the world, the proposed list of assets remains the same, with the exception of the Philippines, as announced by the boards of directors of Lafarge Republic Inc and of Holcim Philippines Inc.
"In parallel to the regulatory process, Holcim and Lafarge are in ongoing negotiations with potential buyers of the assets that are proposed for divestment," it said.
The divestment process would be carried out in the framework of the relevant social processes and ongoing dialogue with the employee representatives' bodies.
"The closing of the planned merger is expected in H1 2015, with the aim of creating the most balanced and diversified portfolio in the industry, operating in 90 countries and creating superior value for its stakeholders and customers."
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 20:57 (IST)

Marico s Q2 results on Nov 07  2014Oct 28, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Marico's Q2 results on Nov 07, 2014
Marico board meeting will be held on November 07, 2014, to consider the to take on record the un-audited standalone financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and the Limited Review Report thereon (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Marico's Q2 results on Nov 07, 2014
Marico board meeting will be held on November 07, 2014, to consider the to take on record the un-audited standalone financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and the Limited Review Report thereon (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
Marico Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 07, 2014, inter alia, to consider the following;1. To take on record the un-audited standalone financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and the Limited Review Report thereon (Q2);2. To take on record the un-audited consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2);3. To consider declaration of First Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-15.Source : BSE

Amber Vinson to Speak After Ebola TreatmentRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Futures Now: Fed and the bond tradefutures now: fed and the bond trade
John Ahlquist and Scott Gehlbachjohn ahlquist and scott gehlbach
Dollar declines after weak data  Swedish crown fallsDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Tobu Enterprise s board meeting on Oct 30  2014Tobu Enterprise s board meeting on Oct 30  2014
Letters: BJP s Catch-22 situationLetters: BJP s Catch-22 situation
India ranks low at 114 on WEF gender gap indexIndia ranks low at 114 on WEF gender gap index
Board of Astral Poly Technik recommends dividendBoard of Astral Poly Technik recommends dividend
L&T Infotech completes acquisition of Pune-based ISRCL&T Infotech completes acquisition of Pune-based ISRC
Forum Group starts building Rs 500 crore mall in cityForum Group starts building Rs 500 crore mall in city
GoJavas offers try-and-buy serviceGoJavas, which started with 20 delivery boys in December 2011, has 2,800-3,000 delivery staff in 105-107 cities today.
New Delhi, October 28:  
GoJavas, a logistics service provider in the e-commerce space, has introduced a ‘try-before-you-buy’ experience in e-retail transactions. In this, the delivery boys wait at the customer’s house till the customer tries out the product before accepting or returning it.
But, with the company charging a 30-40 per cent premium for such service, the response has been mixed. This service has already been adopted by Lenskart.com, which sends frames to customers who try them out before giving a go-ahead. The frames are then transported back, after which spectacles with lenses are delivered.
Opportunity cost
Explaining the higher pricing for such a service against what the company would charge as basic delivery, Vijay Ghatge, Chief Operating Officer of GoJavas, said, “In such a service, the delivery staff has to wait longer at each household. So, there is an opportunity cost attached as this time could be utilised to cover other households.”
“A slight variation of the try-before-you-buy service – Go Open – has been adopted by Jabong and DonebyNone, which basically allows customers to open the packets before making payments,” said Ghatge.
GoJavas, which started with 20 delivery boys in December 2011, had 1,200 delivery staff in 50 cities a year ago. This year, GoJavas has 2,800-3,000 delivery staff in 105-107 cities. The last mile delivery staffbring their own vehicle and are on the rolls of the manpower service provider. Ghatge admits the extent of “breaches” have increased due to a sharp increase in orders this festival season, when several players brought in discount sales.
“Despite us scaling up our facilities, the capacity was not enough to handle the rush, which basically resulted in delayed deliveries. Airport capacities were also choked,” said Ghatge.
To deal with the increase in traffic, consumers are being “under-promised and over-delivered”, he said. “We tell customers that deliveries will happen in 4-5 days, while actually they are delivered earlier. However, once a packet is stuck at an airport, it gets into a loop and gets further delayed as they do not operate with first-in-first-out principle,” said Ghatge.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Will Indian shipyards miss the LNG busWill Indian shipyards miss the LNG bus?
NK Kurup
Difficulty in meeting eligibility norms requiring tech tie-up with foreign yards
October 28, 2014:  
Indian shipyards are finding it hard to meet GAIL’s eligibility criteria for building LNG ships. It has been two months, but none of the yards that expressed interest in the public sector gas importer’s call to hire three Indian-built ships, have put in the bids as yet. The deadline is two days away.
Besides pricing, getting a technology partner seems to be a hurdle. India has never built an LNG vessel and therefore a technology tie-up has been specified by GAIL as a pre-condition to bid. Yards in South Korea and Japan, which have the requisite experience, are reluctant about sharing their technology with India.
Whatever may be the reason, it would be suicidal for a country, that recently celebrated its successful mission to Mars, to give up its plans to enter building LNG ships due to technological shortcomings. It was the Prime Minister’s Make in India strategy that forced GAIL to go for three indigenously built vessels out of the nine which it proposes to hire for importing liquefied natural gas from the US.
Cochin Shipyard, L&T, Pipavav Defence and Engineering Company have the physical infrastructure to take up the job. However, it appears that they would miss the bus unless the deadline and eligibility norms are relaxed to find a technology partner.
For several reasons, it is important to ensure that domestic yards do not miss this opportunity. Given that India will be depending on large volume of imported LNG in the coming years, control over building and operating gas carriers is strategically important. (Currently India is the world’s fifth largest importer of LNG and its rank is poised to improve in future).
It is pertinent to note that GAIL has already tied-up with Shipping Corporation of India to operate LNG vessels with an option for the latter to partly own them. SCI is the only Indian shipping line operating LNG vessels. For shipyards with huge idle capacity an LNG order will be a great boon. The slow-down in global shipping in the last six years left shipyards with few orders. It would be crucial for them to tap new avenues like building high-value specialised vessels.
An LNG vessel today costs more than $200 million to build. It would be a great loss for domestic yards, if they let go the GAIL offer. It is understandable that foreign yards will not easily part with their technology and create competition for themselves. As pointed out by an official from a shipyard, why should foreign yards share their technology unless they benefit in some way? There are two ways out to ensure domestic yards’ participation. As suggested by an official, GAIL should relax its norms without compromising on the security of the vessel. This would enable local yards to tie-up with smaller foreign yards which have the technology but may not have the experience like Korea or Japan.
Two, New Delhi could tap Government channels to get technology tie-up with yards in South Korea, which has a lot of business interest in India and it would benefit both to have a long-term tie-up in shipbuilding. Why not explore an equal-partnership option?
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Chinas Dalian port city floats platform to set up SME clustersChina’s Dalian port city floats platform to set up SME clusters
Our Bureau
Mark Shujun Ma
New Delhi, October 28:  
Dalian, a warm water port city in China, has taken the first step of a long march towards India, heeding Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call for ‘Make in India’.
Mark Shujun Ma, a Stanford-educated Chinese economist and member of the Chinese Political Consultative Committee of Dalian, held a conclave here and announced plans to join India’s bid to create SME clusters through a global platform named ‘Arc of China’.
The platform, which will offer offline and online support to SMEs, as well as marketing and funding options, aims to promote investment by Chinese SMEs to invest in India and set up manufacturing units here.
Ma, along with some investment bankers, met officials in various Ministries as well as small and medium enterprises (SMEs) across sectors such as solar power, waste management, river cleaning, food processing, tourism and e-commerce among others.
Signing of MoUs
“We will soon be signing six MoUs here,” said Naveen, an investment banker associated with Arc of China. He said talks were on for joint ventures for a cold chain in Assam, a food park in Himachal Pradesh, a loco manufacturing plant in Varanasi, solar and LED manufacturing facilities in Gujarat and Telangana, water treatment plant in Maharashtra and some units in the Vizag-Chennai industrial corridor.
“Our aim is to create 10,000 SME clusters in the world,” said Ma. Commending India’s joint family system, he said India and China could extend this ‘sustainable’ model to the field of business.
Ma said Indian SMEs could tap into the pool of expertise and technology of 46 million SMEs in China and vice versa, to expand business and create jobs. “Going forward, the real power of China and India will not come from large companies but the SME sector,” he added.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

States say new road transport Bill will dilute their powerStates say new road transport Bill will dilute their power
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 28:  
The Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala Governments have raised concerns over certain provisions in the Draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014, which they feel will infringe upon their autonomy.
Airing his views in the Transport Development Council (TDC) meeting here on Tuesday, Kerala’s Transport Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said the State would like to retain the power to fix and revise tariffs related to transport services and vehicles.
Karnataka’s Transport Minister Ramalinga Reddy said the “power of State Governments to formulate schemes will be taken away (once the Bill is passed).”
V Senthilbalaji, Transport Minister of Tamil Nadu said the Bill encroached upon the powers of the State Government. “The National Authority has been given sweeping and wide-ranging powers for making regulations which hitherto were being done by the State Governments,” he said, adding that the Draft makes serious inroads into the financial, legislative and administrative powers of State Governments.
Senthilbalaji said the rationale to introduce “such drastic changes and throw away lock, stock and barrel the existing provisions in the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 is totally unwarranted”.
He, however, welcome some features, such as providing medical facilities and cashless treatment to victims of road accidents, compulsory insurance etc.
Both Karnataka and Tamil Nadu had reservations on allowing private agencies to test drivers and inspect motor vehicles. Several States also sought more time for drafting replies and sending these to the Centre.
Meanwhile, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari said he hoped to place the Bill during the Winter session of Parliament, which begins on November 24. He said the Bill provided for a Unified Driver Licensing System across the country, automated testing to eliminate human bias in testing, a Unified Vehicle Registration System in India linked with insurance, vehicle offences and fitness, electronic and online submission of application for registration and development of an electronic platform to ensure collection, distribution and reconciliation of revenue between the various States in a seamless manner.
Plan for all-India permit for tourist buses
To migrate towards an all-India permit system for tourist buses – of the kind already implemented for trucks – the Road Transport Ministry has proposed a formula to share the revenue from the Central pool with different State Governments. The option is to grant all- India permits for tourist buses for one year on payment of annual consolidated fee at three rate slabs -- Rs 50,000 for ordinary tourist buses, Rs 75,000 for luxury tourist buses; and Rs 1,00,000 for super luxury tourist buses.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Ecommerce can t be back-door entry to multi-brand retail in India: Nirmala SitharamanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Panic and volatility offer EM opportunitiesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Pfizer: tax inversions still have value© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/783202aa-5eb4-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Treasury in line for pension tax windfallTreasury in line for pension tax windfall
Jonathan Eley, Personal Finance Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50a8dffa-5e92-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Battersea Power Station secures 1.4bnBattersea Power Station lands £1.4bn finance deal
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce1f61fc-5ea1-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rousseff win sparks Brazil market turmoil© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c964a324-5ea7-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suspicion of authority feeds Ebola panicSuspicion of authority is feeding America’s Ebola panic
Edward Luce in Washington
More than 45 per cent believe they or their friends and relatives will get the disease
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63513436-5ea6-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What Really Happens After Your Credit Card Is StolenThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

I Lost $70K Playing Fantasy FootballThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Think Twice Before You Buy That Extended WarrantyThink Twice Before You Buy That Extended Warranty
 
By ABC News
Sep 22, 2014 5:26pm
What if you paid hundreds of dollars to buy an extended warranty on your kitchen appliances only to find out a critical piece wasn’t covered? That’s exactly what the Hoftiezer family said happened to them.
With their appliances a few years old, David Hoftiezer of Medford, New Jersey, found Stanley Warranty and said he thought he was getting the same kind of protection his original warranties had given him.
Hoftiezer said he paid $1,000 for a warranty for all of his kitchen appliances. Then he started having some “issues,” he said.
First, the refrigerator’s ice maker broke.
“Weeks go by and the warranty company finally said to me, ‘The reason we followed up service is because your ice maker is not covered,’” he said.
Unfortunately, though the warranty specified that the refrigerator and freezer were covered the contract said, about six pages in, that “ice maker controls” were not covered.
Hoftiezer told ABC News he wished he would have read that.
“I’m not going to say I don’t take some responsibility,” Hoftiezer said. “But when they sell you the product, they ask you what would you like to cover and you say, ‘I would like to cover my refrigerator.’ They don’t say, ‘If your ice maker breaks, that isn’t covered.’”
Stanley Mankovsky, the CEO of Stanley Safe Club and Stanley Warranty, said the ice maker was excluded from Hoftiezer’s policy because “it’s a high volume item that gets broken by people abusing it.”
“If people want the ice maker covered, we have separate coverage for that in addition to the refrigerator,” Mankovsky said.
“The reason you buy an insurance policy is to make sure that when something does happen, you are covered,” he said. “The key is to read [and] make sure you go through every line.”
Mankovsky also added that since Hoftiezer had bought his warranty, the language had been revised and improved so that it was easier for consumers to understand.
In an email, Timothy Meenan, executive director of the Service Contract Industry Council, said: “Extended warranties can provide responsible consumers with substantial financial savings and offer a means of control when the unpredictable happens.”
“Contrary to some recent reports claiming that extended warranties on appliances and cars are not cost effective, the benefits of service contracts can far outweigh the cost of purchasing the coverage, and emergencies arise more often than you might think. Service contracts covered more than 95 percent of claims in 2012 – sometimes resulting from drops or breakdowns but sometimes caused by routine wear and tear. Consider that a typical appliance repair can cost $250 but the extended warranty costs only half that, and may pay for more than one repair during the term of the contract. The manufacturer’s warranty may help in some situations, usually only for the first year or less, so an extended warranty is well worth a second look. Extended warranties are designed to provide peace of mind by protecting consumers’ investments in their homes, vehicles, electronics and appliances. It is up to individual consumers to decide whether or not they personally value extended warranties. Many consumers who do not have the savings or disposable income to pay for an unexpected and costly repair derive great value and peace of mind by budgeting for this predictable expense.”
Anthony Giorgianni, a finance editor at Consumer Reports, said readers should think twice before buying an extended warranty.
“Not saying they will never work out but on a whole, you’re much better taking the money that you would put into a service contract [and] put it in the bank,” he said.
Some items that might that might be worth getting an extended warranty for, Giorgianni said, are electronics that children usually use and are more likely to be dropped or damaged. He still encourages consumers to read the fine print on those agreements, too.
Other tips from Giorgianni include:
1. Call the original manufacturer if something breaks. Sometimes the companies will want to make you happy.
2. Check with your credit card company, which sometimes can offer extended warranties.
ABC News

Ugg Season May Be Even Bigger Than Usual This YearBrace Yourself: Ugg Season May Be Even Bigger Than Usual This Year
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014 12:59 pm EDT
NEW YORK, NY - SEPTEMBER 05:  A view of UGG Australia at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Spring 2015 Collections at Lincoln Center on September 5, 2014 in New York City.  (Photo by Thos Robinson/Getty Images for UGG Australia) | Thos Robinson via Getty Images
reddit
Each year as the temperature dips, women across the country turn to their closets and dig their Ugg boots out of hibernation. Others head to stores to score a pair of the squat sheepskin booties in preparation for a chilly winter.
This year the Ugg frenzy may be even bigger than usual. Sales at the Ugg brand rose nearly 24 percent last quarter to $417 million, compared to $337 million for the same period the year prior, parent company Deckers reported Thursday. The spike was due to higher wholesale sales, online sales and new retail store openings worldwide.
And now, Ugg is about to enter its prime season.
"With temperatures turning cold in recent weeks, sell-through of weather boots and classics have gained pace across the majority of our markets," Deckers chief executive Angel Martinez said on a conference call with analysts on Thursday.
Ugg's upcoming product lines are "as compelling as we have ever seen for the company," Sam Poser, an analyst at Sterne Agee, wrote in a note to clients on Friday. He added that Ugg's reaping the benefits of favorable fashion trends, as shoppers search the aisles for comfy clothes like stretchy leggings and oversized sweaters.
However Ugg's holidays turn out, "Ugg Season" will remain. The annual donning of the Uggs has even made its way into memes, like " Girls be like."
Meanwhile, Ugg's plan to diversify its offerings seems to be working. Ugg is now selling more items that aren't dependent on cold weather. It launched a home goods line in October, offering an assortment of sheepskin area rugs, knit pillows and floor poufs. There's also Ugg's loungewear line, a casual clothing label. On the call, Martinez said that Ugg's home and loungewear businesses are still "small but burgeoning" and early results have been "very strong." Ugg will be pushing both lines hard through the holidays.
In an attempt to tell customers Ugg sells more than just  shearling boots, the brand launched an advertising campaign in August with the tagline "THIS IS UGG," featuring sketch artist Langley Fox Hemingway and New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
But until those lines get bigger, Ugg remains a slave to the elements. According to a report from Nomura Securities, Deckers is the best example of a company that's exposed to weather risk, something it could never hope to control. So far, the climate has treated Deckers, which also owns footwear brands Teva and Sanuk, quite well this year.
"Despite the mild weather conditions over the last two winters, this year was more seasonably cool and snowy in many parts of the U.S., which had a substantially large impact on companies with a great deal of cold weather product including Deckers," Nomura analyst Bob Drbul wrote in the report.
More:

World Bank Pegs India s Growth at 5.6% in 2014-15Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
The World Bank sees India's economic growth quickening to 5.6 per cent in 2014-15, driven by the accelerated rollout of reforms and expeditious clearances to large projects. This month the government announced a series of reform initiatives like deregulation of diesel prices, gas price hike and opening up of commercial coal mining sector.
India's economy grew at 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter this year, the highest in over two years. This comes after Indian economy grew below 5 per cent in the previous two years, in its worst slowdown in two decades.
The World Bank expects India's growth to accelerate further to 6.4 per cent in 2015-16. The World Bank said the implementation of goods and services tax (GST) would be a significant reform. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley recently said the revised Constitution Amendment Bill to roll out GST would be introduced in the forthcoming winter session of Parliament. The government intends to implement the GST from April 1, 2016.
The World Bank also had a note of caution, saying that global growth has been weaker than expected. On domestic issues, it said that the bad assets of banks remain high, which is impacting the profitability of banks.
The supply chain issues are also constraining the manufacturing sector, the World Bank added. The Narendra Modi government has made manufacturing as one of its key focus areas by rolling out the 'Make in India' campaign to attract investment in the sector. It is also is also focusing on improving the ease of doing business in India by simplifying the cumbersome procedures related to approvals and clearance mechanism for business activities. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 27, 2014 18:15 (IST)

Adani Taps Morgan Stanley to Help Sell Australia Port StakeYou are here: Home Corporates
Adani Taps Morgan Stanley to Help Sell Australia Port Stake
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 08:28 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Melbourne: Adani has appointed Morgan Stanley to advise on the possible sale of a stake in its Abbot Point coal port in Australia, as it looks to raise funds to help finance a A$7 billion ($6.2 billion) mine, rail and port project.
Adani spokesman Andrew Porter confirmed the company has hired Morgan Stanley to help it on a potential partial sale of Abbot Point, a 50 million tonnes-a-year coal terminal on the east coast of Australia that it bought for $2 billion in 2011.
Funds raised from the stake sale would be used to help finance Adani's planned expansion of the port, Porter said.
Earlier this year, Morgan Stanley advised the Australian state of New South Wales on the sale of the Port of Newcastle, the world's largest coal export terminal, which fetched A$1.75 billion, double the amount that had been widely expected.
Adani's comments came after the Wall Street Journal reported that while Morgan Stanley was advising on the port sale, the bank was among four major US investment banks that had told a US-based green group, Rainbow Action Network, that they would not help fund the port's expansion.
The east coast port expansion to handle two rival coal projects planned by Adani and India's GVK with Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart has sparked an outcry from green groups and tourist operators opposed to coal projects and port dredging near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
The $17 billion worth of projects in the undeveloped Galilee Basin have been at the centre of a campaign by anti-coal activists pressing institutional investors and big banks to shun coal investments to help combat climate change.
"Stopping Abbot Point is a top priority for us, because this single project is the key to whether one of the largest stores of carbon on the planet, the Galilee Basin, stays in the ground where it belongs, or is sold on the global market and released into our atmosphere," said Amanda Starbuck, a director at San Francisco-based Rainforest Action Network.
Morgan Stanley said on Tuesday it was not necessarily opposed to the Abbot Point expansion, but it typically does not provide financing for any projects in Australia.
"In the case of the various Galilee Basin coal, rail and port developments, we have not looked at these projects in any detail nor have we assessed or opined on the environmental considerations surrounding them," Morgan Stanley's Australian spokesman Hugh Fraser said.
"We are simply not in the business of providing greenfield project financing in Australia and therefore, as we have stated, we will not lend to, or invest in, these projects."
Adani is expected to tap Australia's big four banks and others to help fund its Carmichael project in Queensland state, which most analysts say would be hard to justify at current coal prices, hovering at five-year lows.
(1 US dollar = 1.1362 Australian dollar)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Top Officials of PSU Banks to Be Appointed Through New ProcessIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
The government has scrapped a list of names picked by the previous Congress-led UPA government to head state-run banks and has decided to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at these banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
The selection of six PSU bank heads made during the UPA tenure was scrapped after a committee said it found irregularities in the process followed.
A Finance Ministry statement said future vacancies of chairman and managing directors (CMDs) as well as executive directors of PSU banks will now be filled through a new selection process.
Eight posts of bank chiefs and 14 posts of their deputies will fall vacant and will have to be filled up "de novo", the ministry said.
The move comes months after an investigation began into whether the head of the state-controlled Syndicate Bank took bribes to roll over a loan to family-controlled Bhushan Steel.
The investigation not only raised broader concerns about weak oversight, corruption and politically directed lending at state banks, but also brought into focus irregularities in appointments at the banks.
In its wake, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration set up a panel, which also included Raghuram Rajan, the governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), to examine the process adopted this fiscal year for appointing top management at state banks.
Following the submission of the panel's report, the government scrapped the current selection process. Now, the government is in the process of finalising a new selection process, which will get notified this week, sources told NDTV. And the selection of public sector bank chiefs is likley to be completed within a month, the sources added.
Stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - currently amount to about 10 per cent of all loans, making banks circumspect over lending. Fitch Ratings expects stressed assets to reach 14 per cent of loans by March next year.
While a sluggish economy is the main reason for a rise in distressed assets, an RBI report in August also blamed lending to certain "excessively leveraged" groups. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 12:35 (IST)

Japan s SoftBank to Invest $10 Billion in India; Snapdeal to Get $627 MillionAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Japanese telecom giant SoftBank on Monday said it plans to invest $10 billion or Rs 61,000 crore in India in a bid to aggressively expand beyond its home base. The cash-rich company will invest in India's IT, communications and e-commerce sectors, where it sees immense potential. India has the world's third-biggest Internet user base.
Monday's mega announcement was followed by a deal to buy a stake worth $627 million (Rs 3,825 crore) in online retailer Snapdeal. Tuesday's deal will make SoftBank the biggest investor in India's third largest e-tailer. (Read: Snapdeal to Get Record $627 Million Investment From SoftBank )
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) in July. (Also read: Flipkart Raises $1 Billion to Take on Amazon )
SoftBank will also invest in an Indian logistics business in a separate deal, the company said today.
Both deals were negotiated under newly appointed SoftBank vice chairman and SoftBank Internet and Media Inc's chief executive Nikesh Arora, who had quit Google in July.
SoftBank's investment decision, probably the biggest by a Japanese firm, comes a month after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan in September and will give a big boost to his campaign to attract foreign direct investments (FDI) in the country.
"The visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan has created a climate of hope and optimism about greater economic cooperation between the two countries," said SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son.
SoftBank made waves with its plans to grow outside its home base last year when it bought No. 3 US mobile carrier Sprint Corp for $21.6 billion (Rs 1.3 lakh crore). The company said earlier this month that it was taking a minority stake in Hollywood movie studio Legendary Entertainment for $250 million (Rs 1,525 crore).
($1 = Rs 61)

US Durable Goods Fell 1.3 Percent in SeptemberThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Not all pop culture has to be subversiveBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 28 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
When Fox announced last week that it was putting a live-action Archie Comics series into the works, I was initially delighted. I spent years of my childhood pestering my mother for Archie books (particularly the Betty and Veronica digests) as treats. And as an adult, particularly in the past couple of years, I have very much enjoyed the work of the man behind the latest attempt to adapt Archie for the screen, Greg Berlanti, whose “Arrow” and “The Flash” TV shows on the CW have been far superior to Marvel’s small-screen superhero show, “Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.”
(Archie Comics)
But my heart sank slightly on reading the description : “Set in the present, the series offers a bold, subversive take on Archie, Betty, Veronica and their friends, exploring the surreality of small-town life — the darkness and weirdness bubbling beneath Riverdale’s wholesome façade.”
The thing about a “bold, subversive take” on the Archie franchise is that it is hard to think of anything you could do to Archie Andrews that the company that produces his comics has not already done to him. Riverdale has suffered zombie invasions. The gang went through  middle-age decay  on screen. The franchise even introduced a gay character, Kevin Keller, whose dating life is every bit as wholesome (if not more so than Moose and Midge’s unsettling affair ) as that of any Pop’s Chocklit Shoppe regular.
And more broadly, saying you will produce a “subversive” take on a genre is no guarantee that you actually are going to play with it in meaningful ways that challenge accepted notions of how we live. Sometimes it can be more impressive to execute something extremely well in an established format than to try to blow up an existing one.
Archie is not the only person set for a “subversive” makeover, a buzzword that is starting to challenge “dark” and “gritty” for prominence among announcements of new Hollywood projects.
Last fall, 2oth Century Fox TV bought a “a modern, subversive take on the white-knuckle thriller.”
When filmmakers Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead sold a horror movie about a woman who turns out to have unexpected secrets, like so many femmes fatales before her, they declared : “We love being subversive while remaining broadly appealing, ” two ideas that are necessarily in tension with each other.
Hart Hanson’s forthcoming comedy series was announced as part of the Fox schedule as a  “subversive and comic crime procedural about an unhealthy, offensive, irascible — albeit brilliant — detective who is brought back from exile to run the Portland Police Bureau’s Special Crimes Unit,” because whoever wrote it missed the unhealthy, offensive, irascible — albeit brilliant — detectives who have played a major role on television for the past three decades.
Jason Bateman’s “Bad Words,” about a grown man resisting his maturity by sneaking into a children’s spelling bee, is supposed to be “subversive,” because apparently the careers of Judd Apatow, Adam Sandler and Will Ferrell have been erased from the books.
I am all for film, television, novels and comics that genuinely undermine what we have come to expect on the screen and the page, and in doing so, help expand our understanding of what is possible. But to earn the title “subversive,” you have to genuinely challenge an established and important orthodoxy. And your characters have to be something more than merely unpleasant.
It is buying into convention to make your cops unpleasant but brilliant. You are doing what has been done before. And your overall argument is that we ought to continue to have faith in the police, no matter what they put us through.
It is actually disruptive to use the mechanics of a police procedural show to suggest that the war on drugs is a failure ; that criminals are as intelligent and sophisticated as the police; and that the very drive that makes someone an effective cop some of the time can also make him fall short at his work and life in ways that undermine the public good.
Similarly, it was bold to suggest that a small suburban town such as Riverdale had dark secrets back when Richard Yates was writing “ Revolutionary Road ” or Betty Friedan was working on “ The Feminine Mystique .” Now, if you imply that the kids (and their parents) are not all right, even if you do it to a peppy soundtrack a la “Glee,” you are simply meeting expectations.
In fact, telling a story straight, but with depth and perceptiveness, seems to be the greatest challenge pop culture can set for itself these days. Can you persuade us to believe in a superhero who is actually a truly good man, rather than a reluctant playboy or a mortal who quickly stoops to killing? “The Flash” is trying.
Can you take a courtroom drama to deep and unexpected places while preserving the fundamental clash of opposing counsel, presided over by a judge? “The Good Wife” provides thrilling proof that you can.
And can you just tell a story about teenagers’ lives, treating their little triumphs and tragedies as interesting and compelling even if they do not turn out to be drug-addicted hookers in their spare time between after-school activities? The most radical thing a live-action Archie Comics show could do right now is suggest that the kids are actually all right, that they are not going to sext themselves into ruined futures they will never actually see because designer drugs have rotted their brains before they hit college. I hope Greg Berlanti takes the challenge.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Italy adopts Supreme Courts view of ICJ authorityBy Eugene Kontorovich October 28
In a series of decisions in last decade – Sanchez-Llamas v. Oregon and Medellin v. Texas the Supreme Court effectively left the U.S. free to ignore decisions of the  International Court of Justice, even when it had accepted the ICJ’s jurisdiction. The Court ruled that the ICJ’s interpretations of treaties are not binding on U.S. courts, and that compliance with international law does not override domestic constitutional principles, or even matters of criminal procedure.
It is hard to overstate the ridicule these decisions attracted from wide swaths the academy, international lawyers, and so forth. The Supreme Court was portrayed as a parochial international scofflaw. The decisions were said to be ugly examples of American exceptionalism that would alienate America from the “world.”
Now the Italian Constitutional Court has followed suit, refusing to apply a decision of the ICJ, and doing so on even stronger grounds.
In the last decade, several Italian courts awarded damages against Germany to victims of war crimes during the Nazi occupation of Italy in 1944. These rulings contradicted the basic principle of sovereign immunity, and on that basis Germany sued Italy at the ICJ.
In 2012, the ICJ ruled in Jurisdictional Immunities of States (Germany v. Italy) that  state immunity applies even to serious human rights violations. The decision was hardly surprising given prior immunity rulings.
However, the Constitutional Court in Rome ruled that Italy cannot follow the ICJ’s judgement. For the Italian court’s opinion, I rely on this summary . For an extended, baroque discussion of the Italian case by a European academic can be found here (note his description of the Medellin cases as “retrograde proclamations of provinciality.”)
The Constitutional Court was required to reject the ICJ on even broader and stronger grounds did SCOTUS. Medellin v. Texas was based largely on the “dualist” principle of interpretation that international law has no direct effect domestically unless given such by statute. In this regard a judgement of the ICJ would just be like most treaties, which are not directly enforceable.
Italy, however, has the opposite of a dualist system: it has a constitutional provision directly incorporating international law (as do many other countries). So it could not simply say the ICJ decision has no direct effect. Rather, it went further to say that the rule announced by the ICJ itself violates the Italian constitution.
The constitutional argument seems to be a rather thin one, based less on specific words than on the general notion of no right without a remedy. Of course, Italy recognizes other immunities and limitations on suit, but given the crimes involved here, immunity would be “disproportionate.” It seems like a lot of hand-waving, but on this reasoning the Italian court concluded the Constitution precludes listening to the ICJ (presumably the constitutional principle of proportionality trumps the explicit provision about incorporation of international law).
Finally, in a move that would bring joy to Sen. Bricker, the Italian court held by extension that the U.N. Charter, which requires compliance with the ICJ’s orders, is unconstitutional as applied.
Whatever one can say about Medellin now, it will be hard to call it American exceptionalism. Indeed, it may be part of what internationalist commentators like the most – a “ global judicial dialogue ,” in which Europe is beginning to listen to America. And that is what the internationalist motto of a “decent respect for the opinions of mankind” is really about.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

American Airlines folds US Airways into frequent flier programAmerican Airlines folds US Airways into frequent flier program
American, US Airways
MIKE STONE, Reuters Photo
American Airlines on Tuesday announced a single frequent-flier program for its customers and those of US Airways, a year after the two merged.
American Airlines on Tuesday announced a single frequent-flier program for its customers and those of US Airways, a year after the two merged. (MIKE STONE, Reuters Photo)
American Airlines reveals new rewards program
Winners and losers in American Airlines' new rewards program
American Airlines on Tuesday announced a merged frequent-flier program for US Airways customers and its own and will combine loyalty accounts next year, part of its ongoing integration after the December merger to create the world's largest airline.
The announcement affects some 100 million frequent-flier members and appears to be a conservative move, mostly adopting the existing American Airlines AAdvantage program.
"It all feels like a big punt to 2016," said Brian Karimzad, director of MileCards.com.
October has been the busiest month this year for attempted airfare hikes among major airlines, despite Ebola fears and low jet fuel prices, as a broad-based try by American Airlines last week to raise fares by a few dollars ended in failure, according to FareCompare.com. ( Gregory Karp )
Most significantly, the program does not require fliers to spend a specific number of dollars to qualify for elite status, a controversial change made by competitors United Airlines and Delta Air Lines. For "fliers who don't like what happened at Delta and United, this is the year to vote with their dollars and send a signal," Karimzad said.
But American is not ruling out adding a spending component to its program later.
Suzanne Rubin, president of the AAdvantage loyalty program, on Tuesday would not characterize how seriously American is considering such a move, saying the airline is focused on integrating the loyalty programs, but "obviously, we're watching the marketplace and will continue to do so."
The new program looks more like American's than that of US Airways, in part because American has twice as many members. A survey by MileCards this year showed satisfaction was rated higher for the AAdvantage program, Karimzad said.
The integrated program has elements from US Airways too. For example, starting Jan. 1, bonus miles for AAdvantage members buying business-class tickets will increase from 25 to 50 percent to align with the Dividend Miles program. The new program also introduces a hybrid seat-upgrade system that partly incorporates US Airways' tradition of issuing automatic upgrades, if available, on domestic flights without having to request them.
0
"Fortunately, the new program seems to be adding benefits to satisfy elite members of both airlines, rather than just forcing Dividend Miles members into the AAdvantage mold," wrote Brian Kelly, founder of ThePointsGuy.com, on his site.
According to Tuesday's announcement, US Airways Dividend Miles will be combined and merged into the American Airlines AAdvantage program in the second quarter of next year, and four levels of elite US Airways fliers will be transferred to the three elite levels of the AAdvantage program, with Gold and Platinum levels becoming Platinum, and Chairman's Preferred becoming Executive Platinum.
Combining account balances will make it easier for customers to accumulate enough miles to redeem them for free flights, seat upgrades and to achieve elite statuses, Rubin said.
"We worked hard to strike what we thought was an appropriate balance between the programs," Rubin said. "But certainly, it's tough to please everybody."
The winners with the new program are top-tier AAdvantage members who retain industry-leading benefits, while losers are US Airways Platinum Preferred members, whose elite tier is going away, placing them in a bigger pool of fliers who want seat upgrades and lowering their chances of getting them, Karimzad said.
For customers who have an account in both programs and matched their accounts earlier this year, American will move their Dividend Miles reward totals into their existing AAdvantage account in the second quarter of 2015.
For Dividend Miles members who do not have an AAdvantage account, American will create one for them, and balances will be transferred automatically. AAdvantage members who do not have a Dividend Miles account don't need to do anything.
Elite status for 2016 will be based on combined flying from American and US Airways, and will mostly conform to the existing American Airlines program, with 25,000 miles or 30 segments — one-way flights — required for Gold status and 50,000 miles or 60 segments required for Platinum status. The highest level, Executive Platinum, will require the same 100,000 miles or 120 segments instead of the current 100 segments, making it harder to qualify with lots of short, inexpensive flights. Fewer than a third of fliers qualify by segments, Rubin said.
American Airlines' rewards program was recently rated best among large U.S. carriers by Mighty Travels. It was praised for providing "real value for your miles," as well as having a good online booking tool, no fuel surcharges and the option to book one-way awards. US Airways ranked second, followed by United Airlines and Delta Air Lines.
Details about the AAdvantage are at  aa.com/aadvantage2015 .

Soon  Rs 1 800 crore awareness campaign under Clean India MissionSoon, Rs 1,800 crore awareness campaign under Clean India Mission
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 08.20PM IST
Tags:
gdp
(The Centre will soon launch…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre will soon launch an intensive information, education and communication (IEC) campaign at an estimated cost of Rs 1,800 crore to generate awareness about the need for cleanliness and to bring about much-needed behavioural changes for achieving the goal of 'Swachh Bharat', Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu said today.
"Cleanliness is not a one-day affair; on the contrary, it should be a life-long mission. Behavioural changes are critical for the success of the Swachh Bharat Mission," Naidu said.
Swachh Bharat Mission was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Oct. 2 this year on the occasion of Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary.
The Urban Development minister noted that a clean environment contributes substantially to the GDP through increased productivity of human resources.
Quoting a World Health Organisation study, he further said that the common man is forced to spend an additional Rs 6,500 per year to fight diseases caused by poor sanitation.
"Swachh Bharat Mission is about much more than building toilets. It is more about changing the mindsets and acknowledging the right of others to a clean and healthy environment," Naidu said today after inaugurating two blocks of public toilets at two JJ clusters on Kali Bari Marg here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jupiter gains a creepy eye in this Hubble photoHere's looking at you, Jupiter. (NASA/ESA/A. Simon - Goddard Space Flight Center)
No big deal guys, Jupiter is just giving us all side-eye.
The Hubble Space Telescope took this spooky space pic while monitoring Jupiter's Great Red Spot (GRS) on April 21. GRS is an ongoing cyclone storm  -- bigger than our entire planet. It's been shrinking, although even after losing half of its size since scientists first started measuring in the late 1800s, it's still over 10,000 miles across. But the cycline seems to be shrinking at a faster rate, so astronomers have been keeping a close eye on it.
In the top photo, GRS seems to be looking right back at us. That's because one of the planet's moons (Ganymede) happened to cast a shadow right in the middle of the swirling storm.
The whole picture. (NASA/ESA/A. Simon - Goddard Space Flight Center)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Wall St. up on earnings  data mixedWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Witness identifies Sonali  Neelam in black b...You are here: Home > Collections
Witness identifies Sonali Bendre, Neelam, Tabu in black buck case
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 09.18PM IST
Tags:
Black buck case
(Apart from the trio, Salman Khan…)
JODHPUR: A prosecution witness today identified actresses Sonali Bendre , Neelam and Tabu in the 16-year-old black buck poaching case which allegedly took place in Kankani village near here.
Apart from the trio, Salman Khan and Saif Ali Khan are also accused in the poaching case of two black bucks, which allegedly took place on the intervening night of October 1-2, 1998.
Assistant Public Prosecutor Praveen Verma said witness Sheraram identified the actresses in the court, adding he had been living close to the spot, where the poaching took place.
"Sheraram, who was sleeping on the roof of his house, came down and followed the vehicle being driven by Salman Khan with a neighbour Mangilal on hearing the noise of the neighbours and gun shots," said Verma.
According to Verma, Sheraram deposed before the court that when the vehicle took a turn and came back towards him, he tried to stop it but it did not.
"He told the court that it was then when he saw Salman Khan driving the vehicle with Saif Ali Khan sitting in the front seat and the three actresses sitting behind with them," said Verma.
The cross examination of the witness by the counsels of the three actresses was completed today.
Chief Judicial Magistrate (rural) Anupama Bijlanai ordered that the hearing will continue tomorrow.
Another witness Mangilal would also appear tomorrow. He had accompanied Sheraram in chasing the vehicle.
Sonali and Tabu had appeared earlier in the court in February last year for the identification by first prosecution witness Poonaram.
But he did not recognise any of them then. So far 10 prosecution witnesses have been produced in the court for cross examination in relation to the poaching of the two black bucks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mipco Seamless: Outcome of board meetingOct 28, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mipco Seamless: Outcome of board meeting
Mipco Seamless Rings Gujarat at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has considered the appointment of Mr. Sivaprasad Chukka as Key Managerial Personnel to act as CFO in terms of provisions of section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mipco Seamless: Outcome of board meeting
Mipco Seamless Rings Gujarat at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has considered the appointment of Mr. Sivaprasad Chukka as Key Managerial Personnel to act as CFO in terms of provisions of section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Mipco Seamless Rings Gujarat Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, inter alia, has considered the following;1. Appointment of Mr. Sivaprasad Chukka as Key Managerial Personnel to act as CFO in terms of provisions of section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.2. Approval for conversion of 1825 partly paid up equity shares into fully paid equity shares acknowledging the receipt of calls in arrears Rs. 9,125/-.Source : BSE

PI Industries declares interim dividendOct 28, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PI Industries declares interim dividend
PI Industries at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has declared payment of interim dividend at 120% i.e. Rs.1.20 per equity share of Re. 1/- each for the financial year 2014-15.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PI Industries declares interim dividend
PI Industries at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has declared payment of interim dividend at 120% i.e. Rs.1.20 per equity share of Re. 1/- each for the financial year 2014-15.
Post your opinion here
 
PI Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, inter alia, has declared payment of interim dividend @120% i.e. Rs.1.20 per equity share of Re. 1/- each for the financial year 2014-15.Source : BSE

http://usat.ly/1u3p233FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Wall Street to Facebook: Show me more growth
Wall Street expects Facebook to post revenue of $3.12 billion, up more than 50% from the same quarter a year ago.
Post to Facebook
Wall Street to Facebook: Show me more growth Wall Street expects Facebook to post revenue of $3.12 billion, up more than 50% from the same quarter a year ago. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u3p233
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wall Street to Facebook: Show me more growth
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 3:48 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Wall Street will be watching Facebook earnings.
(Photo: Karen Bleier, AFP/Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO — Can Facebook keep it up?
The giant social network reports third-quarter earnings after the market closes on Tuesday.
Facebook stock FB is up more than 30% in the last six months, to just over $80, as Wall Street anticipates another strong showing — despite a warning from the company during its earnings call last quarter that investors should not expect the same kind of growth in the second half of the year.
Wall Street expects Facebook to post revenue of $3.12 billion, up more than 50% from the same quarter a year ago.
Adjusted earnings per share — excluding stock compensation and other expenses — are expected to be 40 cents, up from 19 cents a share.
Facebook has beat Wall Street estimates in eight out of nine quarters as a public company including the last five straight quarters.
But Mark Mahaney, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, is expecting revenue of $3.08 billion and adjusted earnings per share of 38 cents, both below consensus.
STOCK MARKET: S&P 500, Nasdaq back in black for October
"We note that this has been a difficult (earnings per share) season, with many 'Net companies missing on fundamentals," Mahaney wrote in a research report. "We would expect Facebook to be as materially impacted by these trends as any other major Internet company."
Still, Facebook remains Mahaney's No. 1 large cap pick in the Internet sector, he said.
He says Facebook has four major revenue opportunities: Instagram, video ads, Facebook's New Audience Network and WhatsApp, which together could add $2.7 billion in incremental revenue and 34 cents in incremental earnings per share in 2015.
USER GROWTH
What he will be watching for in Facebook third-quarter earnings: Whether the number of users continues to grow and engagement to rise.
Most important of all: mobile advertising growth.
"Facebook has become a mobile company," Mahaney wrote.
Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser raised his 2015 price target to $106, up from $85 for 2014.
He says he expects the third quarter to "present strong operating trends once again, albeit with heavy cash outflows associated with recent acquisitions."
Fueling his optimism: Facebook's growing share of online advertising.
"We continue to view Facebook in a very positive light given the company's ongoing traction with a growing number of distinct segments of the advertising industry," Wieser wrote in a research report.
"There is seemingly little that can get in the way of Facebook given its hegemonic status in the world of online advertising, matched only by Google," he wrote. "By our estimates on new industry data from trade group the IAB, Facebook alone accounted for fully 52% of total growth of all online advertising including paid search during the second quarter of 2014."
New advertising formats such as mobile app install ads have helped fuel Facebook's ascent, Wieser said.
He estimates that Facebook should account for about 10% of all online advertising in the U.S. this year and 12.5% next year. It had 7.4% in 2013.
MORE FROM USA TODAY

Foreign Investor Stake in SKS at Record HighYou are here: Home Corporates
Foreign Investor Stake in SKS Microfinance Hits Record High in September Quarter
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 16:21 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Continuing with their bullish stance on SKS Microfinance, foreign investors have hiked their stake in the company to an all-time high of 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in its share price.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which held a 36.90 per cent stake in SKS at the end of September 30 last year, raised their stake to 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter of 2014-15, as per the latest information available with the stock exchanges.
This marks the fourth quarterly increase in FII holding in SKS Microfinance, India's only listed player in the sector.
FIIs have been raising their exposure in the Hyderabad-based firm since June last year. They had a 35.83 per cent stake in the micro finance firm at the end of June 30, 2013. Their holding stood at a record low of 8.33 per cent during the June quarter of 2012. In comparison to this, overseas investors had a 44.61 per cent stake in the microfinance firm in the June quarter this year.
In terms of numbers, the FII count jumped to 91 at the end of September quarter this year from 75 in the preceding three-month period.
There was an over 8 per cent surge in SKS share price between July and September, while the BSE benchmark index Sensex moved up around 4.78 per cent during the period.
On Tuesday, SKS Microfinance shares ended over 1 per cent lower at Rs 316 on the BSE. The stock had touched its 52-week high of Rs 348.35 last month.
However, the stock had taken a major beating since its listing in August 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,000 per share.
There had been a major policy clampdown on micro finance institutions following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by them.
The company had debuted on the bourses after sale of shares in its IPO at a price of Rs 985 apiece.
Analysts believe the company's good performance on the financial front and strong loan portfolio has helped FIIs to rush towards it.
During the quarter, SKS's net profit jumped to Rs 56.8 crore from Rs 16.3 crore in the year-ago period. Besides, the company's revenues rose to 190.11 crore from Rs 129.95 crore in July-September 2013.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 16:01 (IST)

Amber Vinson Released From Hospital After Recovering From EbolaRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Calif. AG: 18.5 Million Residents  Info HackedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Feds Sue AT&T for  Unfair  Slowing of Mobile Customer Datafeds sue at&t for  unfair  slowing of mobile customer data
The Federal Trade Commission announced on Tuesday that it has sued AT&T for deceptive and unfair data throttling.the federal trade commission announced on tuesday that it has sued at&t for deceptive and unfair data throttling.
Feds Sue AT&T for  Unfair" Data Throttlingfeds sue at&t for  unfair" data throttling
Whirlpool CEO: Consumer mixed around worldwhirlpool ceo: consumer mixed around world
GM: Keep Passengers Out of Front in These Modelsgm: keep passengers out of front in these models
5 Guilt-Free Ways to Make Sure You Use All Your VacationEmail
America, take a vacation! A new Oxford Economics report shows that Americans are only using 77 percent of their paid time off. It’s gotten so bad that the number of unused vacation days has racked up to its highest level in 40 years. Workers say they’re worried about being seen as the office slacker. And in a world of layoffs, they’re also worried about keeping up with colleagues and bosses who don’t take all their vacation days. 
Take planning your play just as seriously as you plan your work, says productivity trainer and Work to Live speaker Joe Robinson.
Video: A new study by Oxford Economics reveals that American workers are essentially working for free almost one week per year.
“We don’t plan our time off, we don’t plan our leisure. We think the only thing that matters is performance and output,” said Robinson. Ironically, research shows that workers who take breaks, whether 10 seconds on an assembly line or 10 days in Cabo, increase their overall productivity when they return. Reaction times can go up as much as 40 percent.
And for those who feel like taking a vacation is stealing from the company in some way, know this: Vacations weren’t invented by employees. The vacation tradition was started in the 1920s and '30s  by employers who found giving their workers a week or two off during the year increased overall productivity.
Robinson offered these handy tips to workers:
Plan your vacations for the entire year in January
At the beginning of the year, discuss with others when the peak periods of work are. Figure out when everyone else is going to be gone. Plan your vacation days in the lulls between and give everyone as much notice as possible.  “Then it’s locked in and it’s much harder to have it not happen,” said Robinson.
Set up “I’ll cover you” arrangements with co-workers
In Europe they have a strategy they call “cross-training” where various people you work with are trained in pieces of your work, and vice versa. That way everyone can cover for each other during vacation and sick days. 
Take a trip, not a guilt trip
Ignore any dirty looks you think you’re getting, which are mainly just projected fear. “Guilt is just manipulation sent by other people,” said Robinson. “I don’t think living your life is anything to be embarrassed about."
Remember: Vacations make you a strong worker
“The body needs to replenish its mental resources,” said Robinson. “If we stay in work mode, we never get to have those resources go up again."
Use ‘em or lose ‘em
Understandably, people who don’t take all their vacation days act that way in part because they're worried about getting laid off — so-called “defensive overworking.”  But that’s the wrong strategy.
“People need to realize that people who don’t take vacations get laid off just as much as people who do,” said Robinson. “It’s your best time to live fully and freely."
Tags:

Krugman: The Right Fears Democracykrugman: the right fears democracy
Quarantined nurse writes about her treatment due to Ebola concernsBy Nia-Malika Henderson October 25 Follow @niawapo
A nurse who is quarantined in a Newark hospital after arriving from West Africa where she treated Ebola patients, said that she is “scared for those who will follow me,” and that the United States must treat returning health-care workers better.
The governors of New York, New Jersey and Illinois on Friday ordered that health-care workers returning from Ebola stricken countries in West Africa must be quarantined for 21 days. The measures were put into place after a doctor returned from West Africa was confirmed to have the deadly virus .
In a letter published in the Dallas Morning News , Kaci Hickox, who has tested negative for Ebola, detailed her treatment at the airport and then a hospital after she returned from Sierra Leone. She writes of long delays and a situation where “no one seemed to be in charge.”
“I am scared about how health care workers will be treated at airports when they declare that they have been fighting Ebola in West Africa,” Hickox wrote. “I am scared that, like me, they will arrive and see a frenzy of disorganization, fear and, most frightening, quarantine.”
Hickox arrived Friday afternoon and told immigration officials that she had been in Sierra Leone. She was then questioned about her work there, which included watching a 10-year-old girl die of the disease during a month long stay.
“I was tired, hungry and confused, but tried to remain calm,” she wrote. “My temperature was taken using a forehead scanner and it read a temperature of 98. I was feeling physically healthy but emotionally exhausted.”
Four hours later, she had a temperature of 101 according to the forehead scanner, and she was escorted by eight police cars to the University of Hospital in New York. Doctors there took her temperature again and found no fever.
The symptoms of Ebola can take up to 21 days to show up, and as long as someone is not showing any symptoms, like fever, vomiting and diarrhea, they are not contagious.
Several lawmakers have called for an outright travel ban, yet health officials have said that such a ban would limit the flow of much needed support to West Africa. Yet there are similar concerns that a mandatory 21-quarantine could discourage health care workers from traveling to Africa.
“We need more health care workers to help fight the epidemic in West Africa,” she wrote. “The U.S. must treat returning health care workers with dignity and humanity.”
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

That s an  F : European Banks Flunk Stress Teststhat s an  f : european banks flunk stress tests
Is economic growth permanently lowerAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Comcast set to be largest media group© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c74f69d2-5b61-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CEO fad for extreme exercise goes too farThe CEO fad for extreme exercise has gone too far
Lucy Kellaway
Sport does not broaden an executive’s worldview. Virtually everything else does
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/262d8c6c-593d-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dysfunctional Levels in Nonprofit Boards and OrganizationsArticle and studies from a Google search on "Dysfunctions in Nonprofit Boards & Organizations" yields 445,000 items in .32 of a second.  These items show dysfunctions on charter school boards, church boards, health care boards, trade associations, etc.
Rick Moyers, a well-known nonprofit commentator and nonprofit researcher, concluded:
A decade's worth of research suggests that board performance is at best uneven and at worst highly dysfunctional.  ... The experiences of serving on a board -- unless it is high functioning, superbly led, supported by a skilled staff and working in a true partnership with the executive -- is quite the opposite of engaging.
These data and comments can lead one to conclude that all nonprofit boards are dysfunctional.  I suggest that nonprofit boards can generate a range of dysfunctional behavioral outcomes, but the staff can muddle through and continue to adequately serve clients.
Mildly Dysfunctional:  Board meeting attendance can be a problem, left unattended by the board chair and CEO.  Agendas are not completed within the meeting time frame.  Strategic planning takes place once a year with little reference to it between annual meeting retreats. Goals are established without measured outcomes.
On the other hand, budgets and finances are reasonably well-handled.  Incremental growth each year is modest.  Board recruitment takes place largely based on board contacts and friendships, with a few recommendations by the CEO.  Most everyone on the board is mildly or fully dedicated to the organization's mission.
Moderately Dysfunctional:  All of the above dysfunctions, plus one or more of the following ones:
•      The board chair and/or the CEO receive heightened deference in board discussions.
• Important decisions are made without full participation by all board members.   One of two directors sets the tone for the discussions and the outcomes.
• Either the board chair or CEO has inadequate backgrounds to develop a robust board.   Nearly all agenda topics center on operational issues.
• The board does not trust the CEO but is unwilling to take action to remove him or her.
• The mission is not clearly defined and "mission creep" can be a problem.
In this instance, the staff can be productive, if some managers are able to isolate staff from the board dysfunctions.
Highly Dysfunctional: Many of the following board behaviors are exhibited:
• The board is divided into unyielding factions, a la the current US congress.
• Board discussions go beyond civil discourse into personal barbs, often disguised as humor.
• Board committees are not functioning properly.   Important decisions are often delayed for a year or more.
• Rumors about the board conflicts are reaching funders, and are asking questions about the rumors.
• It is becoming difficult to recruit talented board members or professional personnel.
• The board chair and other directors refuse to acknowledge the problems.
There is little that the staff can do in this situation, except to hope for a funding angel to cover the financial problems that will develop.   However, I did observe one organization that recovered from such highly dysfunctional board behaviors and finally succeeded in recruiting more talented board members. It also adopted a new governance format. The change led to some directors  o resign.   (One was insisting that the directors should evaluate individual staff personnel!)   However the mistrust between the board and staff, as a result of the dysfunctional board behaviors, continued for decades.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Board & Organization Dysfucntion Nonprofits Nonprofit Govenance Nonprofit Management Nonprofit Ceos
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Communist party attempt to introduce legal redressOctober 26, 2014 6:30 pm
China strives incoherently for the ‘socialist rule of law’
Rebecca Liao
The Communist party attempt to introduce legal redress is an impossible feat, writes Rebecca Liao
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f4ebd30-5b84-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamacares drip-fed success© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f3d003a-5a98-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pradip Burman named in back money holders list  Dabur group family protestsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Expect RBI to turn dovish in December  cut rates in February : BofA-MLE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money list: Arun Jaitley says will name only those having  prosecutable  caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money list: Centre names Pradip Burman  Radha Timblo  P C LodhiyaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bharti Infratel Sept-qtr net profit up 68% to Rs 465 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Facebook  pregnancy notifications and a fathers right to object to adoptionBy Eugene Volokh October 27 Follow @volokhc
(Reuters/Eric Thayer/Files)
When a man and a woman have a child out of wedlock, and the woman puts up the child for adoption, the man is entitled to an opportunity to object and to raise the child himself (unless he’s found to be an unfit parent). “[N]atural fathers … are denied due process when their parental rights are terminated despite them never being given a chance to pursue their opportunity interest because they were never given notice of the child’s existence.” But if the man knows about the pregnancy and the adoption plans and does not object to the adoption in a timely way, he waives his rights.
What, though, qualifies as sufficient notice from the mother to the father? Here’s what the Oklahoma Supreme Court held about this in In re Adoption of K.P.M.A. (Okla. Oct. 14, 2014) :
Having established that Father was constitutionally entitled to notice of the existence of the child before his rights could be terminated for failure to exercise his opportunity interest, this Court must now determine whether Father received that notice. In other words, was Father afforded appropriate due process. Notice and opportunity lie at the heart of due process. Appellees assert that Father was provided notice of the pregnancy by Mother via Facebook, though Father claims he did not see the message until after the child’s birth.
The classic statement of constitutionally adequate notice is that which is reasonably calculated, under the circumstances, to inform interested persons of the pending litigation and to afford them an opportunity to advocate their interest in the cause….
The means employed must be such as one desirous of actually informing the absentee might reasonably adopt to accomplish it. The reasonableness and hence the constitutional validity of any chosen method may be defended on the ground that it is in itself reasonably certain to inform those affected, or, where conditions do not reasonably permit such notice, that the form chosen is not substantially less likely to bring home notice than other of the feasible and customary substitutes.
This Court does not believe that attempts to provide notice via Facebook comport with the requirements of due process. While the adequacy of Facebook as a means of providing notice in a due process context is an issue of first impression in Oklahoma, to date only one federal court — of at least three that have considered the issue — has allowed service of process via Facebook and even then only as a supplementary means of providing notice.
Nothing in the record of this cause indicates that more direct contact with Father was impossible so that Mother was required to rely upon an indirect method such as Facebook to notify him of her pregnancy. Indeed, the record indicates she came to Father’s workplace to see him roughly six weeks after their last sexual encounter. There is no indication in the record she knew she was pregnant at the time, and it is quite possible that she did not know, however it does demonstrate she knew where to find Father to talk to him in person and had no qualms about doing so. The record does not indicate she made any effort to visit Father again after this date, while he was still employed, to tell him of the pregnancy.
The record also does not indicate Mother made any other reasonable effort to contact Father directly and notify him. Mother was present at the hearing due to Father’s subpoena, and might have been able to provide further detail regarding her efforts to contact father, were it not for the trial court’s erroneous decision to grant Appellees’ motion for a directed verdict.
Instead of contacting Father directly, Mother left him a message on Facebook, which is an unreliable method of communication if the accountholder does not check it regularly or have it configured in such a way as to provide notification of unread messages by some other means. This Court is unwilling to declare notice via Facebook alone sufficient to meet the requirements of the due process clauses of the United States and Oklahoma Constitutions because it is not reasonably certain to inform those affected. It is, rather, a mere gesture.
Three of the nine Justices dissented, reasoning that, under the relevant Oklahoma statute,
The duty of the male who has sexual relations with a female is (1) to be aware that a pregnancy might occur and (2) to inform himself. He cannot complacently wait for the female to find him in the event of a pregnancy. In this case the Mother tried to inform the father. There was no evidence that he attempted to learn anything. After the legislature had made its intent known, the majority opinion still maintains that the responsibility of informing a father lies fully with the female.
The Father’s testimony reveals that during the times they were having intercourse, the Mother was seventeen years old and he was twenty to twenty-one years old. He testified that he knew where she lived, knew her full name and had her telephone number. When asked, “What steps did you take to determine that she wasn’t pregnant after you had intercourse the last time?” His answer was “None.” He was also asked, “[D]id you ever attempt to contact her and she denied contact with you?” He answered, “No.”
It thus concludes that express notice to the father wasn’t necessary, but also says this about Facebook notice:
The majority opinion does not inform the biological mother precisely what notice is needed to satisfy this Court. The rule has been long accepted that, “Actual notice is the preferred method of satisfying due process requirements….” The Facebook message was actual notice. The Father testified that Facebook was his method to contact the Mother after he learned of the guardianship and that he reached her within twenty-four hours. Why would Facebook be any less reliable than other forms of electronic communication? Does the Court require a face-to-face confrontation with witnesses? Face-to-face discussions can be denied; letters can remain unopened; and faxes can be lost.
Osprey L.L.C. v. Kelly-Moore Paint Co., 1999 OK 50, ¶ 15, 984 P.2d 194, 199, held, “The purpose of providing notice by personal delivery or registered mail is to insure the delivery of the notice, and to settle any dispute which might arise between the parties concerning whether the notice was received. A substituted method of notice which performs the same function and serves the same purpose as an authorized method of notice is not defective.” In the Osprey case, a lessee sent a fax to confirm a desire to continue a lease for another five years. The renewal terms stated that notice may be delivered either personally or by depositing the same in United States mail, first class postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested.
The lessor even denied receiving the fax, but this Court recognized an electronic record showing that the fax activity report and telephone company records confirmed that the fax was transmitted successfully and that it was sent to Osprey’s correct facsimile number. Actual notice satisfies due process just as formally approved methods do. The record contains an admission from the Father that his Facebook account contained notice. He just claims he did not read it.
Oklahoma law recognizes the efficacy of electronic transactions where parties to electronic transactions have agreed to transact business through that method. Forty-seven states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have adopted the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (UETA). Oklahoma has codified this act as 12A O.S.2011, §§ 15-101 through 15-121. Three states, Illinois, New York and Washington, which have not adopted the UETA have statutes pertaining to electronic transactions. The UETA is found within the Uniform Commercial Code and applies to transactions. A transaction is defined as “an action or set of actions occurring between two or more persons relating to the conduct of business, commercial, or governmental affairs.” The point is not whether the UETA applies to the case before the court; the relevance is that electronic transactions are deemed by all states to be dependable enough to bind parties in business, commercial and governmental affairs.
In addition, Facebook is a dependable method for communication, enough so that the Father admits that the mother and the Father chose to communicate through that method. What happened when he received service about the guardianship? The transcript says that when he initiated contact with the mother he did it through Facebook. There is no support for an argument that Facebook is less dependable as an actual notice than a fax, a letter or some form of email other than Facebook. Neither is there a sound argument that actual notice does not satisfy due process.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Black money case: What Jaitley has to sayHi Guest
Black money case: What Jaitley has to say
Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion through offshore accounts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday, amid the Congress asking for disclosure of all names of black money holders. "We will disclose only those names against whom we have prosecutable evidence," he told reporters. His remark comes hours after the government disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names, including that of Pradip ...

AAP accuses Govt of  selective approach  in black money issueAAP accuses Govt of  selective approach  in black money issue
V-shaped rebound catches bears off guardV-shaped stock rebound catches bears off guard
By: Adam Shell October 27, 2014 10:55 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during morning trading Oct. 27 in New York City. (Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
The stock market’s sharp decline earlier this month was followed by a classic V-shaped rebound rally, catching many investors off guard. But can the rally last?
Last week, the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index rallied more than 4%, posting its best weekly gain of the year — and ending a four-week losing streak. In late-morning trading Monday the S&P 500 was down 7 points or 0.35%, to 1958.
But many investors did not expect the large-company stock index to bounce back that fast or that far, after tumbling more than 9% from its intraday high to its intraday low earlier this month amid fears of a global growth slowdown, Ebola and other market headwinds.
“If you blinked, you missed it,” is the way Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group described last week’s flash rally, which was powered by strong corporate earnings reports. Hickey’s firm supplied an intraday stock chart from Oct. 1 to Oct. 21 to show just how violent the S&P 500’s V-shaped upside reversal has been:
The S&P 500 has delivered a V-shaped recovery since its Oct. 15 intraday low. (Chart: Bespoke Investment Group)
The question now is: Can the rally last?
Citing historical data of how stocks have reacted after similar drops and sharp rebounds, the answer is there’s a good chance the rally could have legs, notes Thomas Lee of Fundstrat Global Advisors.
Lee’s research notes that the S&P 500’s current pullback from Sept. 19 to Oct. 15 was 9.8% from it intraday high to its intraday low. Following the past 49 times the S&P 500 has dipped at least 7% (but did not fall into a bear market, or a 20%-plus drop), more than half of the corrections ended after a decline of 10%. But he stresses that “markets either fall 10% or less or they continue to fall much deeper, or 20%-ish.” The fact this current pullback ended at less than 10% is a good sign, history suggests.
Historical performance data also supports the argument that stocks can rebound more than skeptics believe.
“The faster the decline, the faster the recovery,” Lee told clients in a report.
In terms of timing, Lee’s work shows that the market recovery normally takes 1.4 days for every day of a decline. So after a 10-day decline, markets normally get back to even 14 days later.
His work also shows that more than 50% of the time the S&P 500 tends to be 11% to 17% higher eight weeks after the correction bottoms.
“90% of bull market bottoms are V shaped,” Lee said.
In the chart below supplied by Fundstrat, you will notice that the median return eight weeks after a market bottom is 11%, but more often than not the gains are much larger.

South Africa: Police hunt soccer captain s killersSouth Africa: Police hunt soccer captain s killers
Renee Zellweger doesnt need you to like how she looksBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 27 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Actress Renee Zellweger poses at the 21st annual ELLE Women in Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles. (Credit: REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni)
Over the past week, it has been amusing, if a bit predictable, to watch the discussion over Renee Zellweger’s strikingly different appearance, which she debuted on the red carpet for Elle’s Women in Hollywood Awards.
We started with disconcerted double-takes, then proceeded to speculation over just what had happened. “I’m bummed out that she monkeyed with her DNA to the point where one side of her face doesn’t seem to sit quite the same as the other. It almost makes her look older than she did before, which is not generally the point of all that tinkering,” wrote Heather Cocks of the indispensable fashion blog Go Fug Yourself.
Zellweger became the latest data point in the ongoing debate about what Hollywood’s requirements for women require actresses to do to themselves to continue to compete for jobs. And as the conversation circled around on itself, the comedian Luvvie mounted a spirited defense of discussing Zellweger’s radically different face.
“We know society is hyper-critical of women’s bodies but does that mean we cannot point out when someone does something absurd?” she wrote . “And yes, I find it strange when someone completely and permanently changes their reflection in the mirror for purely cosmetic reasons.”
I have seen this cycle go round and round with all the predictable gyrations of a washing machine agitator. And every time I see it happen, I am fascinated by one of the assumptions that almost all the disputants share in common, despite their different positions: The woman in question cannot possibly be aware of what she looks like now. If you think she should not be judged, the assumption is that she had the work done under duress. And if you think she should, you probably think she is exhibiting some sort of bad taste.
As one of Steve Martin’s characters in the novella “Shopgirl” puts it during a lazy afternoon observing surgically altered Los Angeles women going to and fro: “He wonders if they are kidding; he wonders if the men who adore them excuse their lapse in taste and love them anyway, or see them as splendid examples of woman as hyperbole.”
But as my colleague Soraya McDonald  reported last week , Renee Zellweger knows exactly what she looks like. “I’m glad folks think I look different! I’m living a different, happy, more fulfilling life, and I’m thrilled that perhaps it shows,” she told People Magazine .
This position is not exactly compliant with the two acceptable ways actresses are supposed to respond to inquiries about changes in their appearance. One option is denial. The other is to take some time, and then to discuss the pressures Hollywood puts on actresses, acknowledging the toll that they have taken on your own life.
To admit that you did not like the way you looked and acted to change it is not in the polite script for discussing such matters. Zellweger is not going quite so far as to say that; instead, she is attributing her altered appearance to a renewed attention to her health and a decision to stop making “bad choices about how to conceal the exhaustion.” But she is rejecting the idea that the people who long for her old look are the people whose opinions matter.
Maybe Zellweger looks, as Luvvie put it, like a “copy and paste face white woman who was created from a mating session betwixt Robin Wright, Sarah Jessica Parker and possibly a dash of Helen Hunt,” rather than her previously distinct self. And maybe that is what she wanted, and what Jennifer Grey wanted when she altered her nose. Maybe she wants to disappear, or at least has calculated that the changes she’s alluded to are worth losing what made her instantly recognizable.
It is a somewhat radical thing for someone whose career depends on being liked by the public to suggest that what we like does not really matter to her. Of course we are drawn to the idea that there is some symbiosis in our attachment to celebrities, that they need our love to keep on working and they pay us back with performances and personal dramas that entertain and even move us. But in reminding us that this is not a relationship of equals — that if we turn away from her in disappointment, she will be just fine — Zellweger is telling us something that is true, even if it, and her new look, make us deeply uncomfortable.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Letters: Glass housesLetters: Glass houses
Statue of Unity  to cost Rs 2 979 cr  L&T bags contractE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

What Twitter investors are chirping aboutWhat Twitter investors are chirping about
By: Matt Krantz October 27, 2014 12:26 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
It’s time for social media stocks to do less talking and more showing. This is a big week for social media earnings reports — starting today with Twitter (TWTR) .
The online service that allows investors to share short messages is expected to report a quarterly profit of a penny a share, reversing a year-ago loss of 13 cents a share. Revenue is expected to more than double, rising 109% to $252 million, says S&P Capital IQ.
UPDATE: Twitter’s results now in. The company met expectations, stock down.
Those are the numbers Twitter investors say they’re looking for — but they’re actually looking for more. The company has beaten earnings estimates in each of the past three earnings quarters, S&P Capital IQ says. During the quarter ended in June, for instance, Twitter made 2 cents a share, well ahead of the expected 3-cents-a-share loss.
Good numbers are needed to get this stock going:
Talk is centering around Twitter to actually earn a profit of 3 cents a share. Anything less would be seen as the company laying an egg.

Bargains for billionairesbargains for billionaires
Top 10 schools  Domestic Airlines cancellation rate  Crude oil  more on October 24  2014Top 10 schools, Domestic Airlines cancellation rate, Crude oil, more on October 24, 2014
Fri Oct 24 2014, 19:21 hrs
The University of Mumbai has been ranked among the top 10 schools that produce the world's billionaires and has more number of such undergraduate alumni than London School of Economics. Graph: PTI
Scheduled Domestic Airlines cancellation rate. Graph: PTI
Production of crude oil and gas in September 2014. Graph: PTI
Production of crude oil and gas (Planned target and actual production). Graph: PTI
Uruguay elections. Graph: Reuters

No softlanding in sight for $20-bn Rafale dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang   others ratcheted up their money power  apart from box office collectionsHow Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang', others ratcheted up their money power, apart from box office collections
Geety Sahgal | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 08:34  IST
Oct 27 2014, 08:34  IST
 

Why Coyote Marketing Is All the Rage for Brands in Need of a Social StrategyFacebook (Profile, how to use Lists, being algorithmic aware)
Pinterest (again curating content & Pin and Board Setup)
Note: as earlier, training and even sharing templates or images of accounts that are good examples of "what to do" including competitors can help your team to get off on the right foot.
Put a line in the sand on what's shareable and what isn't: selfies on Instagram with clothing missing is not cool for the business: sharing pictures of clients at lunch is a good thing on LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and Facebook.
Whether your team is five or fifty know and remember the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Expect some faux pas along the way and manage accordingly. Gentle guidance goes a long way. You want arrows from the front not the back right?
Don't forget your homesteading on social media and rent can and will be advertising at some point to get significant traction. But, get out there now/when/where you can to drive competitive advantage downstream.
No brainer activities for your staff: standing up profiles on the right social platforms, sharing great content in their own words (it's authentic), not PR stuff marketing is shoving down their throats, images from the road, tradeshows, etc. with no more than 15% brand promotions in the content mix.
Success is Really about Content Marketing
You should be sharing promotional content with a rinse and repeat cycle: original blogs 2-4 times per account per day, twice a week for the first 90 day's thereafter then 3-5 times per quarter. Remember, these people are distracted (see: smartphones in hand). Repetition is needed.
Social media content evaporates quickly. If you have a savvy, educated staff that can and wants to write sterling content then use an Editorial Calendar (that's a link to an open download) for scheduling and organization of content marketing activities.
Great content trumps all forms of media: social, advertising, viral videos, staff selfies, ESPN replays, etc. Go to market with incremental content via your staff and syndicate and publish the hell out of it. That's where and how economies of scale tip in your favor.
Nothing Wrong with Starting Ugly - Blow Back from your Staff, Who is on First Issues & Why are We Doing this Again?
Don't over manage this process. Start "ugly" and build out from there. That's not to say if your a public company you can go all in on social media and ignore the lawyers. Don't do that.
Start slow (our mantra is iteration) for a month or two then dig into your analytics and understand if the lights are coming on via some of the staff's hard work.
If nothings working then call an all hands (real world or virtual if need be) and have someone take notes and then distill this shared strategy and start over.
Coyotes are Born Survivors for Good Reasons: they pick their battles carefully (you should too)
Social media platforms are all moving to "pay to play" models. See: publicly held or "talking to investment bankers."
Nothing wrong with their generating revenue. But, know your channel selection(s) are very important and the digital infrastructure under you will change moving forward.
Be mindful of these caveats below and adjust your marketing strategy moving accordingly.
Be a moving target. Nimble brands do much better than static organizations.
Rule #1: "you gotta feed the beast" - yesterday's content is in the rear view mirror and disappearing at warp speed.
Social traffic is not all about "hard" data ROI measurement via analytics or other data driven tools. Consumer sharing and recommendations can drive significant brand value too.
You don't own your content on social platforms: you're homesteading. But, "rent" is cheap if you are doing a great job right? (Traction, shares, comments, traffic, incremental revenue.)
Expect the lines to get more blurred for "paid" vs. organic content costs moving forward.
Understand what your competitors are doing right and wrong and adjust your marketing strategy accordingly.  Don't mirror them; many are lost in the desert.
If you are not publishing content across the social web aggressively you are not going to get heard.
Critical Takeaways
Brand ambassadors are hard to find, even on your own staff and creativity via social media is inherently not a rote process.
Again, expect to mentor and train your staff early on.
Sell, Motivate and Measure Your Team's Social Activities
A heavy handed "we want to see everyone on Facebook" email blast will probably not be a good thing for your staff.
Most of them are working an ungodly amount of hours and you may be adding to the workload.
Analyze your inbound traffic with Google and adjust your strategy based on traffic, bounce rates and conversions.
Thriving on the borders can be a good thing.

Kickstart Your Week with a Happiness Regimenreddit
Good habits are known to increase overall wellbeing and happiness; whether it's engaging in exercise, meditation, or eating well, there are still days you may not feel jovial or serene. Everyone could benefit from jump starting their day with a healthy dose of happiness. As silly as it sounds, focusing on the simple fact that you're alive and breathing can prompt joyousness. While this might sound pollyanna-ish, there's truth to the idea that 'simple pleasures are the best'. Too often we base our happiness on events outside of our control, unattainable physical prowess, interactions with others and material possessions that we can't acquire. If we base our happiness on what others do for us or on an event or occurrence that we expect will bring us happiness, we may inadvertently miss out on feeling joyful. Here are some easy ways to increase your happiness that don't require anyone else's input.
Wake Up and Focus On What You Have Going For You
• Say outloud something that you're supremely grateful for... try doing this at least three times per day (morning, noon and evening and before going to bed)
• Read, think or look at something funny at the beginning of your day to start your day off laughing. Laughing out loud is underrated.  You don't need to wait for a night at a comedy club or with that person who makes you laugh all the time. Find something funny online or even on Facebook. There are so many zany people out there who post wholesome, funny material. Once you find a few of those people, follow them online so you can regularly tap into their humor and awaken your joyous self.
• Realize that you were given the ability to breathe! It's really a miracle to breathe on our own. No one else is required to help you do this and as long as you're not on a breathing machine, (which in itself is amazing) you have the possibility of doing something worthwhile with your life. If you can breathe, there are infinite things you can do with your time. Next, ponder how amazing it is that you have a mind and can think, eyes that can see and a mouth plus vocal chords to speak.  These physical capacities are absolutely mind-blowing with the potential they all have for instigating and perpetuating joy in others and ours lives.
• Watch, listen to or read something that inspires you.  Seek out people who've overcome a struggle or someone whose message is positive and uplifting. Read the book Unbroken: A World War 11 Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. It is a true story of daring, defiance, persistence, ingenuity, and the ferocious will of a man who refused to be broken. It's hard to believe people who have been through so much suffering and trauma could be so incredibly positive and uplifting to listen to.  When you hear someone who has found something positive from a tragedy you can't help but feeling humbled and inspired to feel appreciative for the small things (and big things) that are most important in life that we have and sometimes overlook.
• Read something that educates you on a topic that matters to you and awakens your desire to learn more.  When you learn something new on a topic that matters to you it immediately triggers a happiness button.  You can actually feel empowered and invigorated when you increase your knowledge.
• Find a way to apply this new knowledge to help someone else.
• Create an action plan for the day. Delineate your goals for the day for being productive with your time and include at least one thing you'll do for yourself and one thing that you'll do for someone else. No strings attached.
• Practice giving others the benefit of the doubt who offended you or did something you disapprove of.
• Forgive someone who hurt you who did not ask for forgiveness. This is the most difficult to comprehend and yet one of the most freeing experiences. It allows you to let go of anger that eats away at you and use that energy for other activity.
Many say that true happiness comes from realizing the miracle of being alive and from seeing that everything that is in our life is meant to be there, including the challenges and difficulties we experience.  If we see every challenge that we have as an opportunity for personal growth and attempt to elevate the experience, we may be able to bring lasting joy from the experience. It may be another opportunity to build on our strengths, skills and perhaps on our giving to others. We may never be fully appreciated for the contributions we make, but could still feel uplifted knowing we've done something worthwhile with our time.
Take stock of what you have, notice small things that are going right, look for ways to laugh and things to laugh about, try to increase your knowledge, do something kind for yourself and for someone else everyday. This may awaken happiness deep within your soul. Do everything you can to make today a great and happy day.  Wishing you a happy tomorrow!
View the original post here .
Follow Beth Kuhel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BethKuhel
More:

Standing Up For What We Believe in Is a Little Like Streakingreddit
Courage has many faces.
I'm speaking about personal courage, staring honesty in the face and the boldness to stand up for what we believe.
We have numerous opportunities each day to act on those moments; to step up and really be honest and affirmative for what we believe. Often we stay silent, leave it for another day because it's easier. But those moments, they add up, and silence erodes impact and our self worth. But the bold courage to speak, to stand up - that builds, that creates impact.
I read this on Twitter the other day:
"When you say something honest and hard and important to you: it should feel a little like streaking."
Definitely. Because every time we do it, we are baring ourselves, leading with vulnerability. But its worth it. As destructive as dissembling and deflection can be, the courage to put yourself out there delivers in spades!
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Chennai-born IITian to oversee Google s major products1 month 14 days ago, ET NOW
Indian origin Sundar Pichai made in charge of Google's major products
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 17 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Happy New Year  box office collections fly  but Shah Rukh Khan down in the dumpsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal block e-auction to start soonThe Centre will start e-auction of coal blocks soon, Coal Secretary S. K. Srivastava said here on Monday.
“It will be a successful and comprehensive model,” he said.
To a question on the situation arising out of cancellation of coal blocks, he said the government was trying to resolve problems brought about by internal and external situations. “The government knows that the basic way to resolve the issue is to auction as fast as possible”, he said.
Mr. Srivastava, who was here to launch a pilot for computerised provident fund accounts for coal mine workers, said the e-auction would provide one-time opportunity to interested parties. While he declined to provide any timeline, there are reports that bidding for the de-allocated blocks could be done by December. “The ordinance promulgated by the government takes care of all aspects,” Mr. Srivastava said.
On the issue of penalty, he said as of now there were no indications that the government would file any review petitions on the penalty aspect. “There is little scope,” he observed.
It may be mentioned that apex industry bodies such as the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India has stressed the need for early auction of the 204 cancelled coal blocks so that the existing end-use plants will not be adversely affected.
He said the Coal Mines (Special Provsions) Ordinance provided for “a lot of things, covering all aspects.”

HUL Q2 net up 8.13% at Rs. 988.16 croreUpdated: October 27, 2014 23:58 IST
HUL Q2 profit up 8 %
Special Correspondent
consumer goods
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth
Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) reported net profit of Rs.988 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, as compared to Rs.914 crore in the same period in the previous year up 8 per cent.
During the period net sales increased to Rs. 7,466 crore as compared to Rs. 6,747 crore in the same period last year.
The directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs. 6 per equity share (face value of Re 1 each) for the year ending March 31, 2015.
The company’s top management said, during the quarter, the operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories. Brand investments were sustained at competitive levels across segments.
The impact of rise in input cost continued to be felt during the quarter through higher consumption costs although commodity prices softened towards the end of the quarter, they said.
“In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations has helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins. The consistency of our performance is a reflection of the discipline and rigor with which we are executing our strategy. We will continue to manage our business dynamically for sustained competitive and profitable growth,” said Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL at a press conference.
During the quarter, the company’s domestic consumer sales grew by 10 per cent ahead of the market which was in negative.
The company reported volume growth of five per cent despite the tight market conditions.
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth while in skin care Fair and Lovely and Ponds delivered volume-led double digit growth. In beverages, coffee registered double digit growth. Similarly, the company’s packaged foods and water business also reported double digit growth.
Answering a question on whether market conditions have improved after change in government, HUL Managing Director and CEO Sanjiv Mehta said: “It is too early and we are yet to see clear emerging trend.”
Supplementing this Mr. Manwani said: “We would like to see volume growth but we don’t know what the market is going to be.”
E-commerce strategy
Meanwhile, HUL is also working on its e-commerce strategy. “Globally we recognise that we need to create capabilities in our organisation in e-commerce to be future ready. We have a global dedicated team which is working to bring the best practices in e-commerce and we want to work with our lead partners in this format which can be transformational,” said Mr Manwani.
HUL shares closed with a loss of 4.8 per cent at Rs. 721.90 on the BSE.

Mobile tariffs may go up after next spectrum auctionNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 17:24 IST
Mobile tariffs may go up after next spectrum auction
IANS
telecommunication service
Mobile tariffs are likely to go up after the airwave auction due in Feb 2015 as the industry is reeling under debt, telecom industry body Cellular Operators’ Association of India (COAI) said.
“The debt burden in the sector is huge. It is already around Rs. 250,000 crore and a part of it accrued after the last spectrum auction in Feb 2014. If the airwaves are sold in the upcoming auction in Feb 2015 at the reserve price mentioned by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), then there will be additional debt burden of Rs.40,000-50,000 crore on the telecom sector,” Rajan S. Mathews, director general, COAI told IANS.
“This cost will have to be borne by the consumers finally,” he added.
He said the tariff “will surely go up” but it is difficult to give an estimate by what percentage the tariff may go up. The TRAI on Oct 15 recommended around 10 percent hike in the reserve price for 1800 MHz band spectrum auction over the last winning price in the February 2014 sale.
“In the 900 MHz band, only the spectrum held by them is available for the auction. These licensees will have to win back this spectrum to ensure business continuity in a licence service area (LSA); if they don’t, it places the large investment made in the LSAs in jeopardy,” the TRAI said earlier.
It has set a reserve price of Rs.3,004 crore per mega hertz for bandwidth to be auctioned in 18 service areas for the more efficient 900 Mhz band and Rs.2,138 crore per mega hertz for the 1800 Mhz band.
In the 1800 MHz band, 20 circles are going for auction, while in the 900 Mhz band, 18 circles will be up for sale.
TRAI said: “1.2 MHz spectrum in 900 MHz band should be taken back from BSNL from all the LSAs where licences expire in 2015-16 except in Punjab.”
The revenue target set by the government in 2014-15 Budget from spectrum auction is Rs.45,471 crore. In 2013-14, the auction generated Rs.40,847 crore.
In Feb 2014, in a 10-day auction of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, the government mopped up Rs.61,162 crore.

Syndicate Bank launches two new schemesUpdated: October 27, 2014 18:24 IST
Syndicate Bank launches two new schemes
N. Ravi Kumar
Tweet
Focused on women entrepreneurs and home loans for EWS
A scheme offering loans at concessional rate of interest to women entrepreneurs and a home loan for people belonging to the economically weaker section (EWS) have been launched by Syndicate Bank.
The two schemes were launched to commemorate the foundation day, Syndicate Bank said on Monday. Under ‘SyndMahilaShakthi’, loans to women entrepreneurs will be for setting up units/business and also for those upgrading existing units/business. The loan is also towards meeting working capital limits for both existing and new units.
A maximum loan of up to Rs. 5 crore will be provided at concessional rate of interest. Base rate (presently 10.25 per cent) will apply for loans up to Rs. 10 lakh and no collateral security will be insisted upon. For loans above Rs. 10 lakh, a 0.25 per cent concession on the applicable rate of interest will be provided. No processing and documentation charges will be levied.
‘SyndKuteer’ is a home loan for EWS and low income group (LIG) whose annual income does not exceed Rs. 2 lakh per annum. While EWS applicants are eligible for housing loans up to Rs. 5 lakh, the maximum loan those in the LIG category would get is Rs. 10 lakh. The loan is sanctioned at base rate and no surety is required. There are no processing, documentation and mortgage charges and the legal charges would be borne by the Bank. The loan can be repaid in a maximum period of 30 years.

The 10 most beautiful bicyclesEvolution of Design | 21 August 2014
The 10 most beautiful bicycles
By  Autos Editors
Read more about these links.
Wheels of change
According to the Earth Policy Institute, a US-based environmental advocacy group, bicycle production quadrupled between 1950 and 2007. During the same period, car production merely doubled. It's a trend that continues to this day, accelerated by rising fuel prices and urban congestion. And during the last 10 years, the bicycle has enjoyed something of a renaissance, thanks to ever-greater availability of lightweight materials, advanced safety and comfort features, and electric-motor-assist systems.Bicycles are becoming more beautiful, too. Small manufacturers, custom shops and independent designers are reinventing the humble two-wheeler with cutting-edge shapes and technologies. Herewith, we pick 10 of our favourites. (Photo: Cykno electric cycle, courtesy of Engeenius)
BSG Wood.b Duomatic
Country of origin: France
Details: French bikemaker BSG’s Wood.b line of cycles combine metal pieces with structural components made of exposed ash plywood. The finished product – which is every bit as pricey as it looks – seems closer to art than machinery. Don't be fooled: BSG’s frame promises exceptional durability, and the use of painted aluminium components keeps weight to a manageable 35lbs. This beauty is a beast.
Price: €3190 (about $4230)
Pashley Parabike
Country of origin: UK
Details: Bikemaker Pashley, which has been in business since the days of King George V, is known for its classically styled, eminently English cycles – bikes with Brooks sprung saddles and ding-dong bells and big wicker baskets. Pashley's new Parabike mines British history, as well, albeit a less genteel chapter of it. The cycle recalls a WWII-era two-wheeler called the Airborne bicycle, which was carried into occupied France by British paratroopers. Pashley's version, while not designed with skydiving in mind (the original featured a folding frame that strapped to the 'trooper's body), is a classic in its own right, with a bowed multi-tube frame that is at once nostalgic and forward-thinking.
Price: £545 (about $900)
Vanmoof S Series
Country of origin: Netherlands
Details: Amsterdam's Vanmoof has been colonising the gallery districts of major world capitals since 2009, winning aesthetes over with its bikes' Tinker Toy-like forms, tough materials and emphatically Dutch brand of sprezzatura. The S Series commuter bike builds on the no-frills original cycle without cluttering up the works. An eight-speed Shimano internal hub helps a rider handle hills, while disc brakes provide the stopping power of far more sophisticated – and far pricier – road bikes.
Price: $1,048 (S3 model, 28in wheel)
Donky Bike
Country of origin: UK
Details: The Donky Bike is a nontraditional beauty, to be sure, a bike that prioritises strength, simplicity and urban maneuverability over sensual lines or luxurious trappings. The cycle – which was nominated for a Design of the Year award by London's Design Museum – is BMX-inspired, with tough 20in wheels and a stocky frame bisected by a load-bearing steel beam, upon which are mounted front and rear cargo racks. It's a devoted hauler, but unlike traditional cargo bikes, which can stretch 8 feet or more end to end, the Donky is compact enough to park in the front hallway of a typical city flat.
Price: £499 (about $830)
Viks Steel Urban Cycle
Country of origin: Estonia
Details: It was just a matter of time. Given single-speed cyclists' pathological fixation with minimalism, Estonia's Velonia – a boutique studio founded and manned by Indrek Narusk – has lopped off the seat tube right where it stood. The resulting bicycle, the Viks, is a noodly abstraction fashioned from just two steel tubes, joined at the head tube below the handlebar. Shown above in "Lamborghini Orange" powdercoat, a Viks can be configured for either fixed or freewheel riding, although Narusk cautions that handlebar-mounted brakes are a tricky fit, given the bar's unusual 30mm diameter. Best to go brakeless, in other words.
Price: Contingent on build specification.
GreenChamp Original
Country of origin: Singapore
Details: Youth, said George Bernard Shaw, is wasted on the young. So is this simply beautiful bamboo balance bike, made by Kickstarter-funded GreenChamp. For the uninitiated, a balance bike is a pedal-less two-wheeler intended to teach riding skills more effectively than that traditional staple of childhood, the tricycle. Beyond such worthy considerations as sustainability and carbon footprint, the GreenChamp Original is a triumph of design. Bamboo fibres are infused with honey (yes, honey) to prevent cracking, and the tubes feature dual-wall construction for maximal rigidity. To be young again...
Price: $165
Cherubim HummingBird
Country of origin: Japan
Details: Supplier to the Japanese national cycling team at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City, Cherubim has pride and provenance to spare. Its legacy of steel-frame sculpture is now carried forward by Shinichi Konno, son of company founder Hitoshi Konno. With a taste for retro-tinged velodrome machines that take daring detours – the HummingBird build above forgoes a traditional seat tube and arches its back precariously over the rear wheel – it is safe to assume Shinichi-san is not eyeing Olympic glory. He must content himself knowing that he builds what are widely regarded as the most beautiful bikes in the world.
Price: N/A
Faraday Porteur
Country of origin: US
Details: Electric bicycle builders are getting wise to housing unsightly batteries and motors out of view, yet few builders hide these pedal-power supplements as deftly as Faraday. Based in the cycling mecca of Portland, Oregon, Faraday builds its Porteur utility bikes with lithium-ion batteries packed inside the frame tubes, preserving the cycle's clean, collegiate lines. Up to 15 miles (24km) of electric assist is available at the push of a button, and light-sensing LEDs begin to blink at sunset. Up front, an optional integrated rack is ready to lug the groceries, books and well-cultivated smugness of the lucky rider.
Price: $3,500
Engeenius Cykno
Country of origin: Italy
Details: Never mind the price tag, which is greater than a new Alfa Romeo MiTo: There is nothing sensible about the Cykno electric-assist two-wheeler. This Italian beauty features a monocoque frame, front forks and 26-inch radial-spoke wheels made of carbon fibre composite, which, despite an array of electric-drive hardware, keeps weight to a not-unwieldy 57lbs. The Cykno's leather-wrapped centre section contains a 250- or 500-watt electric motor, a lithium-polymer battery pack and an on-board charger with cable. Full charge from a standard household outlet takes four hours, and the Cykno will cruise in pedal-assist mode for a generous 37 miles – perfect for a long day of Roman roamin'.
Price: $22,000 (est)
World Bicycle Relief Buffalo
Country of origin: Angola/Kenya/South Africa/Zambia/Zimbabwe
Details: To many eyes, the bike you see here is, well, just a bike. But to millions of people across Africa who rely on pedal power to move themselves, their families and their goods, the Buffalo is very beautiful, indeed. The brainchild of the US-based charity World Bicycle Relief, the Buffalo is assembled by trained local workers at facilities in several African nations. From there, the bikes are donated to non-governmental organisations or sold to consumers across the continent. Its prim look, intended to recall classic British touring bikes, belies genuine brawn. Like its bovine namesake, the Buffalo bike is built for the rigors of African use – heavy loads, rough terrain and infrequent maintenance (each one includes a small tool kit and a tire pump).
Price: $150 (est)
*Bonus* The Aeolian Ride
Country of origin: US
Details: Created in 2004 by New York-based multimedia artist Jessica Findley as a response to the destruction wrought in Lower Manhattan three years prior, the Aeolian Ride renders every bicycle, no matter how dilapidated, beautiful. Riders don hoods of Findley's design, which inflate as wind passes through them. The sight of Aeolian riders at night (the name is an allusion to the Greek god of the four winds), their hoods illuminated from within, is at once spectral and cartoonish. Since the inaugural ride, events have taken place in Rio de Janiero, Milan, Hong Kong and Los Angeles, as well as in smaller cities such as Halifax, Nova Scotia, and Bremen, Germany.
Price: Free

Restitution law: Interesting and useful to the few who understand itComments
By Ward Farnsworth (guest-blogging) October 27
Eugene has kindly invited me to blog a bit this week about a new book I’ve written on the law of restitution — a little-studied area of law that every litigator should understand, because it can lead to high-stakes recoveries. If you’re not involved in litigation but you find law interesting, you are likely to find restitution interesting, too. It is full of fascinating puzzles.
Consider what the following three episodes have in common. (a) I steal a hundred dollars from you, bet it at a casino, and win $100,000. Can you collect the $100,000? (b) You pay a judge to secure a favorable result in your case, he doesn’t do what he promised, and you want your money back. Can you get it? (c) I watch you mistakenly build a house on my land, which you think is yours; then I thank you for your generosity and start moving in. Can I get away with it?
To most lawyers and law students these vignettes look unrelated. The first seems to involve a crime or tort, the second a case perhaps from the law of contract, and the third a problem for discussion in a course on property law. But in fact they all are cases where your best bet is a restitution claim. (“Best bet” might seem too strong to describe your prospects for recovery from the judge; but if the payment was his idea, so that it might be described as extortion, your restitution claim is likely a good one.)
Restitution is the mirror image of tort law. You sue in tort to recover for losses that you have suffered. You bring a restitution claim to recover gains that another party has obtained. In some cases it makes no difference which claim you bring, because your losses and the other side’s gains are the same. Or you might prefer a tort claim because your losses are bigger than the defendant’s gains, as usually is true when you suffer damage in an accident. But sometimes going after the defendant’s gains will allow a much bigger recovery, or is the plaintiff’s only way to recover at all.
Restitution is the great overlooked topic in American private law. In this country most students can’t learn about it even if they want to; few schools teach the subject. Students only hear about restitution as the name of an occasional remedy in contract cases. But restitution is the name of a claim, not just a remedy. So lawyers often overlook restitution and sometimes try to use tort and contract to solve problems that restitution law would handle better. Missing or misunderstanding the right to go after a defendant’s gains can be a very expensive oversight. And for the general student of the legal system, you are missing out on some lively fun if you don’t understand how gain-based recoveries work.
Tomorrow I’ll come back to one of those problems mentioned at the start of this entry, and some others.

Heres what happens to your body when you dieBy Rachel Feltman October 27 Follow @rachelfeltman
Even after you depart, there's a lot of chemistry that still goes on inside you. The American Chemical Society and mortician Caitlin Doughty teamed up to explain. (Reactions/American Chemical Society via YouTube)
Just in time for Halloween, it's time to talk about death. The American Chemical Society has a great video (above) on the chemical processes that distinguish the dead from the living.
Cellular death is probably the grossest (but also the most interesting) part of the process: Without oxygen, your cells lose their steam. The so-called powerhouse of the cell, the mitochondria, is usually churning out a chemical called adenosine triphosphate (ATP). But oxygen is a vital component in ATP's production, so your cells' power centers will quit not long after your lungs do.
It's the death and inevitable breakdown of these cells that make your body look cozy to a whole host of new bacteria. And as those bacteria chow down on the remains of your cells, they spit out their own waste — producing the sights and smells of decomposition.
Putrescine and cadaverine are the two compounds associated with corpse smell. Unfortunately, bacteria can also make these compounds show up in the body fluids of living humans  — so if you ever think you reek like the dead, you might want to see your doctor.
If your morbid curiosity is still unsatisfied, you should check out Smoke Gets In Your Eyes , YouTube-famous mortician Caitlin Doughty's new book about working with the dead. You can read a sample online, but fair warning: It's from a chapter dealing with the death of small children.
For a broader take on the posthumous activities your body might partake in, take a look at Stiff. The 2003 book by Mary Roach takes a sweeping look at everything from cadaver farms, where donated bodies rot slowly outside in the name of science, to the use of human bodies as crash-test dummies.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Telangana govt holds meeting with pipe manufacturersTelangana govt holds meeting with pipe manufacturers
BJP only  government to take charge in Maharashtra: leaderBJP only  government to take charge in Maharashtra: leader
Woman and infant son from TN killed by electrocutionWoman and infant son from TN killed by electrocution
Women BJP workers organise cleanliness campaign across IndiaWomen BJP workers organise cleanliness campaign across India
BCT to organise Karthika Pournima Harathi on Nov. 6Updated: October 27, 2014 23:57 IST
BCT to organise ‘Karthika Pournima Harathi’ on Nov. 6
Special Correspondent
Tweet
Former DGP K. Aravinda Rao addressing media conference on behalf of Buddhavarapu Charitable Trust (BCT) on Monday in Rajahmundry on conducting Godavari Haarati Utsav on 6 November. Photo-S. Rambabu
Buddhavarapu Charitable Trust (BCT), which is conducting ‘Godavari Harathi’ on every full-moon day (Pournima) on the banks of the Godavari river on the lines of ‘Ganga Harathi,’ is going to conduct Karthika Pournima Harathi on November 6 in a grand manner this year also.
Announcing this in a press conference, BCT chairman and director S.N. Kumar and Raja said that this was the fifth consecutive year they were conducting the ‘Godavari Harathi’ and the Trust has decided urge the State government to take up ‘Godavari Prakshalan’ on the same way as ‘Ganga Prakshalan’ taken up by the Centre. They said that they have prepared a master plan . “Cleansing the river Ganga has taken up after it was completely polluted. But, we have to take up Godavari Prakshalan at an early stage,” Mr. Kumar said.
Mr. Raja said that on November 6, they were going to arrange a photo, painting exhibition on temples, endowments, tourism, language, culture, agriculture and other traditions along the river Godavari at Pushkara Ghat — the main venue of the Harathi Utsav. He also said that on the same evening, “Big Debate on Clean Godavari” will be held by Journalist Radhakrishna (R.K) of a private T.V. Channel, Pledge by people of Rajahmundry including a large number of students, Ganesh Nrityam by Nrityamala Academy, Hyderabad and Music concert by Bombay Sisters, Chennai. Former DGP K. Aravinda Rao said that he would participate in cleansing Godavari and other programmes and stressed the need to protect the greenery and ecological balance, which our Vedas and Puranas already told. Literary personality Salaka Raghunatha Sarma also participated.

Squawk Alley re-cap: Chains fighting the futuresquawk alley re-cap: chains fighting the future
Rousseff re-elected Brazil prez  pledges big changesRousseff re-elected Brazil prez  pledges big changes
10 Bizarre Ebola  Products  People Are Actually Trying To Sell On The Internetreddit
Anytime Americans start to panic, you safely assume the opportunistic among us will concoct some creative ways to exploit the fear to their own financial benefit.  And when it comes to the most recent Ebola panic, people are getting particularly creative.
And yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
For example, you can now purchase an "Ebola Personal Protection Suit."

Asset quality review: check the fine print© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ad38565e-5d0e-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra Govt swearing-in on Oct 31regional elections
The new leader is expected to meet Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao and stake claim to form the govt.
The new BJP government in Maharashtra will be sworn in on October 31, party sources said here on Monday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the ceremony to be held at Wankhede stadium in south Mumbai, sources said.
BJP’s legislature party leader will be elected on Tuesday at a meeting here.
The new leader is expected to meet Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao and stake claim to form the government. There is no clarity yet on when the meeting with Governor would take place.
BJP’s central observer Rajnath Singh will be present at the legislators’ meeting along with party leaders J.P. Nadda, Om Prakash Mathur and Rajiv Pratap Rudy.

Brazilian real slides after Rousseff winAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

The Symbolic Politics of Climate Diplomacyreddit
Last week, the European Union began the process of setting the agenda for the climate negotiations scheduled for Paris in late 2015. They agreed that by 2030 Europe would cut emissions by 40 percent from 1990 levels. Writing in the New York Times , James Kanter reported that environmental advocates believed the agreement:
...amounted to a weak compromise reflecting the complexity of managing a bloc of 28 member nations with widely varying energy systems. Elements of the deal were watered down to account for countries like Poland that rely on carbon-heavy coal, and for countries like Britain that were unwilling to accept binding targets on such other measures as the percentage of energy that comes from renewable sources and energy efficiency.
As diverse as Europe might be, they are quite homogeneous when compared to the rest of the world. Since China and India emit far more greenhouse gases than Europe and have a great deal of energy-dependent economic development ahead of them, their need for new sources of energy will make the Paris talks an exercise in futility.
As always, these talks will focus the world's attention on the climate crisis, but the fundamental difference in national interest between developing and developed nations makes a meaningful deal impossible. The opportunity for public education and social learning is an important result of the media's focus on these meetings, and so they have an important role to play. Unfortunately, disappointment, frustration and finger-pointing are also inevitable, as is that strong sense of déjà vu that I always get when observing climate diplomacy.
Given their weak record of success, I continue to wonder why so much time and effort is devoted to these ineffectual talks. I can only assume that there is some political benefit to elected leaders that participate in climate negotiations. I suppose there is the inevitable photo-op of the leaders discussing the state of play with overly caffeinated staff who have negotiated arcane and meaningless treaty provisions well into the evening. Elected leaders are also able to demonstrate that they did the "best they could do" -- whatever "best" might mean. In my view, these negotiations are exercises in political symbolism: they give the appearance of being substantive, but little happens. You might equate this type of policy process to a crustless pie with a tasteless filler.
As long as nation-states have distinctly different levels of energy-dependent economic development, and their self-interests are so varied, there is really no basis for the mutuality of interest required for a meaningful treaty. This is not to say there is no hope of addressing the climate crisis, just that the conditions for effective global diplomacy do not seem to be present.
The actions that will address the climate crisis will largely take place within nation-states, and for reasons that are only indirectly related to climate change. In China, the extreme dependence on coal for energy was a necessity if that country was to develop as quickly as it wanted and needed to develop. But the result has been some of the worst air quality in modern history. China's air quality crisis is similar to America's at the time we enacted national ambient air quality standards in 1970. In many respects, it is worse than the air pollution we experienced. A massive national effort to reduce air pollution is inevitable in China. That will require reductions in the use of coal as a primary fuel. The coming reduction in air pollution may well have the side-effect of reducing the projected growth of greenhouse gases in China.
Here in the United States, a large number of cities, corporations and non-profit institutions are moving to increase their use of renewable energy and are taking steps to make their buildings and vehicles more energy-efficient. Some of this is driven by an effort to reduce costs and make energy systems less centralized and more resilient. As technologies advance in information, communications, and manufacturing, energy stands out as an old-fashioned, highly centralized, technological backwater, ripe for innovation and cost reduction. We are hearing more boardroom discussion of smart grid technologies, distributed generation of energy, energy efficiency and innovative models of financing renewable energy systems. Efforts to improve energy efficiency are increasingly common in cities, companies, universities and hospitals. One of the most effective ways of reducing the cost of cloud computing is to reduce the amount of energy used to run and cool data server farms.
These efforts to modernize the American energy system -- to reduce costs and increase reliability and resiliency -- have the effect of reducing fossil fuel use and the release of greenhouse gases. While "reducing our carbon footprint" is often given as one of the rationales for these actions, in truth, these carbon reductions are a byproduct of the accomplishment of other goals.
I am coming to the conclusion that the climate problem will be addressed indirectly, largely by modernizing our energy system. The positive value of a lower cost, renewable, less polluting, more reliable and decentralized energy system is an easier sell than the negative politics of carbon reduction. One argument focuses on what we get, the other on what we must give up. It's not hard to figure out which argument is more attractive to politicos.
At the risk of redundancy, I'll repeat my basic analysis of the politics of climate change and the American policy direction I consider feasible:
Energy is the central element of economic growth in the developed and developing world. The drive for reliable, low-cost and plentiful energy is central to modern economic life.
Economic growth is required for political stability and, therefore, energy is required for political stability and for political regimes to remain in power.
No national leader will risk economic decline by significantly raising the price of energy.
While short-term energy prices are volatile and can come down for a variety of reasons (such as fracking), fossil fuels are finite and therefore over the long run are subject to shortages and rising prices. Even in a global economy, some nations have easier access to fossil fuels than others.
It is in America's long-term national political and economic interest to develop a renewable alternative to fossil fuels.
An energy policy that created a low-priced, convenient and reliable alternative to fossil fuels could drive fossil fuels from the market, reduce energy prices, stimulate economic growth, increase the popularity of elected leaders and end the climate crisis.
One way to develop new renewable energy technology is to fund the basic science and applied engineering of energy production, transmission and storage, and to also fund the infrastructure needed to efficiently deliver this energy.
In other words, the climate crisis requires a technological fix, not a diplomatic one. When new transformative technologies are developed, there will be a role for diplomacy in ensuring effective transfer of this technology to the developing world. Diplomats can meet in Paris, Copenhagen, Rio, Kyoto, or even Brooklyn, to discuss how these new technologies can be financed in return for mothballing fossil fuel extraction and energy production facilities. At that point there will be shared national interest. Our private sector will want to export these technologies and our government will want to reduce the disruptive impact of climate change. The developing world will want to reduce their energy costs and air pollution by adopting new renewable energy technology. That would be a treaty worth negotiating. The symbolism, media frenzy and futility of today's climate talks could then be replaced by the kind of quiet deal making that engenders real change because it is based on mutual self-interest. But before opening up negotiations, we need to fund and open up more laboratories. That's where we'll find the answer to the climate crisis.
Follow Steven Cohen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StevenACohen
More:

Former UBS banker to lead Deutsche BrseKengeter to become chief executive at Deutsche Börse
Daniel Schäfer in London and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a062460-5dcc-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

(Process) Rules Are Made to Be BrokenBy Romolo Tavani, via ThinkStock
By Ruth Henderson, President & Co-Founder, Whiteboard Consulting Group Inc.
It's true. Rules are made to be broken. Even in the world of Process Improvement.
"Wait, what?" you ask. "But Ruth, process improvement is all about rules and statistics and doing things the same way every time, yada yada yada. You're contradicting the very foundation of what you teach!"
Ah, nothing is so black and white, grasshopper. Hear me out.
Process Improvement is Changing
In my process career I have witnessed and/or been part of many process improvement initiatives -- big, small, fully funded and supported, done "off the corner of a desk," successful, and unsuccessful.
The two things that made the difference between success and failure -- in addition to the usuals of effective communication, engagement, and senior management commitment -- were:
Early evidence that the new methods work and are worth the effort, and
The ability to be flexible and change your mind.
And this last one, flexibility, seems to be growing in importance. In fact, it also influences the first one - "evidence of success."
Traditional and, dare I say it, soon to become "old school" methodologies like Six Sigma and to some extent Lean, are based on strict methodologies that work really well in some organizations -- usually those in a manufacturing or highly repetitive/operational industry. In other industries, particularly serviced-based, these methods have a more difficult time taking root. It's not impossible, and there are many very successful examples - but it is harder.
It's OK to Change Your Mind - Just Don't Squirrel
When Nicole and I teach The Whiteboard Way to aspiring process-improvement practitioners, we are careful to point out the need to be flexible, and to change things along the way if they aren't working. The ability to do this is refreshing to people who are often nervous about adopting a new method, or taking on "this process stuff."
I recently did some strategic planning with a client -- he was a little nervous about planning tactics for goals that were 12-24 months out. "Things can change, Ruth," he said. And he was right. That's why it's important to have a plan and a process, and then if (when) things change you can make intentional decisions to veer away from or modify the plan. But, the modification is then intentional, not just because you saw a fun-looking squirrel and decided to run after it like the dog in the movie Up ( love this clip ). Some people do this so frequently, that Nicole and I actually use "squirrelling" as a verb.
In the Four Disciplines of Execution , Sean Covey stresses the importance of using and tracking lead measures -- those which you can influence and which drive the progress towards a goal - in the execution of a goal or strategy. His theory is that a "cadence of accountability" ensures that people develop the habit of reviewing their commitments and assessing whether those tactics (or lead measures) are making the progress they expected. If they're not, then they change the tactics and the things they measure until it has the desired result.
Combining traditional process improvement tools with modern theories about being flexible yet accountable is the new way to facilitate and teach process improvement in organizations. If done right, this approach will generate increased engagement and better results.
Ruth Henderson is one of the Founders of Whiteboard Consulting Group Inc., and an experienced blogger. You can read more blog posts at www.whiteboardconsulting.ca, or follow her on Twitter @whiteboardcons.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Stocks suffer as US oil prices slideEnergy stocks fall as crude prices dip
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59ed8e-5d82-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank CEO meets ModiSoftBank CEO meets Modi
Wealth funds missing governance targetsQIA leads fund rankings for missing Santiago governance standards
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6000716-5b81-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Libya strife shows perils of impartiality© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/463c8254-5ddb-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HUL posts 8% rise in net  sees softer demand aheadHUL posts 8% rise in net  sees softer demand ahead
ONGC western offshore assets see 11% rise in crude oil productionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Widows of farmers take to the streetsUpdated: October 28, 2014 00:21 IST
Widows of farmers take to the streets
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu
Widows of farmers, who committed suicide, staging a protest at collectorate in Nalgonda on Monday. demanding the ex-gratia Photo:Singam Venkataramana
Allege that officials are denying them ex gratia and other benefits
The widows of farmers who committed suicide complained that the district administration is denying them ex gratia and other benefits given to the kin of victims by refusing to recognise the death of their husbands as those of farmers’ suicide.
Widows and family members of suicide victims led by Human Rights Fourm (HRF) leaders have staged a protest before district collectorate here on Monday and presented a representation to officials during the grievances day on Monday.
Speaking to The Hindu, Joythi (45), widow of Reddymasu Levan, and native of Kammagudem village of Kattangur mandal, said that her husband died on October 29, 2013 by consuming pesticide as their cotton fields were damaged due to heavy rains in the last week of October. Though Reddymasu Levan, a tenant farmer, cultivated cotton in 10 acres in hired land, his widow, said the authorities never visited their house for verification.
The case of Gandicheruvu Sumalatha, 25, from Kakulakondaram village, is also similar. Her husband, Narasimhulu, also committed suicide by consuming pesticide last year, but officials paid her no ex gratia.
HRF State secretary G. Mohan said that a three-member committee comprising respective RDO, DSP and Assistant Director of Agriculture Department should visit the houses of victims for verification, according to GO No. 421 issued by State government in 2004, but in most of the cases the committee never did that. Mr. Mohan further said that the State government is trying to hush up the number of suicides. According to GO, he said that the government should pay Rs. 1 lakh ex gratia, besides one-time loan settlement up to a sum of Rs. 50,000. “The kin should be given priority while implementing all the welfare schemes initiated by State and Centre, besides the children should be admitted in government welfare hostels to provide free education, he said. Recently, a fact finding committee led by district president of HRF, Ch. Guravaiah, visited families of 24 suicide victims who have revealed that they were denied the benefits without proper verification. HRF activist N. Sulochana, said the State government paid ex-gratia to only 480 families against 1,887 farmers who committed suicide, as recorded by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) between 1999 and 2012.

Oil supply showdown: Shale vs. OPECoil supply showdown: shale vs. opec
Black money: Govt affidavit names seven persons a mining firm; no politician in first listBlack money: Govt affidavit names seven persons a mining firm; no politician in first list
Tata Power to Speed Up $1.8-Billion Vietnam StationTata Power to Speed Up $1.8-Billion Vietnam Station
Goa Cong dubs black money disclosure as selective blackmailingGoa Cong dubs black money disclosure as selective blackmailing
India s GDP may grow 5.6% in FY15 riding GST  says WBIndia s GDP may grow 5.6% in FY15 riding GST  says WB
Oprah Winfrey takes $7.75 million Water Tower Place condo off the marketOprah Winfrey takes $7.75 million Water Tower Place condo off the market
Oprah Winfrey
Brian Snyder / Reuters
Oprah Winfrey accepts a W.E.B. Du Bois Medal at the Hutchins Center Honors at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts September 30, 2014.
Oprah Winfrey accepts a W.E.B. Du Bois Medal at the Hutchins Center Honors at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts September 30, 2014. (Brian Snyder / Reuters)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Oprah Winfrey takes $7.75 million Water Tower Place condo off the market
Oprah Winfrey has had a change of heart.
8
After listing her massive, customized duplex condominium unit in Water Tower Place on the market for more than six months for $7.75 million, the media mogul and former talk-show queen recently took the 9,625-square-foot spread off the market, keeping it for personal use, according to a spokeswoman.
Winfrey’s listing of the unit early this year had been long expected, as she ended her eponymous talk show here in 2011. She increasingly has spent more of her time at her estates in Montecito, Calif., and Hawaii.
  Open link
Her Harpo production company had cut back its use of her 170,000-square-foot, 3.48-acre Harpo Studios campus on the Near West Side, and several months ago she sold the studio campus to developer Sterling Bay for $30.5 million in a sale and lease-back transaction.
Now, despite her diminished time in Chicago, a spokeswoman for Winfrey told Elite Street that Winfrey is not done with the unit after all.

Even Bankers See a Risk in Rising Wealth Gapeven bankers see a risk in rising wealth gap
Editorial: M-Powering IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pensions forced to sign non-disclosure deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94524a60-5b96-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

John Plender: Trustees of the non-financial revolution© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37d8339c-5936-11e4-a33c-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should wise investors follow their starShould wise investors follow their star?
Sophia Grene
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5133df3a-546d-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big tech start-ups bypass Silicon Valley© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3def41ce-5ac8-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moving the discourse to ground zeroUpdated: October 27, 2014 15:28 IST
Moving the discourse to ground zero
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
PTI
The most lasting effects of firings along the LoC are felt by the people of Jammu and Kashmir who bear the brunt of all the tensions between India and Pakistan. Picture shows a boundary wall of a house along the border.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
With tensions along the LoC, the centre of gravity for the resolution of the Kashmir dispute has moved away from Jammu and Kashmir, both geographically and mentally
When two elephants fight, goes the oft-repeated cliché, it is the grass that gets trampled on. The recent firing along the Line of Control (LoC) and International Border (IB) between India and Pakistan has caused the deaths of both soldiers and civilians, has set back dialogue and left the Kashmir resolution process gravely wounded. The most lasting effects of these will no doubt be felt by the people of Jammu and Kashmir who bear the brunt of all the tensions between the two countries. In more than a decade of the ceasefire holding, farmers had resumed planting crops, schools had sprung back to life, and many villages were repopulated along the LoC, outcomes that are endangered now. But what has affected the State the most is that as a result of such tensions, the centre of gravity for the resolution of the Kashmir dispute has moved away from Jammu and Srinagar, Poonch and Rajouri, both geographically and mentally.
Away from a resolution
Consider for example the crisis from August to October this year. As the firing progressed and artillery guns were deployed, the discourse moved away from the purview of local commanders. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government issued orders that the local Border Security Force (BSF) commanders must not accede to a flag meeting, and firing should persist. Orders from Pakistan were sharp too, as the Army kept the barrage going on its side. Fairly soon, New Delhi and Rawalpindi were engaging each other, and the messaging had deeper undertones. It was clear that Pakistan’s Army was testing the new Indian government, raising firing levels in the pre-winter shooting season. And the new Indian government was letting Pakistan know there is zero-tolerance in its working style. This was reflected in the India-Pakistan Foreign Secretary talks being cancelled over a meeting with Hurriyat leaders, while the firing over the LoC/IB resumed, according to a senior Defence ministry official, “in double measure.”
“In a gloomy scenario, the most positive sign was Mr. Modi’s decision to spend Diwali with flood victims in Kashmir, which is a direct reach out from New Delhi to Jammu and Srinagar”
Meanwhile, politicians were taking the discourse even further away from ground zero. Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked Pakistan at election rallies in Maharashtra and Haryana. Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke of giving a “muh tod jawab” to the neighbour while opposition leader Rahul Gandhi demanded “more action.” In Pakistan, opposition leader Bilawal Bhutto sought to “take back every inch of Kashmir.” Interestingly, he referred to Kashmir as another province of Pakistan, one which he and the Pakistan Peoples Party would “take from India.” Clearly the speeches had nothing to do with a resolution and more to do with political gains. The floods that paralysed the Kashmir Valley had a similar effect. They only reinforced how important the roles of New Delhi and Islamabad are to shore up Srinagar and Muzaffarabad which are helpless in times of disaster.
In the aftermath of the ceasefire violations, Pakistan decided to move even further afield, with a focus on the U.N.’s role in the conflict. First, at the United Nations General Assembly, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif mentioned a plebiscite and made references to violence against Kashmiri women “in particular,” followed by Pakistan’s interventions in Kashmir at the U.N. (Decolonisation) Committee. Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz spoke to the U.N. Secretary General and wrote to the U.N. several times linking the border firing with the resolution of the Kashmir dispute. Clearly, the idea is to “internationalise” the Kashmir conflict, as it had been two decades ago, before former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh charted a new course in bilateral engagements.
It was this new course, the “four-step,” that saw a slew of measures that brought relative peace to Kashmir over the past decade. The November 2003 ceasefire allowed India to complete its fencing of the LoC and stop infiltrations from Pakistan, and the demilitarisation of cities in the Valley saw the strengthening of local police and paramilitary, repopulating of border areas, and a drastic drop in complaints of human rights violations. The cross-LoC bus and opening of trade allowed the reunification of many families from both sides of the border.
Finally, what was important was that for the 10 years or so when the ideas of resolution swirled around, no one — not Pakistan’s new leadership, not India’s strategic community, not even Kashmir’s angry youth — actually rejected the four-step or suggested a return to violence. Even when protests boiled over in the summers of 2008-2010, protesters never picked up more than a stone. One reason is clearly that each of the measures listed dealt with ameliorating the lives of the people in Jammu and Kashmir. Islamabad may not have followed suit in the same way for people on its side of the LoC, but New Delhi focussed on the people of the State, and that effort seemed to pay off.
Unfortunately, the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) lost that focus. Battered by corruption allegations against his government and by State election results, Dr. Singh began to take the narrative away from the Valley and his “round-table” talks. Perhaps the clearest sign that the people of Jammu and Kashmir had receded in New Delhi’s calculus was the hanging of Afzal Guru. The decision to pull him out of the government’s “numbered list” for the death row, without allowance for appeals and without notice to his family, which the UPA had done even in the case of 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab, was an illogical if not an illegal act. Some even suggested it was cynical and was aimed at sending a message of “toughness” to the Congress party’s political opponents. Whatever the cause, it was certainly not aimed at assisting a Kashmir resolution, and the centre of gravity once again shifted away from the people of the State.
The real irony is that the resolution of the Kashmir dispute shouldn’t actually take anyone far from the position today. No matter how many years Pakistan tries its war of a thousand cuts, or Indian Parliament passes resolutions on owning “all of Kashmir,” what is on the ground will remain. The LoC with its fences, outposts, and crossing points, is for all practical purposes a border, and only an unconscionable amount of bloodletting could change even a millimetre of it. When Kashmiris travel from one side of the LoC to the other, they show as identification passports of India and Pakistan, something both countries have acceded to. The so-called “third option” — that of an independent Kashmir — is a red herring, as it was never offered by the British in 1947, nor would any referendum in the State include it as a possibility.
Proposing another fence
It is now important for both countries to put a stop to the slide they have made away from a resolution. The greatest tragedy in the years 2003-2008 when they were making progress was that no attempt was made by either Gen. Musharraf or Dr. Singh to educate people on what had been planned. It is also worth consolidating on the gains of the ceasefire line and propose another fence a few kilometres behind the present one, on the lines of a demilitarised zone. The eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation that India and Pakistan have is outdated in the age of sensors and drone technology, only leading to the loss of lives and a blame game.
In this gloomy scenario, the most positive sign has been Mr. Modi’s decision to spend Diwali with flood victims in Kashmir. The move, coming on the heels of two previous visits to the State, is the one signal of a direct reach out from New Delhi to Jammu and Kashmir. Sooner or later, the two governments will also have to revert to talks that would discuss terrorism and the resolution of Kashmir — the essence of the India-Pakistan dispute. If the desired outcome is only a peaceful version of the present situation on our common borders, the earlier we begin to reverse-engineer the resolution that is holding back both countries, the better.
suhasini.h@thehindu.co.in

Electricity Act to get a facelift for reformE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Another round of electionsUpdated: October 27, 2014 01:00 IST
Another round of elections
election
Kashmir is still recovering from the devastation of the recent floods; the State and Central governments are still involved in relief and rehabilitation operations. But extraordinary as these circumstances are in the Valley, deferring the Assembly election in Jammu and Kashmir was never an option before the Election Commission. Any postponement of the election process would only have added a political dimension to the administrative crisis in the State, stretching further the already strained capabilities of the National Conference government. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah appeared to have been motivated by the rationale of his own political survival when he mooted the deferring of the election in order to better deal with the flood crisis. In view of security considerations — militancy in Kashmir and Maoism in Jharkhand — the polls are spread over five phases beginning November 25 and ending on December 20. As in the Lok Sabha election, in J&K, the People’s Democratic Party is expected to eat into the vote share of the National Conference, and the Bharatiya Janata Party may again raid the Congress strongholds. The break-up of the NC-Congress alliance is of little consequence, and the interest in the election is whether the Congress would win enough seats to remain a player for power in the post-election scenario. The PDP and the Congress have been partners in government before, and in the event of a fractured mandate in J&K, another political churning is quite likely.
In Jharkhand, the question is whether the BJP will be able to repeat its performance in the Lok Sabha election and get a majority of its own. After having won 12 of the 14 Lok Sabha seats, the BJP is the overwhelming favourite. Although the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha is at present in alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal, the three parties might go their separate ways in the Assembly election. Differences over seat sharing aside, the parties are by no means natural allies. Jharkhand has seen several combinations of parties in power, and the JMM, especially, has shown a readiness to make friends with any party for the sake of sharing power. The Congress and the RJD have stakes in Bihar too, but the national party might see little merit in playing the role of a junior partner in a JMM-led coalition in a low-stakes election. For the BJP, it is important to keep up the winning momentum. Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the BJP is now a centralised organisation. Just as he and his core team take credit for every success, they will be conscious that the blame for a defeat too will lie on them alone. But that seems to be a situation very much to the liking of Mr. Modi who is not averse to risk-taking.

Black money case: Dabur promoter Burmans say foreign bank account legalAsian companies in a new age
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrowm FMCG major although he was once a whole time director of Dabur India. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
New Delhi: With one of its members, Pradip Burman , being named as an account holder in a foreign bank in the black money issue in an affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, Dabur India promoter family, Burmans on Monday said the account complied with all legal requirements.
“We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account,” a Dabur spokesperson said in a statement.
“We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable,” he added.
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrowm fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) major although he was once a whole time director of Dabur India.
Regretting that there was a lack of differentiation between legal and illegal foreign bank account holders, the spokesperson further said, “It is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush. The Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels,” the spokesperson added.

Why we should not hang Surinder KoliEYE BROWSE
Why We Should Not Hang Surinder Koli
The Supreme Court will hear Surinder Koli’s final plea in one of the Nithari murders cases this week, failing which he will be executed. His death will ensure that the rest of the Nithari cases will forever remain a blur. There remain several holes in the investigation against him that raise serious doubts about his guilt, but are we willing to listen?
By Dilip D’Souza | Grist Media –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
(Courtesy: AFP Photo)
A man may be executed, perhaps in as soon as a few days, for some pretty ghastly crimes. Why should this matter to you, you ask. He committed them, he was tried and found guilty, he's been sentenced, let him fry! Or hang.
But what if I told you a few things:
* He was accused in over a dozen cases of murder. Only one trial has actually been completed as well as confirmed by the High Court – the one in which he was sentenced to death. That is, legally he has only ever been sentenced for one murder (see note below). Yet when his appeal against his sentence went to the Supreme Court and was denied, the judges wrote : “The appellant appears to be a serial killer.” One murder, and he's a serial killer?
* The whole case against the man rests on his confession made to the
police after two months in custody, during which, he says in the confession, he was severely tortured.Section 24 of the Indian Evidence Act says such confessions are inadmissible in a trial.
* A doctor who examined the dead bodies remarked on how they were missing their torsos, how they were sliced with "surgical precision," and strongly suggested that there was an alternative explanation for these killings: an organ trade racket.
Should we let him hang, still? Or is that certainty marred by a few tiny cracks?
A quick recap might be in order: The man we're talking about is Surinder Koli, and the cases we're talking about are the infamous Nithari murders, with their gruesome rumors of mutilation, necrophilia and cannibalism. Koli was the domestic servant in Moninder Singh Pandher's home in Nithari village, Noida. Children and young women had been disappearing in the area for months, their families registering complaints with the police starting in 2005. In late 2006, the police arrested Koli as a suspect in the disappearance of a girl. He eventually confessed to the murder, saying he had chopped her body into pieces and flung them behind Pandher's house into a drain there. When he took the police there, they found several skulls, bones, slippers and items of clothing, and also recovered two knives from Pandher's house.
The police framed charges against Koli and Pandher. In February 2009, the trial court in Ghaziabad sentenced both men to death for the murder of a girl called Rimpa Haldar. In September that year, the Allahabad High Court allowed Pandher's appeal against his death sentence, thus setting aside his death sentence. But it dismissed Koli's appeal. In February 2011, the Supreme Court too dismissed Koli's appeal, saying "no mercy can be shown" to him. Various other avenues to overturn Koli's death sentence have also been explored, with no success. This week, the Supreme Court will hear one final plea to review certain aspects of his case. If that fails, Koli has no options left and will be executed.
* * *
Let's be clear: several young women and children were indeed killed and parts of their bodies found near Pandher's home in Nithari. That truth is not in any dispute. But there are questions – too many questions – about how the investigation has proceeded. Consider some of these:
1. In January 2007, only days after this whole horrific story hit the headlines, the Ministry of Women and Child Development (WCD) assembled a committee "to investigate into allegations of large-scale sexual abuse, rape and murder" in Nithari. The committee's members were all senior bureaucrats. On their visits to Nithari, the police told them that they had identified 17 victims from the skulls and bones found in the ditches near Pandher's house.
The committee raised several disturbing points about the bodies. The doctor who supervised the postmortems, Vinod Kumar, told them that "it was intriguing to observe that all middle part of all bodies (torsos) was missing…[this] gives rise to a suspicion that wrongful use of bodies for organ sale etc could be possible. …[T]he surgical precision with which the bodies were cut also pointed to this fact."
Not only that, Dr Kumar also pointed out that it takes up to three years for a body to decompose. How then were only the "bare bones" of these victims found, less than a year after their murders? Dr Kumar "did not favor the theory of cannibalism as it could be a ruse to divert attention from the missing parts of the bodies."
Because of what Dr Kumar said, the WCD Committee recommended that "the CBI should look into all angles including organ trade…there is need to study the organ transplant records of all hospitals in Noida."
Now consider this in the light of what prosecution witness Ramesh Prasad Sharma deposed during the Ghaziabad trial, as recorded in the Allahabad High Court's order about the appeals. Sharma was the cook of Pandher's immediate neighbor in Nithari, one Dr Naveen Chaudhary. He lived in a neighboring bungalow that overlooked the same ditch where the bodies were found.
Sharma told the court that he knew "that his master was arrested in the year 1997 in some kidney scam matter."
Let's understand: Pandher and Koli's next-door neighbor was once arrested for organ trading.
And yet the entire organ trade angle was never investigated in the Nithari cases.
2. The trial court observed that there were no eyewitnesses to the murders – naturally – and so the prosecution relied, in its case against Koli, on what the trial court Judge called "the admission made by the accused" while in the custody of the police.
As every Indian criminal lawyer knows, this must immediately attract our attention to Section 24 of the Indian Evidence Act, which could not be clearer: "A confession made by an accused person is irrelevant in a criminal proceeding, if the making of the confession appears to the Court to have been caused by any inducement, threat or promise."
All we've ever heard and know about how the police treats people in custody should tell us something about the possible inducements, threats and violence brought upon Koli. But we don’t have to draw conclusions only from such assumptions – Koli himself repeatedly mentions in his confession that the police tortured and tutored him.
For example: "The [UP] police have got me to memorize all the names…when [they] arrested me they made me see these photos again and again and told me the names of these people." (In his original Hindi: "Naam mein photo dekh kar ke naam ko sab mera ye police ne ratvaya hai…UP Police ne jab mereko pakda tha us time mein matlab ki inhone mere ko ye saare photo dekh dekh kar sab ka inka naam wagarah…matlab ki iska ye naam hai.")
There is also evidence of tutoring in how Koli describes each crime: he made the victim unconscious, tried to have sex with her which was unsuccessful, strangled her, took the body up to the bathroom, came down, took a knife from the kitchen, chopped the corpse, ate a piece or two, put the pieces in plastic bags, threw the bags behind the house at night, washed the bathroom.
Seventeen murders, and he describes them all in terms that are similar nearly to the point of being identical.
Koli goes on to say in his confession that the police tortured him: "Of these there were 2-3 photos I mean, of those, I was tortured a lot and only then, I mean, they made me confess…I was made to suffer a lot of torture." ("Jisme se do teen photo aisi thi matlab usme mereko kaafi torture kiya aur tab ja kar ke matlab jo inhone mere ko kabool karvai thi…bohot jyada torture kiya gaya tha.")
It is for exactly these reasons that the Evidence Act rules such confessions inadmissible, and Koli's should have been rejected right away. Koli's lawyer made this point during the trial: "The entire committal statement becomes void and in the eyes of the law it is a futile statement and nothing can be concluded ... as there is no legal value of the statement made during the police custody."
Yet the trial court Judge stated: "I fully disagree with this argument." Thus she allowed it as, in her words, "sufficient proof of the crime."
3. Now, if the confession is treated as true, it's worth at least thinking about what it implies. Koli speaks in it of how Pandher would bring sex workers to the house. Watching them with Pandher, serving food to them, "pressure built in my mind for sex…wrong feelings came in my mind…kill someone and hack…that kind of bad feelings started coming in my mind." When Pandher was forced, because of a guest in the house, to desist from bringing sex workers home, Koli says he was fine. But these thoughts would resume once the guest left and Pandher started with sex workers once more.
There is reason to treat this as talk from a seriously disturbed mind. It is at least worth considering that this is a man with a mental health problem, with a mind he has little control over that gets triggered by certain circumstances. He deserves a proper medical examination to ascertain his mental health. Whom does it serve to execute such a man instead of at least letting a doctor see him?
4. The trial court has convicted Koli (and Pandher) in just one murder case that has so far been confirmed by the High Court – of a young woman called Rimpa Halder. That is, what has only ever been proved to the satisfaction of our justice system is that Koli committed this one murder of Haldar (Pandher was subsequently acquitted by the High Court). The other murder cases are still pending either trial or confirmation (see note below).
While hearing their appeal, the High Court underlined this very point about Haldar’s case: "The findings recorded by us are only confined to the murder of Rimpa Haldar and the court below shall not be import any observation/comments in the body of this judgement for being applied to the decision while hearing other cases relating to Nithari incident."
For all we know, if Koli is ever tried in all those cases, he could conceivably prove his innocence in one or more.
Yet that possibility was shot down when the Supreme Court heard Koli's appeal – his appeal, remember, in the completed murder trial of Rimpa Haldar. The Supreme Court order explicitly, but inexplicably, proclaims Koli's guilt in all the other cases too: "The appellant appears to be a serial killer. The killings by the appellant are horrifying and barbaric. He used a definite methodology in committing these murders."
How did the Supreme Court arrive at such a conclusion about cases that have not even been tried or confirmed yet? Did the court’s observation not effectively render those other cases irrelevant?
* * *
There are these and plenty more cracks in Koli’s case that several other reports have pointed out: that Koli told the Supreme Court that his toenails and fingernails were missing at the time of his confession, which was evidence of his being tortured. That children continued to disappear in that Noida area even after Koli's arrest. That the police claim 16 murders while the media had reported 19 skeletons.
But perhaps it comes down to this: faced with these ghastly crimes, what do we really want? Justice, so that they never happen again? Or revenge?
Note: Koli has been convicted and sentenced to death by trial courts in four other Nithari cases. In none of these has the conviction and sentence yet been confirmed by the High Court (as it has been in Rimpa Haldar’s case). When a death sentence is handed down, such a confirmation is mandatory; without it, the trial court’s judgment has no legal effect.
Dilip D'Souza writes to keep his cats fed. This pursuit has resulted in five books (most recently, “Final Test: Exit Sachin Tendulkar” and "The Curious Case of Binayak Sen") and several writing awards (the Newsweek/Daily Beast Prize and the Outlook/Picador prize, among others). The cats seem happy. Follow him @DeathEndsFun .
Recommend

MPS shares tumble 20% after failing testDownload
Monte dei Paschi shares tumble 20%
Sam Fleming, Martin Arnold and Arash Massoudi in London, James Politi in Milan, and Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cef31d5c-5cfe-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Photos of the week: 20 images that made headlinesCrime
Pictures of the Week
Indian soldiers celebrate Diwali at the border post, Sania Mirza celebrates another WTA tennis finals win, clash between pro-democracy and anti-Occupy protesters in China - here are some of the captivating images that made headlines past week.
Smoke and flames rise following an explosion in the Syrian town of Kobane, also known as Ain al-Arab, as seen from the southeastern Turkish village of Mursitpinar in the Sanliurfa province on October ... more 
Smoke and flames rise following an explosion in the Syrian town of Kobane, also known as Ain al-Arab, as seen from the southeastern Turkish village of Mursitpinar in the Sanliurfa province on October 20, 2014. Turkey dropped its refusal to allow Kurdish fighters over the border to defend the besieged Syrian town of Kobane, saying it was now helping Iraqi peshmerga to cross the frontier in a major policy shift. AFP PHOTO / BULENT KILIC less 
1 / 19
Yahoo India | Photo by AFP
Mon 27 Oct, 2014 11:30 AM IST

Apps at the heart of new age of medicine© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4aa434ea-4562-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finding failure in the art of persuasionFinding failure in the art of persuasion
Patti Waldmeir
A how-to guide to Chinese creativity is not sending the right message, writes Patti Waldmeir
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/857c63c4-5b7b-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt reveals 8 more names to apex court in black moneycasePrint
Attorney General Mukul Rohatagi while addressing the media, after a hearing on black money outside the Supreme Court, in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 1:12 pm
The government on Monday disclosed in the Supreme Court eight more names against whom it has initiated prosecution under the Income Tax Act for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Those who have been named are: Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, bullion trader Pankaj Chamanlal Lodhiya, Goa mining company Timblo Private Ltd and five of its directors — Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. The names were received from French authorities and other countries.
Promising to disclose more names in future, the government said in its affidavit that it was “keen to unearth black money held abroad” and it would “use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigating agencies to obtain information that could assist in such unearthing.”
READ: Centre to name only those having ‘prosecutable evidence’, says Jaitley
Stating that it had “absolutely no intention” of withholding such information, the government said it, however, wanted “certain clarification” to enable it to enter into and further honour its agreements with other countries.
While the Supreme Court, in its 2011 order, had directed complete disclosure of information on people who have black money abroad, the government today made it clear that it was open to disclosing information received under tax treaties only “after following the due process of law, in all cases where evasion of tax is established.” It said information would become public only after “investigations are complete and a complaint/ prosecution is filed in a competent court.”
Further, the government said no names could be disclosed even in a proceeding instituted through a PIL “unless there is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing”.
The affidavit also said that every account held by an Indian in a foreign bank may not be illegal and the fundamental right to privacy under Article 21 could not be ignored. Citing the treaties and agreements that compelled it to reveal information only for tax purposes, it said the government ought to follow the procedures prescribed in the legal instruments through which such information had been received.
“Thus, a clarification is essential which will enable the Government of India to give a commitment to our current and prospective treaty partners that the information received will be used only for tax purposes and such other purposes as permitted in terms of the applicable treaty and can be disclosed in public court proceedings only after a complaint/ prosecution for tax evasion is filed,” it said.
READ: Swiss govt willing to disclose info on black mone — Centre to SC
The government told the court the choice was “either not to receive information at all or receive it and use it as per international standards of confidentiality.”
The development comes a day before the government is set to defend its fresh argument that sovereign treaties constrain it continued…

Mario Tama / Getty Imagesmario tama / getty images
Tensions rise after Israel homes planTensions rise as Israel vows to expand East Jerusalem settlements
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e30b166-5de2-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St. dips as lower oil price knocks energy stocksS&P 500 posts worst day since October; energy shares sink
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
The S&P energy index <.SPNY> tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil  fell 2.3 percent to $91.70 while shares of Chevron  dropped 3.7 percent to $106.80.
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014. [O/R] The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple  was down 2.3 percent at $112.40, while GoPro  shares fell 6.3 percent at $67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the U.S. equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's  shares shed 3.8 percent to $92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Nasdaq presses ahead with forex planNasdaq presses on with plan to clear forex derivatives in Europe
Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cea3f5d8-5ddf-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qatar to buy HSBCs global HQ for 1.1bnQatar to buy HSBC’s global HQ for £1.1bn
Arash Massoudi, Kate Allen and Henny Sender
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11129e26-5ded-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Corrective steps for coal  iron oreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt considering proposal to restructure FTIL boardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A smart way to create 100 smart citiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ECB list of failing banks shrinks if you read small printECB list of failing banks shrinks if you read small print
Nude celebrity photo leak: Jennifer Lawrence s ex-boyfriend is a hacker  hints  more to comeNude celebrity photo leak: Jennifer Lawrence's ex-boyfriend is a hacker, hints 'more to come'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 11:52  IST
Oct 27 2014, 11:52  IST
 

Japan s SoftBank to invest $10 bnJapan s SoftBank to invest $10 bn
India to set up new process for appointing state bank officialsIndia to set up new process for appointing state bank officials
NSA visits Bengal  Mamata extends support in fight against terror (Roundup)NSA visits Bengal  Mamata extends support in fight against terror (Roundup)
CCI raps Coal India for misusing positionCCI raps Coal India for misusing position
Nifty may not breach 8050 any time soon: BaligaNifty may not breach 8050 any time soon: Baliga
Black money: FM to name those who are prosecutableBlack money: FM to name those who are prosecutable
Concerns over nterest-only mortgages© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba29bcb6-5df1-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Transparency will revive the trade talksOctober 27, 2014 5:58 pm
Transatlantic trade negotiators should own up to their ambition
Pascal Lamy
Consumers fear the transatlantic pact will cost them their safeguards, writes Pascal Lamy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d69d4496-5a07-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Williams/Access Midstream: flowing pipes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b728cf0c-5df6-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SFH investors have many options for acquiring new properties0
Let's start with your questions about refinancing. While you might be able to do a cash-out refinance on the property, you probably can't take out as much cash as you think. Lenders want investors to maintain 30 to 35 percent equity in the property. You can talk to lenders in your area and see what their lending requirements are and use that information to make a better decision for yourself.
While you could refinance, and would be maximizing the lowest interest rates of the year, there is another way to maximize your investing strategy.
You didn't mention in your email whether you own your current residence. Assuming you do, and have owned it for at least a year, you could rent out that property and might qualify to purchase another primary residence in your neighborhood of choice -- although lenders may have other lending requirements for you, given the proximity of the homes.
Because it's easier to finance a primary residence than a rental property, you could purchase that property with as little as a few thousand dollars in cash. FHA loans require a 3.5 percent down payment, but you might find a HUD home (which is an FHA foreclosure) that you can purchase that would require an even smaller outlay. If you buy a HUD home, it'll likely be a fixer-upper, which will allow you to build in profit as you renovate to meet the neighborhood standard.
If you want to tap the equity in your other property without refinancing, consider a home equity line of credit or a home equity loan that will allow you to borrow more easily against some of the equity without giving up the amazing interest rate you already have. That will allow you to put down a bit more on the next property.
Another strategy is to buy a multi-unit building, live in one of the units and rent out the others. That is another good way to leverage your investment dollars.
As far as mentors go, you need to start by building the team of experts who will help you do these deals over the long run. Finding a great real estate agent, mortgage lender, accountant or tax preparer, professional home inspector, insurance agent and contractor will allow you to quickly assess properties as investments and know that you're getting the best possible advice for your personal financial situation.
Through these professionals you should be able to meet other successful investors who are a bit further down the pike in terms of their investments. If you cultivate these relationships, it will undoubtedly pay off over the long haul.
As far as websites go, we like RealtyJoin.com and BiggerPockets.com. And don't forget to check out Ilyce's "Intentional Investor: How to be Wildly Successful in Real Estate" series, available at ThinkGlinkStore.com.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

An unnecessarily long and surprisingly fascinating history of guys(Niels Linneberg/ Flickr )
“Guys” should be one of the most benign and neutral words in the English language. In the most literal sense, it just means men. Boys. People, if we’re being modern, which hopefully we are.
But on the Internet, that fabled land of linguistic invention and abuse, guys has gradually, subtly taken on a second purpose. It’s the quickest, shortest way to communicate that you’re not entirely serious. A sort of prefix that, slapped in front of an otherwise sober sentence, makes it clear that you too can joke around.
Guys. Stop making Ebola jokes. That’s exactly how you get Ebola.
— Danielle Uhlarik (@danielleu) October 24, 2014
Consider the difference between these two headlines:
“New York City physician tested positive for Ebola”
“Guys, a New York City physician tested positive for Ebola”
It’s subtle, sure, but once you’re on the lookout for this weird linguistic tic, you tend to see it everywhere. In tweets. In headlines. In Facebook statuses, where the word rears like a Shakespearean apostrophe: “O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, / That I am meek and gentle with these butchers!” Except now, of course, the appeal is less to the corpse of Julius Caesar … and more to some amorphous, unseen audience, dispersed behind their computer screens.
Guys, something is going on here. The question — which we put to a few linguists — is what.
“Denotatively, this is an established use of ‘guys’ to mean ‘people’ — that use goes back a while, probably to the mid-1900s,” said Kory Stamper , a lexicographer and editor at Merriam-Webster. (And, incidentally, a very good Twitter follow .) “It’s the connotation and tone on social media that seems to be new, and it looks like that use is still emerging.”
Guys, life is too short to be queueing for more than half an hour for a dollop of frozen yoghurt.
— Mr. H (@asonofapeach) October 24, 2014
That social media use, Stamper says, is more vocative than anything else: It often “heralds an announcement of some sort,” she says, kind of like “the everyman’s ‘lo.’ ” But unlike “lo,” of course, the tone of “guys” is vaguely jokey, a cross between sarcasm and self-deprecation.
“Lo, a New York City physician tested positive for Ebola”; “Guys, a New York City physician tested positive for Ebola.” You see the difference.
But how an innocent-sounding word like “guys” came to be the Internet’s favorite herald is a slightly more complicated story. The word has surprisingly black roots: It’s derived, etymologists believe, from the name Guy Fawkes , one of the leaders of the Gunpowder Plot that attempted to assassinate King James I in 1605. Years after Fawkes’s plan was foiled, British children paraded his effigy around on Nov. 5 — a custom that, over the course of decades, made “guy” a sort of slang, first for a poorly dressed person, and then more generally for a man ( … of any wardrobe).
Frequency of the word “guys” in movies and TV shows, 1930 to present. (Ben Schmidt/Bookworm)
By the early 1930s, says Ben Zimmer — a linguist and frequent commentator on everything from “ stalking ” to “ czars ” —Americans were just beginning to use “guys” to indicate people of either gender. But guys was always a really weird word, its exact definition changing based on context. Consider this: I might address a group of female co-workers as “guys,” as in “hey guys.” But if I were describing the encounter later, I’d never say “Oh yeah, I said ‘hi’ to some guys from the newsroom.” Guys is only friendly, only gender-neutral, when we’re speaking directly to the “guy” himself.
“Guys in the expression ‘you guys’ is lexically meaningless, because it does not particularize you,” wrote linguist Sarah Lawson in 1982, picking up a thread that Twitter and its ilk would really run with later. “Rather, it serves as almost a suffix to you to suggest friendliness, camaraderie, informality. Even when the tone is not very friendly (‘Hey, you guys!’ ‘Cut it out, you guys!’) the “you guys” keeps the slang register and makes the remonstration sound less angry than it might otherwise.”
In other words, “guys” may be the single most perfect form of address for the infamously sincerity-adverse Web.
You guys, someone, somewhere is the person who decided what the smart trip buzzer on the bus sounds like. I hate that guy.
— Allison Rockey (@AllisonRockey) October 24, 2014
It makes sense, then, that Zimmer credits modern Internet usage of the word to the sarcasm-inflected headlines of Gawker and the Awl, sites that have long specialized in a sort of cool, removed irony. But even they may have had help: The popular sitcom “Friends,” which ran from 1994 to 2004 — notably, a time at which many Awl and Gawker writers were coming of age — used the word “guys” so frequently that language researcher Theresa Heyd used it as a launching point for her 2010 discourse on language change.
“I wouldn’t discount ‘Friends’ as an influence on how people currently use ‘guys,’ ” Zimmer said. “Perhaps there’s an echo of the staginess of ‘Friends’ when people use ‘guys’ now, which adds to the ironic distance someone can create by starting a tweet or snarky headline” that way.
Wherever the current usage comes from, it’s undoubtedly on the rise — online and off. Google’s Ngram , which measures word use over time in books, and Ben Schmidt’s Bookworm , which does the same for TV and movies, both register a steady climb in the use of “guys” since at least the early ’90s. And on Twitter, well, evidence is everywhere.
GUYS, apparently there are restaurants in that little town we all know as Washington DC. The Times is ON IT. http://t.co/xXsgoqAmb3
— The Times Is On It (@NYTOnIt) October 22, 2014
Which is just proof, perhaps, that nothing new really ever is: Even in our most self-consciously modern, snarky spaces, we borrow from history, pop culture and art. That’s legitimately pretty cool, you guys.
Or better yet: Guys, that is legitimately cool.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Marla Gottschalk  Ph.D.GET UPDATES FROM Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D.
 
Like
1
Dr. Marla Gottschalk is an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, consultant and speaker. She is the Director of Thought Leadership at Kilberry Leadership Advisors , Toronto. She also writes The Office Blend .
Entries by Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D.
How to Make Your Business Team More Productive for Introverts
(0) Comments | Posted October 27, 2014 | 10:23 AM
If you encounter an individual who considers the prospect of working on a team to be a form of long-acting torture -- you just might find they would describe themselves as an "introvert." To an introvert, teaming can become a bit of a workplace nightmare -- in direct opposition to...
How Not to Manage an Introvert
(41) Comments | Posted October 21, 2014 | 3:04 PM
Do you supervise individuals that would describe themselves as an introvert? If the answer is "yes," you may want to take a moment to examine how you manage them. In many cases, we hold misconceptions about introversion, which can lead to ill-fated supervisory decisions. I'd like to point...

Solving the Youth Unemployment Crisis Is a Win-Win for Businessesreddit
NEW YORK -- With little disagreement that the global youth jobs crisis is one of the most pressing issues of our time, problem solvers have begun developing and implementing coordinated solutions.
These range from renewed focus on affordable education to public-private partnerships aimed at closing the "skills gap" to entrepreneurship programs -- and combinations of all of the above. Will it be enough to put hundreds of millions of young people to work?
"There's not a solution to this problem," Allen Blue, vice president and co-founder of LinkedIn said during a panel at " Generation Jobless ," a solutions-focused conference on youth unemployment held Oct. 24-25 at International House in New York City. "There's a hundred things we can do."
As a reporting fellow at The GroundTruth Project working on an international series on youth unemployment and a millennial myself, I've seen friends slave away for multiple degrees, only to end up working outside their chosen fields to pay off the debts they racked up.
Higher education has long been considered essential to a successful career. And the Pew Research Center confirms that a college degree still weighs heavily on the likelihood of finding work, the job type and the wages earned.
At the same time, college is no longer an assurance of employment. In the United States, more than 80 percent of the class of 2014 had no jobs lined up for after graduation, though almost 75 percent of them were actively searching, according to a poll by AfterCollege , a San Francisco-based career network.
As a friend of mine once put it, "We didn't work this hard to have to work this hard to find jobs."
This disparity between what you learn and how you earn is why some advocates for youth employment say apprenticeships and vocational education -- arming young people with skills the market actually needs -- are the way to go.
"There's people without jobs and jobs without people," said Nicholas Wyman, CEO of Skilling Australia Foundation, a nonprofit whose goal is to help disadvantaged youth transition to the work force. The key, he said, is to develop a system that bridges the gap between what students learn in school and what companies need from their employees.
As an example Wyman cited Switzerland, where, as Quartz reported last year , a "dual system" of higher education combines traditional academics with on-the-job training. The result is a consistently low youth unemployment rate, which today stands at just over 3 percent , as well as satisfied employers.
"Companies benefit financially from the work of apprentices, value the privilege of employing young people they already know, and see training the next generation as part of their mission," according to the report.
The same is true for Germany, where the training of young people is viewed as vital to the business community, not a philanthropic gesture.
"This has nothing to do with corporate social responsibility," a human resources manager at Deutsche Bank told a Quartz reporter . "I do this because I need talent."
The US has begun to show interest in similar methods. Through the Department of Labor, the Obama administration is investing $100 million in apprenticeship grants to support new programs in emerging fields such as information technology, health care and manufacturing. ConnectED: The California Center for College and Career is one of a number of efforts around the country to provide students with technical training and critical thinking skills that better reflect the demands of the job market.
Survival mode
Apprenticeships and vocational education systems have potential in places where jobs exist but young people lack the skills to work them. "But in environments where there are no jobs," Skilling Australia's Wyman said, "What is going to create jobs?"
For a growing number of millennials, the answer is innovation. Startups are becoming the lifeblood of this generation as more young people rely on their own initiative to survive. Almost every conversation I have with anyone remotely my age (I'm 25) will touch on his new idea, her novel business plan or that latest bit of technology that could potentially lead to an income.
Startups play a lead role even among the stories our reporters put together for the GroundTruth series, which we've named "Generation TBD" -- to be determined.
In Nigeria , 23-year-old Tayo Olufuwa is running an online jobs listing service for unemployed professionals. In Egypt , Ahmed Hamdy, 25, found his first-ever job at the startup Karm Solar, which offers an alternative energy option for Egyptians who live off the electrical grid. In the Philippines , Patrick Dulay helps others help themselves through his company, The Spark Project, which allows local businesses to engage in crowdfunding.
These businesses provide young people not only a means of livelihood but also a meaningful way of life, giving them a critical part in the struggle toward a sustainable future, Wyman said.
"Wealth is not just money," he said. "Wealth is finding something rewarding and satisfying."
Joining forces
None of the above -- apprenticeships, new methods of education, startups -- would be possible without collaborations among different sectors, groups and individuals.
"If we don't have a coordinated effort to address this, we're going to have a generation of young people whose future is really not so bright," said Calvin Sims, president and CEO of International House, a youth-centered nonprofit based in New York City.
The International House hosted "Generation Jobless" in partnership with The GroundTruth Project and other major media partners. At the conference, representatives from corporations, government, foundations and the education sector, discussed the value of collaborating with one another and with the youth in a variety of ways.
"You can't separate K-12 education from the work force," Dane Linn, vice president of Business Roundtable, an association of US executives working to promote sound public policy, pointed out during a panel at the conference.
Blair Taylor, chief community officer and president of the Starbucks Foundation Board of Directors, added that the new paradigm for corporate America is "a win-win-win situation" for society, individuals and companies -- a situation that can only be achieved through inter-sector cooperation.
Another example of that kind of coordination is The Global Center on Youth Employment , which again brings together partners from academia, the donor community, the private sector and nonprofit organizations to find solutions to the youth employment crisis. The goal is to use the partners' varied resources and expertise and to serve as a platform for connecting separate initiatives.
"No one sector can do it alone," said Cristina McGlew Castro, regional manager for Latin America and the Caribbean for Cisco Systems.
In looking at ways that reform the system, governments and organizations are moving away from pumping money into short-term programs toward developing long-term solutions, Wyman said. Overcoming old stigmas about how things are done, he said, can only push those efforts forward.
"Sometimes [young people] just need a hand up," Wyman said, "not a handout."
This post is part of a series produced by The GroundTruth Project , presented in partnership with The Huffington Post and International House in conjunction with the Generation Jobless conference (Oct. 24-25, New York City). The event is a solutions-based conference, offering viable, real-world solutions to remedy the critical issue of global youth unemployment. For more information on the conference, read here . And to follow the conversation on Twitter, look for the hashtag #genjobless .
Follow Jessica Mendoza on Twitter: www.twitter.com/_jessicamendoza
More:

AAP accuses Govt of selective approach in black moneyissueFormer Delhi chief minister and AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal showing the list of those who have bank accounts in foreign banks in abroad at a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 9:51 pm
Accusing the NDA government of adopting a “selective approach” on the black money issue, the Aam Aadmi Party Monday demanded disclosure of the names of all those who have stashed their wealth in foreign banks illegally and a time bound investigation to punish the guilty.
AAP chief and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal also tweeted that Radha Timblo, named by the government in the Supreme Court as one among those against whom prosecution has been launched in the black money case, had donated Rs 1.1 crore to BJP and Rs 65 lakh to Congress.
Slamming the government, Kejriwal wondered why it revealed only three names in the Supreme Court today in connection with black money in foreign accounts when it had the full list.
Addressing a press conference, Kejriwal repeated the names of over 10 entities and persons including some industrialists, alleging that they have stashed black money abroad illegally.
The same names were given by the party two years ago.
“The full list of those having black money in foreign banks should be made public. We are sure there will be names of BJP and Congress leaders in it,” he alleged.
The AAP leader also produced purported statements of three persons admitting to having money stashed abroad during investigations by the IT department.
“As per our information, action is being taken against those on the list selectively. Whereas stringent actions like tax raids and prosecution are being taken against some, the powerful ones are being let off,” he alleged.
Kejriwal, flanked by senior AAP leaders Prashant Bhushan and Manish Sisodia, demanded complete investigations in all cases relating to black money in a time bound manner and strictest action against those who are found guilty.
“Today, government has disclosed three names, one of which happens to be Pradip Burman. This name was there in the list disclosed by us and hence, it further validates our earlier disclosure. Let the government clarify whether other names mentioned also appear in that list or not,” the AAP leader said.
The government today disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names including that of Pradip Burman, one of Dabur India promoters, a bullion trader and Goa miners against whom it has started prosecution for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
“There may be some legal account holders in the foreign bank. But considering the greater public good, government should come out with the full list,” said Bhushan, adding that the government should immediately stop all Hawala routes.
Bhushan also rejected government’s argument that the list of the black money holders cannot be continued…

Missing IOC officer found insidejunglePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 27, 2014 9:45 pm
Kaushik Bora, an executive director at the Digboi refinery of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), who had gone missing on Sunday, was rescued by the police from inside the Upper Dihing reserve forest on Sunday.
Bora was located about two kms deep inside the forest from the spot where his personal car was found on the Digboi-Pengeri-Bordumsa Road, Tinsukia district SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh said. “Bora was lying in an unconscious state inside the forest, but we have not found any link to any abduction as suspected earlier,” Singh said.
The SP said Bora was admitted to the Digboi Refinery hospital after being rescued during a search operation launched in the forest for nearly 20 hours. His mobile phone however was missing. “He was bitten by leeches and other insects too,” the SP said.
Bora, the SP said, had reportedly suffered from depression in the past few weeks and had also undergone a check-up at Apollo Hospital, New Delhi recently. The officer, who had gone out of his residence in his personal car at around 10:30 AM yesterday, was reported missing by his family at around 4 PM. His car was later found parked near a forest on the Digboi-Pengeri-Bordumsa Road about 10 kms away from Digboi town.

Why the end of Camp Leatherneck in Afghanistan mattersBy Dan Lamothe October 27 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. Marines board a C-130J Super Hercules transport plane to Kandahar, Afghanistan, on Monday as U.S. and British troops withdraw from Helmand province, Afghanistan, and its massive main base, camps Leatherneck and Bastion. AFP PHOTO/WAKIL KOHSAR WAKIL KOHSAR/AFP/Getty Images
Shortly before I embedded with U.S. combat troops in southern Afghanistan for a third time in October 2012, my girlfriend at the time said something reassuring.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “I love you from here to Camp Leatherneck.”
It’s a sentiment many Americans can relate to. The installation, built adjacent to the British base Camp Bastion in 2008, grew into a sprawling, dusty, military metropolis, and the main hub of the war effort in violent Helmand province. Tens of thousands of U.S. troops served on Leatherneck and flowed through it to smaller bases, as President Obama’s surged forces into the region to both root out the insurgency and train the Afghan military and police.
On Sunday, the United States and Britain turned over control of Leatherneck and Bastion to the Afghan military they have been training for years. A few other major coalition installations in the country will remain, but the transition is one of the most dramatic milestones to date in the winding down of the Afghanistan War.
In many ways, the war in Helmand was a perfect microcosm of the larger conflict. Combat operations there killed hundreds of coalitions troops and maimed many more, as they tangled with the Taliban in brightly colored poppy fields, muddy canals and desert compounds. The danger posed by improvised explosive devices was everywhere — on roads, in canals, even in walls. Those who stepped out on foot patrols still reflect on it.
Helmand also served as an excellent example of how Obama’s strategy forced expensive decisions on the battlefield. At Leatherneck, it meant numerous new housing complexes, gyms, office buildings, chow halls and the construction of a mile-long runway, even with the planned withdrawal of troops. Some facilities turned out to be unnecessary, including a two-story, 64,000-square foot operations center that cost $34 million and collected cobwebs .
A Marine with 3rd Battalion, 8th Marines, balances as he wades through water on a patrol in Afghanistan’s Helmand province on June 22, 2012. AFP PHOTO / ADEK BERRYADEK BERRY/AFP/GettyImages
The Leatherneck-Bastion complex also was the site of one of the most spectacular and infamous attacks of the war. Fifteen armed fighters sneaked onto Bastion on Sept. 14, 2012, launching an attack with grenades, machine guns and other weapons that killed two Marines — Lt. Col. Christopher Raible, 40, and Sgt. Bradley Atwell, 27 — wounded 17 other coalition members and destroyed or severely damaged nine aircraft. That, too, could be a seen as a symbol. The Taliban increasingly launched high-profile attacks as the war progressed, capitalizing on vulnerabilities the coalition showed.
The turnover of Camp Leatherneck leaves many troops who have been there with mixed feelings. Uneven results recently from the Afghan military still facing the Taliban in Helmand raise questions about what the region will look like without coalition involvement. The region is far from Kabul politically and geographically, And many wonder what their sacrifices ultimately will yield. But there’s also recognition that the U.S. had to turn Leatherneck over at some point.
@USMC It’s just going to fall within a week

How To Make Your Business Team More Productive For Introvertsreddit
If you encounter an individual who considers the prospect of working on a team to be a form of long-acting torture -- you just might find they would describe themselves as an "introvert." To an introvert, teaming can become a bit of a workplace nightmare -- in direct opposition to how they would normally approach their work . The essence of teaming experiences, including vying for airtime to present ideas, can put off an otherwise satisfied employee. Ultimately, the often "on-demand" nature of team participation, doesn't always align with all personalities or work styles.
But, introverts, those who tend to "focus inward," can still excel in the realm of teams. For a significant percentage of the US that describe themselves as an "introvert", team membership shouldn't boil down to becoming louder to be heard. As expressed by Laura Richardson, VP at of The Innovation Games Company , "Introverts shouldn't be relegated to catching the team leader in the hallway, after the meeting to share their opinions comfortably".
Sophia Dembling, author of The Introvert's Way: Living a Quiet Life in a Noisy World , explains that teaming can be a positive experience for introverts, as long as they have the opportunity to process information in a manner in line with their work-style strengths. "Introverts don't mind meeting with a team," she says. "We know that's necessary for strategizing. But we prefer if our contribution to the larger project is something we can do by ourselves, then bring back to the team. We're most productive when we can focus quietly and independently on a task."
There is good reason to ensure that introverts participate fully in the team process. In fact, research has shown that the hesitancy to monopolize the conversation can actually make them powerful team members. Why? Introverts tend to listen to suggestions more openly, in comparison to their extroverted colleagues -- a tremendous advantage when developing solutions.
Here are some ideas to help team membership become more productive for introverts:
Build mutual respect. It can appear that introverts and extroverts are from different workplace planets. As a result, it is imperative that we understand, and respect, the differences in the way we each process information.
Utilize solitary ideation. Introverts are more sensitive to the stimulation that occurs while interacting with a team. Offer opportunities for introverts to start the idea generation process before a team meeting is held. Distribute information concerning the focus of the challenge, the anticipated obstacles and goals, before the first team meeting.
Build confidence in the process. One strategy to increase confidence in the team process can be borrowed from the theater. GameChangers , which utilizes improvisation to enhance communication skills, uses learning-based exercises to help all team members. "Improvisational game structure gives even the most introverted players on a team a point of focus that allows them to confront concerns regarding the social dynamics of collaborating," says Mike Bonifer, co-founder and CEO.
Take control. Encouraging broad participation in a group can require careful direction. First on the list -- controlling the mine fields that deter full participation. "Loud talkers" and "Interrupters" who squelch the input of other team members, must be addressed. Set guidelines for participation. If negative behavior persists, deal with the problem privately.
Use the 8 second rule. During team meetings, try not change topics or shift gears too abruptly. Pause and wait 8 seconds before moving on to the next topic. You may find that this brief pause, allows an introvert time to chime in and share an opinion.
Game it. Gaming applications offer an interesting alternative to effectively gather information from all types of team members. From the early phases of the ideation process -- to weighing options -- gaming can help collect potential solutions and visualize the entire decision process. An added plus: "loud talker" no longer dominates the conversation. ( See The Innovation Games website here. )
How do you help your introverted team members shine? Are you a "card carrying" introvert?
Dr. Marla Gottschalk is an Organizational Psychologist, consultant and speaker. She also writes The Office Blend . This post first appeared on LinkedIn .
Follow Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MRGottschalk
More:

Does Raising the Minimum Wage Hurt Employment Evidence from Chinareddit
Raising the minimum wage is a polarizing issue. One side worries that raising it will lower employment. The other side downplays the impact on employment and plays up the positive impact on the living standards of the poor. Both sides are able to cling to their beliefs as the evidence, much of which comes from high-income ("advanced") economies, is mixed.
The majority of the global labor force, however, is in the emerging markets. Moreover, for a number of these countries, instituting a minimum wage or raising it is squarely on the policy agenda. But little is known about the impacts of minimum wages on employment and living standards in emerging markets.
My recent work with Yi Huang and Gewei Wang tries to fill this gap by studying the impact of minimum wage policies on employment in China. As China accounts for nearly 25 percent of the global labor force, this evidence is important in its own right; it may also be more relevant for other emerging markets than the evidence from high-income countries.
The evidence  
Our study is the first to use data on minimum wage changes for over 2,400 counties in China. We combine the information on minimum wages changes with employment data from the Annual Survey of Industrial Firms, which covers over 70 percent of China's manufacturing employment. While China instituted a minimum wage system in 1994, enforcement of compliance with the law was significantly tightened only in 2004; the results described below are based on post-2004 data.
So what does the evidence show? On average across all firms, we find that an increase in the minimum wage leads to a small decline in employment: a 10 percent increase in the minimum wage lowers employment by a little over 1 percent. The impact differs across firms, being greater in low-wage firms than in high-wage firms. This is shown in Figure 1, where firms are grouped into deciles based on the average wage. In the decile of firms with the lowest wages, a 10 percent increase in minimum wages lowers employment by nearly 1.8 percent. The impact declines steadily such that for the decile of firms with the highest wages, the impact is 0.6 percent.
We also find that the impact of the minimum wage on a firm's wages depends on where the firm stands in the distribution of wages. On average, an increase in the minimum wage raises wages by about 1 percent. But, as shown in Figure 2, for firms in the lowest decile, the increase is about 2.5 percent. The effect declines steadily and there is essentially no impact for the highest decile.
A glimpse behind the scenes
Teasing out the impact of the minimum wage on employment is a difficult task. A firm's employment can be affected by many factors, not all of which can be accounted for easily. Hence there is often a concern that the impact attributed to changes in the minimum wage may in fact be due to some factor that remains unaccounted for or is unobservable to the researcher.
To guard against this, the evidence presented above is based on analysis in which numerous other factors that could affect employment are accounted for, as described in detail in the working paper. One strategy we use is akin to the study of twins in many areas of research -- the idea there is that since twins share much of the same genetic make-up, any observed differences between them are likely not due to genetic reasons but to other factors. In our study we make the assumption that firms in contiguous regions are more likely to have similar employment trends.
We then estimate the impact of the minimum wage on a firm's employment, controlling for developments in employment at its 'twin firm'. Without such controls, the estimated impact of the minimum wage is qualitatively similar to that shown in Figure 1 above but quantitatively smaller on average (see an earlier blog for details).
Policy implications
Information on the employment and wage impacts of minimum wage changes is a critical ingredient in deciding where to set the level of the minimum wage. Our study provides the first comprehensive estimates of these impacts for China, which has a large labor force and whose experience may be relevant for several other emerging markets.
Our evidence suggests that a 10 percent increase in the minimum wage lowers employment by 1 percent. Impacts of this magnitude have been found in studies for high-income countries but generally for sub-groups such as teenagers or low-skilled workers.
We also find significant differences in the impact of minimum wages on employment and wages across low-wage and high-wage firms. In low-wage firms, raising the minimum wage lowers employment but raises wages more than in high-wage firms. The setting of the minimum wage has to be sensitive to these differential effects. As in the case of other labor market institutions, the design of a minimum wage system has to balance considerations of equity and efficiency (see Blanchard, Jaumotte and Loungani , 2014 for a fuller discussion). Minimum wages can help the cause of equity by ensuring that workers, particularly low-wage workers, have enough to live on. But if raising the minimum wage lowers employment, and ends up excluding low-wage workers from employment prospects, it may have adverse effects on both welfare and efficiency.

Qatar to buy HSBCs global HQ for 1.1bnQatar to buy HSBC’s global HQ for £1.1bn
Arash Massoudi, Kate Allen and Henny Sender
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11129e26-5ded-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazilian bidders win Chiquita for $1.3bnBrazilians win bitter $1.3bn battle for banana company Chiquita
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98af93ca-5de8-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks hit by weak crude pricesEnergy stocks fall as crude prices dip
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59ed8e-5d82-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Twitter investors eye today s earnings reportWhat Twitter investors are chirping about
By: Matt Krantz October 27, 2014 12:26 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
It’s time for social media stocks to do less talking and more showing. This is a big week for social media earnings reports — starting today with Twitter (TWTR) .
The online service that allows investors to share short messages is expected to report a quarterly profit of a penny a share, reversing a year-ago loss of 13 cents a share. Revenue is expected to more than double, rising 109% to $252 million, says S&P Capital IQ.
UPDATE: Twitter’s results now in. The company met expectations, stock down.
Those are the numbers Twitter investors say they’re looking for — but they’re actually looking for more. The company has beaten earnings estimates in each of the past three earnings quarters, S&P Capital IQ says. During the quarter ended in June, for instance, Twitter made 2 cents a share, well ahead of the expected 3-cents-a-share loss.
Good numbers are needed to get this stock going:
Talk is centering around Twitter to actually earn a profit of 3 cents a share. Anything less would be seen as the company laying an egg.

http://bit.ly/ZUx3t4Christopher Snow
October 27, 2014
From dramas like The Walking Dead to books like World War Z and even reality shows like Doomsday Preppers, zombies are everywhere in popular media these days.
Now, we're not going to suggest that all standalone freezer owners are also preppers, but we do imagine the opposite is probably true. You've got to have ample meat storage to survive the long winter that'll follow Z-Day, after all.
Well, if you fall into that group, we have some good news! UK-based Tiger Log Cabins has introduced an apocalypse-proof compound for the prepper set—the ZFC-1 Zombie Fortification Cabin.
This three-building, two-floor, seven-room kit is (as far as we can tell) absolutely not a Halloween prank. And at 44 by 30 feet, it's by far the largest cabin sold by the company, which otherwise specializes in small sheds and other garden structures.
The ZFC-1 even comes with an Xbox. In a zombie apocalypse, you've gotta pass the time somehow.
But this is no shed. The ZFC-1 is equipped with reinforced slit windows, an upper deck and/or vantage point with escape hatch, toilet plumbing, a fenced outdoor garden, a garage, a kitchen area, an arsenal for storing weapons, security cameras, solar panels for electric power, and a living area complete with an Xbox.
Yep, an Xbox. Gotta pass the time somehow.
Best of all, the ZFC-1 comes with a 10-year "Anti-Zombie Guarantee" that, and we quote, "offers protection against all forms of zombie—this includes voodoo zombies, brooks zombies, and fast infected zombies." The only catch? You have to provide "medical evidence of the presence of a zombie" if you want to cash in on your claim. Not that you'd be alive to do so.
Ground floor on the left and "1st floor"—or as we call it stateside, "2nd floor"—on the right View Larger
Altogether, the complete package—including optional extras like installation, security cameras, a "riot protection outfit", and solar panels—will run you about $146,000. That's actually not so bad for what's essentially a small, armored house—even if you're not a hardcore survivalist.
To buy the ZFC-1 (and please, please let us know if you do), head over to TigerLogCabins.com . And while you're there, check out the customer reviews—they're priceless.
The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

Podcast with Richard Reinsch of Law and Liberty BlogComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Dabur promoter among 8 named in blackmoney listDabur promoter among 8 named in blackmoney list
Five Principles for Taming the Wild West of Beyond the Grid Clean Energy Policyreddit
Misguided and inappropriate safeguards threaten to handicap some of the most dynamic and innovative approaches to ending energy poverty for 1.3 billion people around the world.
That the findings of Sierra Club's latest report -- Expanding Energy Access: Beyond The Grid --  which proposes five policy principles to ensure clean energy access markets thrive.
If we don't fill the vacuum of safeguards that exist for companies serving those living beyond the reach of the grid, we threaten the long term viability of these beyond the grid clean energy markets. These approaches are already pioneering cutting-edge Machine to Machine (M2M) technology, dynamic financial innovations like pay as you go (PAYG) , and even big data to unlock clean energy for low-income populations. That's all while unlocking tremendous economic opportunity in a $12 billion market .
But all of that is threatened if policymakers don't set appropriate rules of the road. Without rules, we all but ensure that those most in need of energy solutions pay the price for the most expensive electron -- the one that isn't delivered. An outcome no one wants to see because without access to electricity, communities may suffer from poor healthcare and restricted opportunities for economic advancement.
In order to ensure these markets continue to grow rapidly and deliver for low-income populations, we've identified five principles for policymakers to abide by:
1. Energy Services Not Electrons: It was the LED light bulb, not just the falling price of solar, that unlocked clean energy for low-income populations by bringing down the size of all components in a solar home system. It's vital we apply that principle -- that energy efficiency unlocks clean energy for low-income populations -- to the next steps of energy service delivery. That means supporting the deployment and development of highly efficient appliances and agricultural equipment.
2. Build Markets From The Bottom Up: Starting with 'pico' power -- like solar lanterns and solar home systems -- populations get onto the energy ladder by displacing existing expenditures on dirty kerosene lighting. Lighting, however, is the beginning, not the end, of energy access. As people move up the energy ladder to higher levels of access, policymakers should transition deployment support to full access technologies like mini-grids and larger solar home systems.
3. Level The Playing Field With Fossil Fuels: Right now, clean energy access providers are getting hit both coming and going. Their competitors -- fossil fuel companies -- are highly subsidized, but clean energy companies are taxed. Policymakers should seek to direct fossil fuel subsidies directly to low-income populations and gradually eliminate the fossil fuel industry's support over time (see Michael Liebrich's paper on this here ). At the same time, policymakers should focus on reducing taxes, like value added taxes (VAT) on solar products , which hinder our ability to end energy poverty.
4. Unlock Finance: In many ways, enabling access to finance is job number one. Public policy can help achieve that in part by setting the rules of the road. But it can achieve it more directly by de-risking private investment through loan guarantees. In certain cases, like mini-grids, subsidy support -- in the form of innovative approaches like rural feed-in tariffs (rFit) -- are required to unlock the market. Regardless, the effect of access to finance, particularly for consumers, is dramatic.
5. Define Utility Regulations In The Off-Grid And Mini-Grid Space: This is perhaps the largest looming threat to the burgeoning beyond the grid clean energy industry. There simply is no policy certainty for companies in this market, and policymakers need to ensure light touch regulation that accommodates, rather than precludes, the growth of the clean energy industry by, amongst other things, defining what constitutes a utility and benchmarking prices to protect consumers.
We firmly believe that these solar companies should be regulated and consumers protected. But current clumsy attempts to fit a square peg in a round hole can have unintended, harmful impacts by -- amongst other things -- handicapping the ability to charge consumers what is required for a sustainable business model. By applying the body of regulations and policymaking designed for the operational realities of the grid -- like benchmarking prices against grid resources instead of diesel generators -- we ensure the most expensive power of all: its absence.
That means we need a whole new body policy steeped in the realities of the populations living beyond the reach of the grid whom we are attempting to serve. This will require new innovative, light-touch policy making to ensure rules of the road so that investment continues to flow and that these markets remain as innovative as ever in their quest to end energy poverty.
Follow Justin Guay on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Guay_JG
More:

Black money: Govt affidavit names seven persons  a mining firm; no politician in first listBlack money: Govt affidavit names seven persons  a mining firm; no politician in first list
European stocks drop as German data trump bank testsEuropean stocks drop as German data trump bank tests
Apna Dal chief sacks daughter Anupriya from top partypostAnupriya Patel
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:10 am
The ongoing family feud in the Apna Dal took its first toll Monday as party national president Krishna Patel removed her daughter and Mirzapur MP Anupriya Patel from the post of national general secretary on charges of “indiscipline and unconstitutional acts”.
In a statement, Krishna Patel said “the ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh” has brought both the family and the Apna Dal “at a crossroad”.
“Anupriya had been warned on previous occasions. But due to personal ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh, party workers who have been with the Apna Dal for 18-19 years are being disrespected. On October 20, Anupriya assumed all powers of the state president in my absence and (over the past few weeks) unconstitutionally expelled many party workers, including the state president. She claimed to the media that she is the final authority in the party,” Krishna said.
In a statement issued late on Monday, Anupriya refuted all of Krishna’s allegations point-by-point. “Some self-serving persons in the family and the party want to break the Apna Dal-BJP alliance,” she told The Indian Express. She added that a party meeting will be called within a week to decide on the future course.
On Monday, The Indian Express had reported that owing to differences within the family, Anupriya had decided to skip the party’s foundation day celebrations in Varanasi. She has, instead, chosen to participate in a similar programme in Allahabad.
Krishna cited this as one the reasons behind removing Anupriya from her post.
“As soon as she became an MLA (in 2012), she started behaving tyrannically and also designated herself as chief general secretary, instead of general secretary, which led to a feeling of insecurity among other general secretaries,” Krishna said. Krishna also claimed that Anupriya had threatened to merge the party with the BJP if she was not allowed to contest Lok Sabha elections this year. Already an MLA from Rohaniya, Anupriya won the election from Mirzapur. Krishna had then unsuccessfully contested the byelections to Rohaniya, losing out to the SP.
“Subsequently, when party workers from all over the state started working for our victory in Rohaniya, Anupriya and Ashish formed a new national committee and jeopardised my chances by handing them the responsibility of the campaign,” Krishna claimed.

Secular bull market not over: Sonderssecular bull market not over: sonders
Wall St. eases after last week s big gain; energy weighsS&P 500 posts worst day since October; energy shares sink
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
The S&P energy index <.SPNY> tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil  fell 2.3 percent to $91.70 while shares of Chevron  dropped 3.7 percent to $106.80.
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014. [O/R] The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple  was down 2.3 percent at $112.40, while GoPro  shares fell 6.3 percent at $67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the U.S. equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's  shares shed 3.8 percent to $92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Black Money trail: Pankaj Lodhiya - Bullion trader from RajkotBlack Money trail: Pankaj Lodhiya - Bullion trader from Rajkot
Happy New Year earnings drop but enters Rs 100-cr clubHappy New Year earnings drop but enters Rs 100-cr club
Fixing the recall system1
The decades-old recall system has drawn fire for years but is facing perhaps its most intense scrutiny. As GM car owners and dealerships wait for more new switches from a supplier, GM is scrambling to explain why it took more than 10 years to issue a recall that could have saved lives.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the federal agency in charge of recalls, is also under fire from Congress and safety advocates for not recognizing the problem years earlier and forcing a recall of the switches, now blamed for 13 deaths and at least 47 crashes.
Congressional committees and the Justice Department are investigating, with criminal penalties possible. One legislative proposal, designed to give the system more teeth, would raise the maximum civil fine to $300 million from $35 million for an automaker's failure to inform the NHTSA of safety defects. Last month, the agency announced the maximum $35 million fine for GM.
Safety advocates say the agency needs more power and staff to police the massive industry and performance of 250 million vehicles on the nation's roads.
The agency has defended itself before two congressional committees, saying the problem would have been recognized sooner had GM been more forthcoming with vital information.
GM said it has overhauled its system for recognizing and acting on safety problems earlier, including creating an executive committee in charge of recalls and creating a new global safety chief. An independent internal investigation ordered by GM CEO Mary Barra released June 5 condemned the company for its decadelong failure to fix the deadly safety defect and led to the dismissal of 15 GM employees.
The current recall system is a shared responsibility between the traffic safety agency and automakers, which are expected to notify regulators and the public of safety issues and to initiate voluntary recalls. The safety agency also researches crashes and traffic data and can order recalls.
The system broke down with GM and the agency failing, together and each separately, to decide to recall defective switches that first showed problems in 2001. GM did not issue the first of several recalls for the switches until February. Safety advocates and members of Congress are demanding reform and more accountability.
Rep. Fred Upton, a Michigan Republican and chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said his panel's investigation into the recall could lead to changes in the safety agency's regulatory powers. "We know NHTSA did not identify the problem, but we don't fully know why," he said. "Right now, it is still too early to tell if and what changes need to be made."
Before several congressional committees this year, the NHTSA has said the burden is on automakers to monitor defects and report them within five business days if motorist safety is at risk.
Critics say the agency relies too much on auto companies to self-report problems. But the agency is dwarfed by the sprawling industry it regulates. With just 591 employees, it is responsible for overseeing the safety of all vehicles on the nation's roads.
The agency's Office of Defects Investigation, which reviews more than 45,000 complaints a year, has 51 people.
The agency also points out that its mission is more about promoting driver safety and less about policing safety defects. The agency said it gets more bang for its buck and saves more lives investing in safe driving campaigns, such as nationwide seat belt, anti-texting and anti-drunken-driving promotions. Regulators said they need the industry to self-report safety issues and to initiate its own safety recalls reliably for the system to work.
"The bottom line is that safety is a shared responsibility," said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, whose department oversees the agency. "There are some situations when automakers are in a better position than NHTSA to know information."
As for reaching out to owners of recalled GM cars, Jeff Boyer, its first-ever vice president of global vehicle safety, said, "We're exploring some new avenues on how we can get in better touch with those customers."
Alisa Priddle and Todd Spangler of the Detroit Free Press contributed.

Curse of the crammed diary© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ebe6b24-561a-11e4-93b3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ballmer makes slam dunk on Clippers dealBallmer makes slam dunk on Clippers deal
Arash Massoudi and Alan Livsey in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67215cd2-5d00-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nice Perq If You Can Get It; "Pre-cations" and "Vaca  Your Way"reddit
Pre-cations are paid vacations before starting a new job including salary and expenses for your chosen trip. Is this reality or California Dreamin'?
Looking for work with the ultimate (perquisite) perq? You can get it if you try. This just may be the answer to your dreams, vacation dream that is.
On Huffpost Live , I had the pleasure to share a segment about pre-vactions with Huffpost Live Host Nancy Redd, Jeffrey Diana, Chief People Officer from Australian company  Atlassian based in California and Rafat Ali, the CEO of Skift, the largest travel industry marketing platform. It is well worth tuning in to the segment to see one of the newest trends in employment. You're hired, now go on an all expenses and salary paid vacation before you start work.
We have found it folks, the premier perq on the planet. On the surface, this looks a little crazy but the concept is grounded in serious reality at software company Atlassian.  They not only give pre-cations, they give their employees all the time off they want in a Vaca' Your Way Program. They want new employees to clear their heads before making the transition to their company, give back to the newbies before starting.  Ongoing, they make sure employees have all the time off necessary to keep them productive and happy -- a relatively small cost to the company according to Chief People Officer Diana.
The pre-cation concept is likened to giving the new box of crayons to the new kids in class. But at Atlassian, the more seasoned workers get paid trips every three or so years. Is the message here, once they start work they will be working uber schedules and work excessive hours?
Joining Atlassian, is a small percentage of companies that don't limit and don't track attendance. The benchmark measures whether they simply get the work done. To name a few, Zynga, Groupon, Ask.com, Motley Fool and the Virgin Group .
Atlassian is not a publicly held company. According to Diana, they are pre-initial public offering (IPO).  A privately held organization has a unique ability to make decisions about employee expenditures and reward systems but that may change with an IPO. With public stockholders, expenditures may be a challenge for this extreme type of time off culture, or perhaps not with their proven success.
In reality, this is not a new concept; new employees have been given signing bonuses since the early 1900s. The practice took a dip in the most recent decades due to economic downturn. Signing bonuses waned with a surplus of candidates.  But studies show signing bonuses show dedication and recognition of their talents.
Statistics are clear; employees are reluctant to take vacation. According to Rafat Ali , CEO of Skift, 51 percent of employees haven't taken a vacation day in 2014 and 63 percent haven't traveled in over a year. Employees are concerned that they will be deemed less valuable if they take time off. Many cannot afford vacations and spend money without salary increases.
The average American workweek now consists of 46.7 hours supporting the fear of taking time off.
These trendy concepts would be a hard sell for the public sector. Expenditure of taxpayer money would be challenged requiring clear reins around employee time off. Labor unions want well-defined entitlements and focus on seniority making this process difficult to define and manage.
One of the most challenging management issues has always been controlling attendance problems and time management. Definitely, in each manager's career a little rain will fall. The fact remains that there WILL BE abuses of attendance and in that case, it is critical for employers to have policies and records.
Clear records are important in discrimination challenges and proof of compliance consistent with laws such as the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act . You must be able to support your decisions and backup your rationale with facts.
Managers; if your company offers pre-cations or vacation at-will programs, don't be caught to defend your attendance policies. Similar to tuition assistance payback, in case an employee exits soon after hire, make it part of your offer letter and policies that payback would be required. You would not want money wasted on funds that otherwise would be used for rewarding performance.
Jobs in the service industry are dependent upon employees being there to wait on/provide immediate services. Scheduling is critical. Also, medical practices, hospitals, educational institutions, airlines rely heavily on scheduling. Vaca' your way would provide challenges for employees to get their share of vacation when physical attendance on the job is critical.
Remember, when staff is paid; they are considered employees, not job candidates. That includes the pre-cation period. Many things could happen at that pre-cation that could affect your company. Make sure to start benefits when then complete probation OR at least when they physically work at the company.
What remains is a dog-eat-dog job world where there is competition for loyalty in the form of being at work and contributing to the bottom line.  Again, nice work if you can get it. Atlassian claims success.
More:

7 Steps To Ensure Ebola Doesn t Disrupt Your International Travelreddit
Is it safe to travel? Should we cancel our long-planned family safari in Botswana? Can I get Ebola from an airplane seat? For the last two decades, I've been helping people find the best doctors, treatments and medical information -- and I've never seen the kind of health panic among clients like I do now. (Yes, No and Extraordinarily unlikely are the short answers to these questions, by the way).
For expert advice, I checked in with Dr. Michael Callahan , an associate physician in the Division of Infectious Diseases at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School. Callahan ran one of the Department of Defense programs for mass-casualty infections; he's personally cared for over 400 Ebola patients; and he recently returned from building an Ebola unit in Monrovia. "Sitting directly next to somebody on an airplane who's sneezing is unpleasant and might pose a health risk," Callahan says. "But not for Ebola, because Ebola patients aren't sneezing. Even at the onset of fever, Ebola patients are minimally infectious. By the time they are a danger to others, they are very, very sick. They're making lots of trips to the bathroom, they've been throwing up and they're dehydrated. They're not the people that are on your aircraft."
In fact, you're more apt to get food poisoning, malaria or dengue while abroad. And that's your real problem because the initial symptoms (fever, vomiting, diarrhea) of many of the most common preventable infections mimic those of Ebola. Five airports in the U.S., and, many more globally, have begun enhanced passenger screening to weed out sick passengers for quarantine -- which could mean you or someone in your family if you become sick with similar symptoms at the airport or on a plane. Here are seven ways for travelers to create their own health-security bubble. Tips #3 though 6 are developed for travel to resource-constrained regions.
1. Stop worrying about the air on your plane.
Contrary to popular belief, the air on the vast majority of planes is very safe. Next time you're sitting on the tarmac waiting for take off, watch the little specks of dust in the atmosphere. As soon as the system kicks in, they're sucked upwards into a HEPA-grade filtration system that removes more than 99 percent of bacteria and viruses. Then clean air -- about 50 percent filtered and recycled and 50 percent from the outside -- is circulated through the cabin. "That system takes care of droplets of flu, SARS, MERS and more," says Callahan. "The air on a plane is not where contamination comes from." When Callahan directed DARPA studies of aircraft in Asia, in which they sampled the air and swabbed common touch-surfaces (door handles, faucets and tableware), researchers found influenza, cold viruses and bacteria that can cause diarrhea on the plane's surfaces but not in the air.
2. And start worrying about your hands.
Everyone knows the classic way to catch a virus: A sick person with poor hygiene leaves a little blood, saliva, mucus, vomit, urine or fecal matter on a light switch, handrail, dollar bill, etc. Then you touch that surface and bring your hand to your eyelid, nose or mouth. Think about this whenever you enter a public bathroom: as you touch the flush lever, faucet tap or door handle, you risk transferring pathogens to the cell phone you bring to your face, the coffee cup you raise to your lips or the child resting in your lap.
"People are grossly contaminated on their hands," Callahan says. "Which is why we are rigorous about the use of antiviral hand cleaners, which work beautifully -- especially on clean hands." Soap and water alone don't totally sterilize the viruses on your hands, they just make them fall off; and antivirals don't work as well if the virus is protected by organic matter, like blood and dirt on your hands and under your nails.
Dried Ebola on a doorknob or countertop surface can survive for minutes to hours ; but when the virus is protected in a coating of body fluids, it can last up to several days at room temperature. Common household bleach will kill Ebola and just about everything else, but the most practical way to stay safe while traveling is to wash your hands with soap and water and then follow up with antiviral hand cleaner. Keep a small bottle of it in your pocket, purse or waistband, and use it after every time you touch a public surface. You don't need much -- just a nickel-size dollop in the palm. Rub it in, up to your cuffs, until your hands are cool and dry. Be sure to use a brand that has at least 62.5 percent ethyl alcohol -- the magic number required to kill almost all viruses (including Ebola).
"And pick one that doesn't have a lot of aloe or emollients," Callahan says. "Those just help protect the virus by coating it in a nice shellac of skin products. This is not a beauty product. It's got a job to do."
3. Curb your culinary adventurism.
Traveler's diarrhea (or TD) is the most common health problem for Americans abroad, especially to resource-constrained regions, and it can be caused by a number of common pathogens in food and water. "Anything that's cooked through is going to kill Ebola, so that's not a concern," says Callahan. "But many food- and water-borne cases of TD are due to bacterial toxins that can survive cooking. Typically, if you are vomiting within minutes to three hours of a meal, you can blame a bacterial toxin." Due diligence here includes avoiding raw or undercooked meat; washing and peeling fresh fruits and vegetables yourself; no eating unpasteurized cheeses and milks; and staying away from street food. Ebola is generally not spread through food.
4. Learn a few clean-water tricks.
These clean-water tricks will dramatically reduce bacterial and viral infections, particularly in resource-constrained regions. They're not relevant for Ebola, which cannot survive in water more than a few minutes at most.
In Africa, counterfeit water bottles are a real problem. Inspect the rim of the bottle: Counterfeiters will heat-seal the plastic rings on the neck, melting them back together to make it look like a new, unopened bottle. But if you squeeze it and air gaps and bubbles emerge, that's not a safe water supply. Another telltale sign: Fake labels that look laser-printed. "You can't ever peel off an Evian label in one piece. It falls apart," says Callahan. "The manufacturer purposely does this, in part to prevent counterfeiting of their bottles in Africa."
To sterilize tap water for drinking, four drops of bleach per one liter of water will do the trick. In desperate measures, running the tap until it's about 140-degrees Fahrenheit (so hot that you can only stand it for one second) will greatly reduce (but not eliminate) bacteria in water. (And if you can boil it, that's even better). "It's too hot for most pathogens to maintain their metabolism against the thermo stress so they die," Callahan says.
5. Up your antibodies like a pro.
Many countries are experiencing an increase in pertussis, diphtheria, measles and chickenpox -- all of which can be prevented with vaccine boosters recommended by the CDC such as Tdap (tetanus/diphtheria/pertussis), MMR and VZV . If you follow the CDC travel recommendations , you are good to go, but some high net worth globetrotters also follow what's called an Executive Vaccine Itinerary. You won't find a list of these regimens on any website, says Callahan, but depending on your age, personal medical risks and the known health issues of your destination cities, these measures may also include oral typhoid, meningococcal and rabies vaccine and anti-malarials.
"You don't need to vaccinate with everything available, because vaccines have a potential downside of lost work days from having a sore arm or being feverish," Callahan says. But above all, do not leave home without getting a flu shot. Influenza consistently causes fever in returning travelers from Africa and rural Asia, and when you are boarding a plane is not the time to be feverish.
6. Arm yourself with the right antibiotics.
If you do get sick abroad, medications for stand-by treatment may help you nip it in the bud so you can fly without causing panic among fellow passengers. And this becomes exceedingly important if you are passing through places like the United Arab Emirates (many Kenyan and Tanzanian safari groups transfer through UAE airports), where they are terrified of Ebola. If you show up at the Dubai airport with a fever, it doesn't matter where you're coming from -- you will be quarantined, and any arguments about your civil liberties will fall on deaf ears. Administered under the direction of a physician and depending on where you're going, azithromycin (aka Z-Pak) and rifimixin for food and water-borne diseases (E.coli, salmonella, typhoid fever) and doxycycline for tick-borne diseases may also be good to have, Callahan says.
7. Avoid the stupid stuff.
Now's not the time to wake up in a foreign medical center, with pins in your leg from surgery, and a blood bag hanging by your bed. Upping your hospital-avoidance strategies includes simple things like using local drivers instead of renting a car; not renting motorcycles and mopeds, especially if you don't already drive them at home; no windsurfing over coral reefs. In other words: no risky behaviors.
That includes romantic misadventures. "It's amazing the amount of bad judgment folks can muster when they get off a plane," Callahan says. "In addition to the remorse that they usually feel, they might get a fever or a lump in their groin on their way back home, and there's a whole new problem to worry about." In fact, among men who have recovered from Ebola, the virus can still be present in their semen for up to three months. "We now suspect that Ebola is a sexually transmitted disease as well," Callahan says. "We just never had enough survivors to find that out."
Most Americans have a better shot at winning the lottery than catching Ebola while traveling. But the ripple effects of the outbreak can still ruin your plans in other ways. Getting your shots, avoiding risky behaviors and being vigilant about hand hygiene will help keep you safe and prevent unnecessary delays and fears for everyone.
The WorldPost sent this blog to Dr. Callahan to verify his quotes and references to research findings, and he confirmed their accuracy.
Close

The Influential In-boxreddit
A senior executive at a leading healthcare organization is so frustrated that his team is  ignoring emails that he reached out, exasperated, with this question:
"I communicate a lot of information to a lot of people by sending out regular emails. I spend a lot of time writing descriptions of what is happening and what they are supposed to do about certain situations.
Nobody ever seems to read them - or if they do, they don't remember what I said.
These people aren't dumb! Why can't I get them to stay with the program and keep up with what's going on?"
It's time to think outside the in-box. Email is inefficient. It's bloated and broken.
Today's in-boxes are clogged with cover-your-butt documentation, unread heads-ups and countless attempts to win eyeballs and influence decision-making. How can you break through this clutter to ensure that your e-mails are the ones that people look for, read and respond to? Follow the presence-building Connect-Convey-Convince framework to influence.
STEP 1: CONNECT
Connect with what they value.
Don't make them find Waldo - frontload your subject lines.
The subject line is the single most important element of your email. If a subject line strikes the receiver as relevant, it drives their decision to read and reply. Or vice-versa.
Wimpy, generic subject lines such as "FYI" or "Update" are easy to ignore. Instead, think newspaper headline. Make your subject lines specific and significant. For example, replace "Training" with "Your Ebola Prep Monday 3pm."
STEP 2: CONVEY
Convey with portion control.
Make the content skimmable and mobile-friendly.
Most of us don't read - we skim. And increasingly, we're checking our email on smart phones. Smaller screens call for crisper content. Shorter sentences. More white space.
Use a few bullets and numbers to streamline your content.
This white space leads to deeper reading.
It counteracts the mind-numbing effect of wall-to-wall text.
STEP 3: CONVINCE
Convince with outcomes.
Streamline the effort required to respond and get action.
Offer your readers rapid response solutions with a dash of urgency. For example, if your ideal outcome is a "yes" or "no" reply, conclude with "Please reply with a quick "yes" or "no" by 5 pm Monday." If the reader really values your topic, they'll respond with even more depth.
When your communications Connect-Convey-Convince, you gain trust and influence. You become known as high performance, yet low maintenance. This is a killer combination. As a result, your presence is actually welcome in others' inundated in-boxes.
Follow Connie Dieken on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ConnieDieken
More:

Top Ten Things I Learned at a Leading Work-Life Eventreddit
A couple weeks ago, Working Mother Media convened the 2014 Work-Life Congress in New York City. The annual conference celebrates organizations on the year's " 100 Best Companies " list, bringing in representatives of those organizations plus numerous other players in the work-life world. I love going to events like these: if they are well-planned, featuring interesting topics and strong speakers to present them (as this one did, on the whole), I wind up meeting a lot of stimulating people and walk away buzzing with random bits of information, data and inspiration. So, since we're in the final days of National Work and Family Month, I thought I'd share a few odds and ends of what I picked up.
Herewith, my thoroughly unscientific compilation of the ten most fascinating facts, ideas and comments I heard at this year's Working Mother Work-Life Congress:
Dr. Tracey Wilen, a "thought leader" who moderated a panel on the future of work, provided an anthropological perspective on the role technology plays in shaping workplaces, commenting that: as an agricultural society we gathered around farms, as an industrial society we gathered around factories, as an informational society we gathered around offices and now, in the digital age, we gather around wi-fi spots and electrical outlets. ("How true is that!," I thought, as I dashed out to pick up my phone from the charging locker in the lobby.)
And from the same speaker, we got a fascinating look into the future of on-the-job training--here's the mind-blowing way some BMW technicians are apparently being assisted with auto repair.
From the folks at Working Mother Research Institute, we got confirmation of an intuitive truism: work-life programs are all the more effective when they are more widely accepted and used. According to research published by the institute at the launch of National Flex Day last year, women who are managed by someone who often or always works from home report feeling more supported at work and happier at home. And according to this year's study , which focused on men, men whose employers encourage flexibility are more satisfied over a wide range of variables--from the level of respect they get at work to their career prospects--than those who say their employer could encourage flexibility, but doesn't.
There's a stereotype circulating out there that millennials are demanding and self-involved. Rob Keeling, VP of Human Resources for Capital One, begs to differ. He has been struck by the commitment of today's young people to community service. And in talking with some of them, he's confirmed they're not just doing it for their resumes. "My generation was raised to give back," one teen told him. Think about it, Keeling adds--this is the generation that grew gardens in kindergarten in order to donate food to a homeless shelter. From earliest childhood, many of them have been fed community service as a value. (I would love to see some actual research on how much community service has become part of school curricula. I know in comparing my own baby boomer education to that of my children, their schools are the hands-down winners when it comes to an emphasis on giving back.)
Stop looking at technology as all bad or all good, says Obed Louissaint, VP of People & Culture at IBM. Technology is like a knife: it can be a dangerous weapon or it can be an essential kitchen tool. It's all in how you wield it.
A comment from Carol Evans, President of Working Mother Media: "More women are sidetracked from their careers due to elder care than due to child care. And it frequently happens during their most productive, 'high-value' years."
Dr. L. Casey Chokewood, Director of the Office for Total Work Health at the CDC's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), gave an inspired speech on workplace wellness. As his title implies, he takes a "Total Rewards" approach to wellness--advocating applying it broadly across the workplace. For example? When employees requested free parking, he arranged to have a lot built for them--a full 15-minute walk from the office. (When I ran into him at a later event, he confided: "I'm thinking of slowing down the elevators next. Just enough to make it easier to take the stairs...")
Ted Childs, work-life/diversity guru and namesake of the "Ted Childs Life Work Excellence Award," sums up the business case for workplace wellness memorably, if a trifle morbidly: "If they're sick, they're not working. If they're dying, they're not buying."
A comment from the floor in a session on "Engaging Men in the Work Life Revolution": the president of the United States has been working flexibly for years! He works from Camp David, he works on the road, he works from vacation." (Ok, maybe we shouldn't be promoting the whole "works from vacation" angle, but I thought it was a point well taken.)
One hundred percent of companies on this year's "100 Best" list offer paid maternity leave (no surprise there: it's an eligibility requirement)--as opposed to 5 percent nationwide. 84% offer paid paternity leave, and 90% offer paid adoption leave--versus 12  percent for each nationwide. The number of women being promoted into senior management roles in these companies has slowly crept upward, but the increasing number of women in the most senior positions in corporate leadership is apparently due entirely to an increase in new women hires--the percentage of women being promoted into corporate leadership has held steady at about 31 percent. And many of us were gratified to hear that fully 31 percent of 100 Best companies offer nap rooms, as opposed to just 3 percent, nationwide.
Finally, here's one other thing I learned from my sojourn at the 2014 Work-Life Congress: Tossing your iPhone into a lightweight cloth bag and then holding that bag over your head in a rainstorm is not a smart thing to do.
Robin Hardman is a writer and work-life expert who works with companies to put together the best possible "great place to work" competition entries and creates compelling, easy-to-read benefits, HR, diversity and general-topic employee communications. Find her and follow her blog at www.robinhardman.com .
Follow Robin Hardman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RobinHardmanCom
More:

U.S. services sector growth slows  pending home sales miss forecastU.S. pending home sales post surprise drop in October
An advertisement for a reduced price is seen outside of a home for sale in Dallas
Jessica Rinaldi Reuters,
0
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast pending home sales rising 0.5 percent last month. These contracts become sales after a month or two. Contracts rose in the Northeast, but fell in the South, West and Midwest.
Compared to October of last year, contracts were up 2.2 percent. The level of contracts signed in September was revised slightly higher.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)

Lindsay Benstead  Ellen Lust  Dhafer Malouche and Jakob WichmannBecause Colbert has "been taking a lot of shots at my job," the president said he would "take a shot" Colbert’s.
Dec 9, 2014
Klain has been coordinating the administration’s response to the Ebola outbreak.
Dec 8, 2014
The president was examined at Walter Reed for a sore throat, which was blamed on acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Turns out he has acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Texas governor elect Greg Abbott’s week in review
Dec 5, 2014
Josh Earnest: “We’ll have a little royalty in the house“
Dec 5, 2014
Outrage from both sides following the grand jury’s decision.
Dec 4, 2014
No fill in the blank way
Dec 4, 2014
Lewis was beaten by police during the civil rights movement.
Dec 4, 2014
“At some level everybody is our kid,” he said Thursday.
Dec 4, 2014
Load More
About
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix. She previously worked for the New York Times in Boston and the AP in New Jersey. She was a 2011-12 Knight-Wallace Fellow at The University of Michigan.
Most Read

No  THESE are historys greatest monstersBy Abby Ohlheiser October 27 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Biodiversity Heritage LIbrary. "Sea Devil." Gessner, Conrad. Historia Animalium. 2nd ed. (1604).
A sailor sees a manatee, and suddenly we have stories of mermaids. This is how early monsters were made, as a new collection of images from the Biodiversity Heritage Library makes very clear. The collection is drawn from the texts of early naturalists, who in turn drew from these reported sightings - and a long and robust history of myths - to create drawings of the fabulous and terrifying.
The library (a consortium of several natural history and research institutions) provides some background information for the collection on its blog . "By the 1500s, extensive oceanic exploration was still limited, and the fauna that called these places home remained virtually unknown," the library explained, adding that the collected drawings represent the "first attempts to systematically aggregate and describe these animals."
Mostly, they relied on the accounts of sailors who returned from the sea, with the occasional decomposing remains of a carcass washed up on a beach for good measure. In other words, these naturalists didn't exactly have much in the way of reliable information. 
The collection is made up of woodcuts and prints from a variety of sources, but all contain a mix of the familiar and the unknown. Some of these creatures have lost their status as "monsters" with time and understanding - which isn't uncommon. For instance, the dinosaur hall at the natural history museum at the Smithsonian used to be called the "Hall of Extinct Monsters." 
Biodiversity Heritage Library/ Contributed by University of California Libraries
Many of which were inspired by whales.
Biodiversity Heritage LIbrary/Contributed by University of California
Not scary enough? Try this GIF from the Smithsonian Libraries , based on Conrad Gessenr's "Historia Animalium," 1604:
Smithsonian Libraries
(You can view more of the Smithsonian Libraries GIFs, here )
Some of these creatures were said to exist on land, and some closely resemble actual animals. Here is a "boa."
Biodiversity Heritage Libraries/Contributed by University of California
The woodcut dates back to 1658, in Edward Topsell's "History of Four-footed Beasts and Serpents."
Compared to an actual boa constrictor snake, Topsell's boa was a little scary:
"It was well knowne among all the Romans...that there was a Serpant (neere the river Bagrade) killed with slings and stones, even as a Towne or a little Cittie is over-come, which Serpant was an hundred and twenty foote in length...when Claudius was Emperour, there was one of them slaine in the Vatican at Rome, in whose belly was found an Infant swallowed whole, and not a bone thereof broken..."
For the record, boas can and do eat baby-sized prey , including monkeys and wild pigs. But they don't grow much bigger than 13 feet. Green anacondas can grow bigger, up to 30 feet.
While the real-world inspiration for the creatures is sometimes clear, others get more bizarre.
Ulyssis Aldrovandi ... Serpentum, et draconum historiæ . Biodiversity Heritage Library, contributed by the Smithsonian Libraries.
 
P. Gasparis Schotti, regis curtani.  1662. Biodiversity Heritage Libraries/Contributed by Smithsonian Libraries.
Manitichora, or a man-devourer . Biodiversity Heritage Library/Contributed by University of California.
You can view the full collection of images here. Over the course of the week, the library will talk about some of the real origins of the monsters in their collection, according to the blog .
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Most Tamil refugees want to remain in IndiaNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 16:32 IST
‘Most Tamil refugees want to remain in India’
Pheroze L. Vincent
Tweet
The Hindu
Prof. S. Parasuraman, Director of Tata Institute of Social Sciences, speaks after the release of a study titled 'Exploring durable solutions for Sri Lankan Tamil refugees in India' in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
TOPICS
politics
Around 67,000 refugees are based in 111 camps in Tamil Nadu
A survey by the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), Mumbai, among the one-lakh-odd Sri Lankan Tamil refugees in India has found that 67 per cent of them want to remain in India.
Only 23 per cent of the 520 families surveyed wanted to return to the island nation, while four per cent wanted to migrate to a third country where they had relations, said the TISS survey. The study titled ‘Exploring Durable Solutions for Sri Lankan Tamil Refugees in India’ was released by Rafael Garcia, Country-Director of Adventist Development and Relief Agency, India, at the India International Centre here on Monday.
The most preferred destinations for those who want to go back are Mannar and Vavuniya. Their top three priorities are basic amenities and livelihood opportunities followed by safety.
Although 48.2 per cent of those who wish to return said they needed assistance from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), only 12 per cent of them have approached the agency. K.M. Parivelan, who led the study, said this was because the UNHCR puts them on a flight home and does not provide the logistics for them to take their belongings back.

UPDATE 8-U.S. oil recovers from dip below $80 on short-coveringUPDATE 8-U.S. oil recovers from dip below $80 on short-covering
Pentagon isolates soldiers over Ebola fears  nurse freed from N.J. quarantinePentagon isolates soldiers over Ebola fears  nurse freed from N.J. quarantine
Snapdeal may notch up as much as $1 bn from SoftbankSnapdeal may notch up as much as $1 bn from Softbank
Egypt steps up crackdown on militantsEgypt steps up crackdown on militants
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74a1eb34-5de5-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lo Apotheker: a new life in European tech© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e41a31dc-545e-11e4-84c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Missing IOC officer found inforestPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:56 am
Kaushik Bora, an executive director at the Digboi refinery of the Indian Oil Corporation, who had gone missing on Sunday, was found by the police inside the Upper Dihing reserve forest on Monday.
Bora was located about two km into the forest from the spot where his car was found on the Digboi-Pengeri-Bordumsa road on Sunday, Tinsukia SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh said. “Bora was lying in an unconscious state inside the forest, but we have not found any link to any abduction as suspected earlier,” Singh said.
The SP said Bora was admitted to the Digboi Refinery hospital after being rescued during a search operation, which lasted nearly 20 hours. His mobile phone was missing. “He was bitten by leeches and insects,” the SP said.
Bora, the SP said, had reportedly been suffered from depression for the past few weeks and had also undergone a checkup recently. The officer, who had left his residence at around on Sunday, was reported missing at around 4 pm.

After HomeMin  Customs now plans passengerrisk-profilingPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:54 am
Starting November, the Customs department is set to commence risk-profiling of passengers coming into India in a bid to tighten the noose around tax evaders, including smugglers and perpetrators of commercial frauds.
The system will run parallelly to a similar mechanism under the home ministry for internal security.
The Customs department will prepare electronic profiles of passengers on international flights to see “who are suspicious frequent fliers, those coming from risk-prone areas that are on radar of the investigating agencies like Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), those who have a past offence record and those against which alert circulars have been issued by law enforcing agencies,” an official source told The Indian Express.
Currently, while the department has a system of risk assessment checks in place for sea and air cargo, there is no such mechanism for passengers. The mapping and profiling of passengers, who are short-term visitors or frequent visitors, or against whom offence cases have been registered in the past, is not prepared for monitoring and apprehending the targets.
“Details of passengers travelling to India, prepared manually by the field formation, has been collated to form a database for preventing smuggling. This data along with the database prepared by the home ministry will be used by us for profiling. The department has already prepared a software to generate electronic data. This is likely to start from November. It will enhance our enforcement capabilities and help in passenger facilitation,” the official said.
The idea is to curb smuggling and prevent revenue leakage while at the same time secure international trade route, the official added. For instance, currently, passengers coming from Dubai, Thailand or Bangladesh are on the radar of the customs department for possible gold smuggling.
“The Advanced Passenger Information System (APIS) will also be able to provide us information on exploitation of international trade route by the terrorists for terror financing. This will act as warning against sensitive persons, items and things,” the official said.
The first APIS will be implemented at the Delhi airport and later it will be extended to major ports including Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata.

Businessman found dead in PunehotelPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:54 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 12:15 pm
Pune-based hotelier Ajay Chordia (48), chairman and managing director of Panchshil Hotels Ltd, was found dead in his hotel in Chinchwad Monday afternoon. Stating that primary investigation pointed to suicide, the police said Chordia’s body was found hanging and that a note was found near the body.
According to the police, the incident came to light around 2 pm when Chordia’s body was found hanging near a fire duct adjacent to his office on the 12th floor of his Double Tree Hotel. He was immediately rushed to a private hospital in Pimpri where he was declared dead on arrival. Sources close to the family said it was Chordia’s birthday on Sunday.
A senior police officer said: “Prima facie this is a case of suicide. His body was found hanging with a strip of curtain cloth near the fire duct. But we will be able to confirm this only after we get the post mortem report and a primary probe is conducted into various other aspects. We will also be speaking to family members and staffers of the hotel for more details.”
Additional Commissioner of Police Prakash Mutyal said: “The probe is at a very preliminary stage. We have found a note. But at this stage we cannot discuss the contents, nor can we confirm that it is his handwriting.”
A doctor at the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, who did not wish to be named, said: “Primary observations suggest death has occurred due to hanging.” The post mortem examination was on at the hospital till last reports came in.
Chordia was the managing director of Panchshil Hotels Limited that managed the Double Tree by Hilton property in Chinchwad. He was also an executive committee member of the Hotels and Restaurant Association (HRA), Western India.
Ganesh Shetty, president of Pune Hoteliers and Restaurant Association, said Chordia was an active member of the association. “He had worked hard to ensure the HRA’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) in Pune was a success,” he said.
Family members confirmed Chordia’s death but refused to comment further on the matter.
Chordia is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter. The funeral will be conducted on Tuesday noon after his daughter, who is in the UK, arrives.

Over a week after killing cop  Maoists saysorryPrint
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:52 am
The CPI (Maoist) on Monday apologised for the killing of an unarmed Chhattisgarh constable in Sukma district earlier this month. On October 18, the Maoists had halted a bus ferrying constable Shiv Kumar Sidar to a health centre from his camp in Chintalnar and killed him.
“Our guerrillas killed a policeman…without the permission of our party. We seek an apology (for the act). Shiv Kumar Sidar was going for the treatment of his illness. He was not carrying arms for people’s exploitation. In such circumstances, we consider it wrong that he was nabbed and killed,” a statement released by the south regional divisional committee of the CPI (Maoist) said.
The statement said that their stand towards the police remained the same: “Hum bina target wale police ko nahi marenge. (We will not kill policemen we have not targeted)”. The apology also urged security forces to stop harassing and torturing innocent villagers.
The Maoists had earlier apologised for killing two Bastar-based journalists last year, and after they blew up an ambulance and a minibus in Bastar this year.
Last October, Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee Secretary Ramanna had admitted that the killings of PCC chief Nand Kumar Patel and his son Dinesh in Darbha was a mistake.

Govt doctors on strike inKarnatakaPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:50 am
Government hospitals in Karnataka are likely to face a staff crunch over the next few days on account of a strike called by the Karnataka State Government Medical Officers Association (KSGMOA), which is demanding pay hikes.
The KSGMOA Monday claimed as many as 4,000 doctors who are members of the association had put in their resignations while Health Minister U T Khader said only 911 doctors had quit. The minister claimed that the government has enough back-up doctors to tide over the next few days.
The government doctors have placed 14 demands before the health ministry, including pay hikes. While the government has agreed to a pay hike, it has not agreed to other demands that involve the health policy in the state.
“Resignation of doctors is not a big thing. We have the support of public and private hospitals and interns from medical colleges,” Khader said.
KSGMOA officials, however, said such threats would have no bearing. “There is no point in issuing showcause notices to us. If the government does not heed to our legitimate demands we will start cooperative medical service centres and show them how to run model health facilities,’’ honorary member Dr H Ravindra said.

Dayalu Ammals petition to discharge her in 2G caserejectedPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:49 am
The Supreme Court Monday rejected a plea by DMK supremo M Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal to exonerate her on medical grounds in a 2G scam-related money laundering case.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu asked Ammal’s lawyer to approach the special 2G court and convince it that owing to her mental ailment she was unable to understand the nature of charge being imposed against her.
Ammal’s daughter Selvi had filed the petition on her behalf and challenged the August 20 order passed by the court dismissing her plea.
The bench told her counsel that the trial court was the proper forum to seek discharge on the ground that she was suffering from Alzheimer’s and other diseases. “The judge cannot proceed without making the accused understand the nature of the charge,” it said.
In her plea through her lawyer, 84-year-old Ammal has said that she is a “person of unsound mind incapable of entering her defence” and her medical records “categorically shows that she is suffering from mental ailments which are resulting in the loss of cognitive powers.” The plea also said that a final conclusion on her health could be determined only by medical examination.
Ammal, along with others including ex-telecom minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi, was chargesheeted by Enforcement Directorate in a 2G scam-related case.

Twitter meets earnings expectationstwitter meets earnings expectations
Black Money trail: Goa Congress dubs disclosure as selective blackmailingBlack Money trail: Goa Congress dubs disclosure as selective blackmailing
Black Money trail: When is a foreign bank account illegalBlack Money trail: When is a foreign bank account illegal
Gold trades near one-week low due to tepid demand due to strong dollarGold trades near one-week low due to tepid demand due to strong dollar
Spartan Motors Announces Dividend of $0.05 Per ShareSpartan Motors Announces Dividend of $0.05 Per Share
Is Delhi heading for fresh assembly pollsIs Delhi heading for fresh assembly polls
Govt names businessmen in black money affidavitGovt names businessmen in black money affidavit
Alternatives to Facebook for Small Business Marketingreddit
My friend Faith Cosgrove, of the Dalles, Ore., has been in the interior design business for over 25 years, and has built a solid reputation in Seattle, Portland, San Francisco and the rest of the West Coast. Over the years she has, as a business owner, been forced to adapt to a number of different marketing strategies in an effort to promote her business and stay alive. The rise of social media, however, has completely changed the game for her and most service professionals. And she's not exactly happy about it.
What frustrates Faith the most is that small businesses like hers are largely ignored in social channels like Facebook and Twitter, where the trending topics are dominated by household brands, celebrities and technology giants, unless of course one of those brands experiences a social fail, ala Amy's Baking Company . And because of that, user engagement levels are super low, especially for service professionals, and continuing to sink.
Service professional's come in many forms, from fitness trainers to landscapers to wedding planners to plumbers to interior designers and stonemasons. They typically don't have brick and mortar locations. Trucks? Yes, but big storefronts? No. And their social media budgets, if they have one, are tiny compared with those who dominate the conversation. Social media is an intensive, resource heavy activity. It is also an essential tool to try and master as a service pro, because driving the online conversation, even for a moment, generates new sales leads. For people like Faith, social media is a matter of DIY.
Many of Faith's peers simply follow popular media advice and attempt to promote themselves on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, without getting much return. And while Facebook might work well for a few service pros, it is a curse for an interior designer, or other small businesses concerned with image. Why? User generated content, in the form of follower posts on the business' wall, or in response to what that business has posted, is sometimes completely inappropriate for a business environment. The owner then has to delete the content, which typically angers the person who posted it, and things can go south from there.
In addition, a number of social media 'experts' continue to recommend that small businesses purchase sponsored posts, or buy some 'likes' on Facebook. That's also a losing strategy. Most of the ads I see now on Facebook are using advanced retargeting, which small businesses typically don't have the time, tools, or understanding to employ. Also, the broad array of content lends itself to the latest, 'most interesting' products and ads -- things like the Coolest Cooler, or any Apple product. Most service professionals just don't stand out in a way that can drive Facebook user engagement, because the content around them is not relevant like it is on a site like Houzz or Thursday Market, both of which are transaction focused.
In fact, a recent report shows that monthly Facebook engagement for all brands has dropped more than 40 percent since May of 2013.
So how would I promote myself online as a service professional, minus Facebook? Here's a list of the tools that I think are most effective for those who are interested in maintaining their brand image, engaging potential customers and generating leads:
1. Linkedin : above all else, Linkedin is a marketing wonderland where users can speak directly to any business audience they choose and get referrals. Linkedin's followers are engaged (eg., real), and the business page is user graffiti free.
2. Thursday Market : although I have only used Thursday Market as a beta tester (it actually launched today), the referral platform allows service pros to present their business in the best light, pin the geographic locations where that business has a presence, build like-minded teams of supporting service pros (such as a wedding planner teaming with a photographer), and best of all, generate word-of-mouth marketing from trusted sources, namely friends and neighbors. Ironically, Thursday Market is driven by the power of Facebook connections.
3. Houzz : this platform is unique to the home remodeling space, which suits someone like Cosgrove perfectly. The audience is fairly large, considering Houzz has been at it for a few years, and the site gives users an opportunity to publish content in the form of completed jobs. It also allows users to show clients browse potential designs at their leisure. Again, businesses are able to present the businesses in the best light without worry of user graffiti.
An interior design business is often judged on its ability to showcase its work online without worry, and Cosgrove's clients need to feel like she is trustworthy, considering her crew is working in their homes. User-added pictures of cats shared on her brand's Facebook page could kill the deal. Facebook simply does not meet the needs of today's small business and service professional, nor was it really intended to. If I were Faith, I'd spend the majority of my resources on other platforms.
Follow Reid Wegley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/reidwegs
More:

Drug Companies Double Down on Ebola Vaccinesdrug companies double down on ebola vaccines
8 Quick Ways To Save Money In A Startupreddit
When starting a new company, you'll need to take cost-saving measures to ensure your cash flow stays positive.
Every major company in the world began as a startup at some point. Entrepreneurs everywhere have felt the struggle of limited access to capital, strained resources, and a perpetual fear of ending up with more liabilities than assets.
Fortunately, there are a handful of quick, easy ways that any startup can use to save money during these tough early stages of growth:
1. Use a co-opted space. Having your own office is rewarding, but in your early stages, it's an unnecessary expenditure. Have team meetings in public places while working from home most days, or co-op a workspace so you don't have to pay as much rent.
2. Use the power of negotiation. Most new entrepreneurs underestimate how many expenditures are negotiable. Fixed costs, subscription fees and even some utilities can be negotiated under certain conditions.
3. Rely on freelancers. Don't make a new full-time hire every time the workload gets a little out of hand. Instead, build a reliable network of freelancers who can handle the overflow as it comes up.
4. Get a few interns. Don't use interns as slave labor, but do open your startup to college students and recent graduates who need a real employment experience. They'll help you get work done, and they won't cost you terribly.
5. Compare your sources. There's almost always a better deal, somewhere out there. For every expense you have, shop around to different providers to see if someone can give you more for less.
6. Use free marketing outlets. It doesn't cost anything to set up a Facebook page. Take advantage of free and cheap marketing outlets to help spread the word about your company.
7. Learn the best way to handle your taxes. An experienced tax professional is a worthwhile investment. Odds are, they'll save your business more money than you'll end up paying them.
8. Buy used products. There's no reason why your desk and computer have to be brand-new. Buy used to save money, especially in the early stages of your startup.
Put these strategies to good use in your startup, and watch as your cash flow starts to return in your favor. Just make sure the rest of your long-term strategies are in order first!
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

The vulnerable Punjabi in an unthinkable post inHaryanaManohar Lal Khattar gestures while briefing journalists on what a cabinet meeting decided Monday.
Written by Virender Kumar | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:24 am
Manohar Lal Khattar is often compared with PM Narendra Modi. Like Modi, he comes from a modest background, lives a simple life, is a former RSS pracharak, and is often seen in the “Modi jacket”, in any case a fashion statement among BJP politicians.
Some also liken him to Nityanand Swami, the first chief minister of Uttarakhand, who was chosen for the job by the BJP when the state came into existence in 2000. Swami too was an old RSS loyalist, known for his integrity and simplicity, and, like Khattar, had no administrative experience.
Swami lasted barely a year as chief minister. Soon after he took over, a whisper campaign began that he was an “outsider”. The fact that he was born in Haryana, something he could not have helped, was held against him although he had studied and worked all his life in Dehradun. Next, he was dubbed impractical and simplistic and, therefore, incapable of ensuring the BJP’s victory in the nascent state’s first election. His rivals in the party succeeded, Swami was removed, and Bhagat Singh Koshyari, another RSS veteran but hailing from the hills, was anointed chief minister. It is another matter that the BJP still lost the election to the Congress.
Khattar is being compared to Swami because, besides these similarities, he also looks vulnerable. His vulnerability comes from the fact that he is a “Punjabi”, a term used in Haryana to describe people who were uprooted from western Punjab during Partition and who chose to settle in what would later become Haryana. Essentially, the term encompasses Hindus irrespective of caste, and excludes Sikhs who are counted separately in political-electoral calculations.
Since Punjabis constitute about eight per cent of the state’s population, they are a can’t-be-ignored political constituency. They hold important positions in all parties; the INLD even has a Punjabi, Ashok Arora, as its president. The Haryana government has almost always had one or two Punjabi ministers. In the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government, it was agriculture minister Paramvir Singh. But a Punjabi chief minister? It was unthinkable, until the BJP chose Khattar.
People like Khattar, even if born and settled in Haryana, are still known as “Punjabis”. In fact, they like to call themselves Punjabis and identify more easily with Punjabis elsewhere because of their common language and culture, which are rooted in pre-Partition Punjab, than with Haryanvis.
It was for that very reason that a Punjabi chief minister in Haryana was unthinkable. After all, wasn’t Punjab reorganised because of a demand for an exclusive Punjabi-speaking state?
Before denouncing this as parochialism, or seeing shades of Haryana’s khap culture in it, one should consider a few questions. Hindus are about one-third of the population of Jammu and Kashmir, but why is the chief minister always Muslim? They are about 47 per cent of the continued…

Khattar vows to review  if needed undo  Hooda govts latedecisionsManohar Lal Khattar.(Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:46 am
Haryana’s new chief minister, Manohar Lal Khattar, said today his cabinet has decided to review many of the decisions taken by the previous Congress government towards the end of its term.
“Whichever policies and decisions are found to be in public interest will continue to be implemented, the rest will be scrapped,” Khattar told the media after chairing a meeting of the newly formed cabinet here today.
The cabinet has also decided to put all ongoing recruitments and appointments on hold for the time being and “reexamine” all appointments and recruitments made by the previous government after May 16, 2014.
This means the appointment of officers perceived as close to former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to coveted posts, such as Right to Information Commissioner, Right to Service Commissioner and Food Commission member, will come under the scanner. So will that of officers who were re-employed by the Hooda government in the last five months.
“All appointments in which the officers were re-employed before their retirement or in violation of any rules will also be reviewed and, if found irregular, reversed,” Khattar added. “I have sought a list of such re-employments to take further action in the next cabinet meeting.”
All last-minute decisions by the Hooda government, which include implementation of state pay scales at par with the Punjab government and increasing old age pension, will be reviewed, the CM said. The government had announced implementation of both these decisions from November 1.
On alleged land scams during Hooda’s tenure, including the Robert Vadra-DLF land deals, Khattar said, “We will not indulge in vendetta politics. However, complaints will be probed and the law will take its course.”
During an interaction with the media, Khattar also announced that the Vidhan Sabha session will begin on November 3.
Khattar arrived at the media briefing at the scheduled time of 12.15 pm. After discussing the cabinet decisions and replying to a couple of questions from journalists, Khattar left in nine minutes. He left for New Delhi in the evening.
No announcement on ministers’ portfolios was made today. Khattar is expected to first discuss the portfolios with the BJP leadership.
“The priority of the state government is to implement the agenda for the welfare of people of the state. The cabinet has also decided to review complaints on paddy procurement and action will be taken at the next cabinet meeting,” Khattar said.

Cong veteran Mangat Ram joinsPDPPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:17 am
Former deputy chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir and senior Congress leader Mangat Ram Sharma has joined the People’s Democratic Party along with his son Subash Sharma, a trade union leader. The 84-year-old, “Panditji” to his supporters, joined the PDP in presence of former chief minister and party patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed at the latter’s home on Sunday.
The disgruntled Congress leader, who was sidelined by the party following his defeat in the 2009 assembly polls, told The Indian Express over phone from Kathua that he was sad to leave the Congress but had no option.
“The Congress has now become a party of the rich and the opportunistic,” Sharma said, and added people like him, who has worked for the party for six decades, have no place in it.
He said he has been assured that his son will be fielded from Kathua in the elections.
Sharma, who was deputy CM in Sayeed’s coalition government and then health and medical education minister in the Ghulam Nabi Azad government, used to be a government officer who, a year after being appointed block development officer in 1957, quit the job following a call from then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru to join the Congress in Jammu and Kashmir.

Dont titillate or sensationalise  Cong tellsgovtPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:17 am
Days after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said revealing the names of holders of accounts with illicit money could embarrass the Congress, the party said Monday if the name of any Congress leader is in the list, he or she would deal with it.
The Congress also asked the BJP government to refrain from “press sensationalism and political titillation”. “This is not an occasion for press sensationalism by the government or for political titillation by talking of names to the media. They are the government, they control the ministries and departments. It is now almost a week since we said whatever you want to state or reveal, do it.
Don’t titillate, don’t sensationalise, and don’t play games,” Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
Replying to questions about the possibility of Congress leaders’ names figuring in the list, Singhvi said, “If there is a name, the individual concerned will deal with it. The larger question is different. Where are the 55,000 names promised by Baba Ramdev and where are the lakhs and crores of money projected by them?”
AAP take: Stop being selective and reveal full list
The Aam Aadmi Party on Monday demanded that the government disclose the names of all those who have parked illicit funds abroad and accused the BJP-led government of adopting a “selective approach” on the issue.
“We demand that the government disclose all names, complete the probe in a time-bound manner and take uniform action against those who are guilty. According to our information, action is being taken against those on the list selectively. Whereas stringent actions like tax raids and prosecution are being taken against some, the powerful ones are being let off,” AAP chief and former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal said.
He said that the full list of those with black money in foreign banks should be made public. Producing the statements of three persons who allegedly admitted to having money stashed abroad during the income tax investigation, Kejriwal, flanked by AAP leaders Prashant Bhushan and Manish Sisodia, said that these statements show how easy it is to open a foreign bank account with “illicit money”.

Kill an elephant  get away with Rs 500finePrint
Under laws recommended for repeal, a religious convert can file for divorce but not spouse, govt can block any Indian’s recruitment abroad
Written by Rakesh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:14 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:43 am
What can you say of laws that impose a fine of only Rs 500 on a person who kills an elephant, permit the Director of Estates to reserve one-fourth of Delhi’s hotel accommodation for official use, or allow religious converts but not their spouses to initiate divorce proceedings?
These laws, many enacted more than a century and half ago, still exist in Indian statute books.
Submitting an interim report, “Obsolete Laws: Warranting Immediate Repeal”, last month to Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, the Law Commission expressed the hope that its “suggestions and recommendations… would constitute a major step in the direction of simplifying the legal structure”.
Days later, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaking at Madison Square Garden, said he would do away with one obsolete law every day and recalled how earlier governments took pride in ensuring more and more complex laws.
In its report, the Law Commission, chaired by Justice A P Shah, said “253 laws despite having been recommended for repeal” by earlier panels still exist in statute books. It has asked for removal of 34 laws that have been repealed but remain listed on the government website, and recommended 72 statutes for repeal after examining a list of 261.
“… They fall into one or more of the following categories — first, the subject matter of the law in question is outdated, and a law is no longer needed to govern that subject; second, the purpose of the law in question has been fulfilled and it is no longer needed; and third, there is a newer law or regulation governing the same subject matter.”
These are 12 of the 72 gems in the statute books, with the commission’s notes on each:
Bengal District Act
Act 21 of 1836
“This Act gives power to the state government in Bengal to create new districts by notification in the official gazette… While new districts are now formed by state governments under their respective revenue codes, Bengal is a special case where it is still being done under the Central Act. This law may be repealed if the power to create districts is instead included in the relevant West Bengal statute.”
Sonthal Parganas Act
Act 37 of 1855
“The preamble states that ‘the general Regulations and Acts of Government now in force in the Presidency of Bengal are not adapted to the uncivilised race of people called Sonthals’. The Act cites this as the reason for removing from the operation of such laws the district inhabited by this tribe. The Act employs language to describe the tribal population that has no place in the modern era.”
Converts’ Marriage Dissolution Act
Act 21 of 1866
“This Act was enacted to allow the dissolution of marriages of converts from Hinduism to Christianity, on the grounds that they have been deserted or repudiated on religious grounds by spouse. It enables divorce proceedings to be initiated by the continued…

OVL set to acquire equity in 2 PetroVietnam blocks  up Indias stake in South ChinaSeaPrint
Written by Amitav Ranjan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:08 am
Undaunted by China, New Delhi will sign pacts with Hanoi on Tuesday to step up energy cooperation including a pact between ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL) and PetroVietnam (PVN) for taking up to 50 per cent equity each in the latter’s two blocks in the controversial South China Sea.
OVL will sign an agreement to take 40 per cent equity in block 102/10 and 50 per cent in 106/10 that lie outside the sea territory claimed by China. Once the pact is signed, the firms will negotiate the terms of the production sharing contract (PSC) under the Vietnam law.
The blocks are from among the five blocks offered by PVN last November. OVL’s technical team recommended them after a due diligence and techno-economic evaluation of the data.
In turn, PVN will sign an agreement to take 50 per cent equity in OVL’s Block 128 in South China Sea which the Indian firm had earlier planned to exit. OVL, which currently holds 100 per cent interest, would get a further two-year extension starting June 2014.
OVL is offering equity to PVN to de-risk exploration in the block over which China had claimed territorial rights. It had in June 2012 decided to return the block as exploration there wasn’t commercially viable but did a volte-face at the insistence of the external affairs ministry which wanted India to continue its presence in South China Sea.
The pacts would be signed during the visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung who is on a two-day visit starting Monday to demonstrate oil and gas exploration as a key area of cooperation between the two nations. China has been objecting to India’s oil exploration projects in South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons. Hanoi says oil exploration projects by India in the sea are within the territorial waters of Vietnam.
However, a letter of intent signed between OVL and PVN during President Pranab Mukherjee’s Vietnam visit last month sparked off a foreign ministry statement in Beijing that China would not “support any agreement” that dealt with any “waters administered by China, or is not approved by China”. On Tuesday, OVL’s parent Oil & Natural Gas Corp will also sign an MoU with PVN for equity participation by the Vietnamese state-run company in exploration of hydrocarbons in nine blocks in India’s southern basins.
While five of them are onshore and offshore blocks in Cauvery basin, four are deepwater blocks in Andaman-Nicobar basin, a frontier zone that lies between producing fields in south Myanmar and northwest Indonesia.

To beat quarter-se-quarter-tak culture  govt okays longer tenures for future SBIchiefsSBI may be treated on a different footing compared to smaller banks given its pedigree, size and systemic importance in the Indian banking industry.
Written by Shaji Vikraman | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:06 am
Half-a-dozen state-owned banks may be headless and governance issues at some of these lenders remain yet to be addressed, but a proposal approved by the government will ensure a minimum tenure of four to five years for the next chiefs of India’s largest bank- State Bank of India.
A decision to provide a longer term in office was taken by the government after the appointment of the current chairperson of SBI, Arundhati Bhattacharya, last year.
While she will have a three-year stint, her successors who will be chosen from a crop of managing directors in the bank, will have fixed tenures of four to five years. This could lend stability and help the management work on and implement medium and long term business and strategic plans, a top banker briefed on the development said.
This will also mean that the residual age bar — the minimum number of years in service until 60 which is the retirement age for PSU bankers — will not apply for the next SBI chief, the person said. Arundhati Bhattacharya’s predecessor — Pratip Chaudhuri was in office for just two years. SBI, which, along with its associate banks, controls close to a fourth of banking assets of all Indian lenders does not have too much of a reason for concern when it comes to governance, its chairperson, Arundhari Bhattacharya told The Indian Express. The quality of the SBI board, too, is good, she said, a worry otherwise in many other PSU banks.
She is the first woman to head the 208-year-old bank.
Relatively short stints at the top state-owned banks have led to what bankers term as the ‘Quarter-Se-Quarter-Tak’ or QSQT culture, marked by bank chiefs looking to boost numbers especially towards the second half of their tenure.
Such short stints also leave senior bankers, especially those appointed to banks where they have not worked in the past, little time to address organisational issues including succession plans or to develop a long-term business plan. A committee appointed by the RBI ad headed by the former chairman of Axis Bank, PJ Nayak on governance in state-owned banks had recommended a minimum tenure of five years for CMDs and three years for executive directors. Besides, it had also suggested improving the quality of PSU bank boards, their discussions and to focus on key areas such as business strategy, financial reports, risk and compliance.
The government — which has a controlling stake in public sector banks is yet to act on the committee’s recommendations though it has said that the report is being vetted.
Private banks in India, which are expanding rapidly and moving up the pecking order for Indian banks, are not hamstrung by norms on appointment continued…

McDonald s Innovation Center goal: Better service at...1
One week this month, a team from Australia was testing how to incorporate a customized gourmet burger into its restaurants. The following week, teams from Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland came to do their own tests. The mock drive-thru can be moved to accommodate the side of the car used by a driver in a specific country.
Though McDonald's tinkers with its food in facilities around the world, the 38,000-square-foot Innovation Center is the only place where restaurant setup is worked on in such detail.
In the 13 years that the current center has been operating, it has had some changes, including the addition of more kitchens. A second floor was added with the observation deck, desk space and meeting rooms meant to inspire, named after innovators such as Leonardo da Vinci and Steve Jobs. About 80 crew members and five managers work in the warehouse's test restaurants.
Ed Bridgman, senior director of innovation and operations, got his start working at a McDonald's restaurant 40 years ago. Together, he and others at the center hold 49 patents in areas such as kitchen operating systems and drive-thrus, dozens of which are displayed on the building's walls.
"I've been fortunate to go to some large manufacturing innovation centers," Bridgman said. "This one is much more interactive and trying to deal with, from my opinion, a much more complicated set of environments."
Take, for example, the temporary restaurant for the 2012 Summer Olympics. Bridgman and others worked on how many registers it should have, along with kitchen production, beverage machinery and space for ordering.
"On any given time of day when it was operating, there may have been 300 to 400 people operating it and several thousand people visiting," Bridgman said.
Though the Innovation Center can help the collaborative process, there can be conflicts when bringing together experts on technology, engineering and design, as well as trying to solve problems for dozens of countries, Roberts said.
"In some markets, our family business and the in-store experience remains paramount. In other markets, convenience and the way convenience is evolving" are the focus, Roberts said. "It's not as simple as we're going to do just one thing."
Some sophisticated pieces of equipment can take three to four years to create and test. Processes are tweaked multiple times before they make their way into restaurants. Other proposed changes don't make it out of the building.
A few years ago, for example, McDonald's toyed with a dispenser that would put the right number of Chicken McNuggets into a basket before cooking, rather than having an employee count them out.
"The nugget dispenser worked, but at the end of the day, it didn't really make our crew's life that much easier," Gilbert said. That project, as she put it, is "on the shelf."
So, too, is a fully automated fryer for french fries. The equipment "proved a little too sophisticated for the restaurants," but parts of it made their way into fry stations around the world, Gilbert said.
Another shelved project, at least for now, involved a 3-D printer housed in what looked like a giant Happy Meal box to create toys for children's meals in the restaurants. A version of it sits upstairs in the center.
McDonald's executives said they believe their space is the most advanced in the industry.

Chicago office towers draw foreign interestChicago office towers draw foreign interest
ct-foreign-real-estate-investment-1017-biz
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
China-based Cindat Capital Management partnered with Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group this year to buy the 65-story office tower at 311 S. Wacker Drive for more than $300 million.
China-based Cindat Capital Management partnered with Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group this year to buy the 65-story office tower at 311 S. Wacker Drive for more than $300 million. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
Homes Real Estate Buyers Real Estate Sellers Chicago Council on Global Affairs
Why foreign investors are kicking the tires on Chicago office properties.
While not as eye-popping as the recent $1.95 billion deal to sell New York City's Waldorf Astoria to a Chinese firm, sales of Chicago-area real estate to foreign buyers are on the rise.
Interest is particularly keen for downtown office buildings, which saw $2 billion in deals with foreign buyers in 2013 and the first half of 2014, representing 26 percent of total transaction volume, according to Real Capital Analytics. This is up from a decadelong metro-area average of 16 percent and a post-recession average of 21 percent.
  Open link
"Chicago has seen an increased amount of foreign investment into its commercial real estate as intense competition for similar assets in markets like New York and San Francisco has driven pricing in those markets to very expensive levels," said Ben Thypin, director of market analysis at Real Capital Analytics.
Manhattan remains the king in sheer volume of international real estate investment of all sorts during the 18-month period ended June 30, followed by Los Angeles and Chicago. In the office sphere, the metro areas with the biggest percentage of foreign deals in the period were Washington, Los Angeles and Chicago, in that order.
8
But the growing interest in Chicago office towers is seen as a vote of confidence by some observers.
"It says something about Chicago being perceived as a global city," said Phil Levy, senior fellow at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. "There is global competition for those funds ... and people look for where there will be a good return on their investment."
With numerous international regions engulfed in turmoil, investors are looking for safe havens and for investments with the potential to provide better returns than government bonds, he noted.
The downtown Chicago office market, in addition to its relatively reasonable prices, has several other selling points, said Bruce Miller, managing director/capital markets at the Chicago office of commercial real estate firm JLL, also known as Jones Lang LaSalle.
New office construction is at a low level compared with its historic pace. This will keep supply limited at a time when demand is rising, in part, because of the growing number of innovation-oriented firms drawn to the central city, he said. Close to 45 suburban companies have taken 3.5 million square feet in the downtown market during the past five years, with most of the activity in the past 18 months, he said.
cComments
NYC = Just waiting for another Hurricane Sandy Los Angeles = Drought, Earthquake. Houston = Primed for another oil industry/housing bust. Based on actuarial data, Chicago is actually the safest real estate investment because of its low exposure to natural disasters, high transit capacity, and...
Mo'nique
1
"If you have very minimally growing supply and strong demand, causing rental rate growth and increasing occupancy rates, those are the exact dynamics that offshore investors are looking for," he said. The average sale price per square foot is $281 so far this year, up about 9 percent from 2013, according to JLL.
While the region has drawn interest from Canadian and European buyers in recent years, it is starting to garner more attention now from Asian investors, including from South Korea, Japan and China.
When China-based Cindat Capital Management partnered with Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group this year to pay more than $300 million for the 65-story office tower at 311 S. Wacker Drive, it was viewed as a sign that Chinese investors were beginning to look beyond coastal gateway cities like New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
"We have not yet seen a wave of Chinese capital looking at office product, but it's only a matter of time," Miller said. China's government has been easing restrictions on foreign real estate investment.
The rise in international investment in downtown office space is seen as one factor contributing to continued recovery in the sector, which is not yet back to pre-recession levels.
JLL forecasts downtown office sales volume this year will surpass the $3.3 billion seen last year, but this still would be well below the $5.3 billion in volume in 2006.
The downtown office vacancy rate was 12.7 percent in the third quarter, down from a post-recession peak of 14.3 percent two years ago, but still above rates in the 10.5 percent range in 2008.
Foreign investment activity remains at lower levels in retail, industrial, apartment and hotel sectors here.
Major office buildings with multinational corporations as tenants are easier for an outsider to understand, plus they have the large scale investors are looking for, Thypin said.
As well, they "are seen as a very liquid real estate asset," he said. "Foreign investors are generally long-term investors but it's important for them to be able to sell the asset in short order if the situation merits it," he said.

U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade coming to Chicago0
"Increasing opportunities for trade between Chicago businesses and their Chinese counterparts is critical to the continued growth of our city's economy," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement. "This summit will help highlight how Chicago and the nation can become stronger trade partners with China well into the future."
The mayor last year signed economic partnership agreements with eight Chinese cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenyang, Tianjin, Qingdao, Hangzhou, Wuhan, and Chengdu. The aim is to build cross-border investments.
Issues addressed at last year's JCCT summit in Beijing included protection and enforcement against theft of trade secrets; government procurement; market access for U.S. testing and certification companies; and market access for American beef.
This is the first time a U.S. meeting of the summit will be held outside Washington, D.C. It will include meetings led by Pritzker, Froman and China's vice premier in charge of trade and investment issues.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack will participate in discussions on agricultural trade issues.

2014 Campaign Shows Growing Public Disdain for Predatory For-Profit Collegesreddit
In the 2o12 election campaign, when a reporter asked GOP candidate Mitt Romney what he planned to do about higher education and college affordability, Romney praised for-profit colleges, and particularly one school, Florida's Full Sail University, for its ability to "hold down the cost of their education." It was eventually exposed that: (1) Full Sail was perhaps the third most expensive college in America, (2) Full Sail's owners were heavy contributors to the Romney campaign, and (3) Romney's own private equity firm was actually invested in Full Sail .  But whatever Romney's motives in singling out this sector, it was notable that a leading office seeker was willing to praise the for-profit college industry, and that such praise did not create much concern with the public.
Times have changed dramatically since then. In 2014, numerous candidates for office have made a point of stressing their efforts to stand up for students by fighting the abuses of predatory for-profit colleges. Hillary Clinton also has singled out the for-profit college industry for criticism.  Meanwhile, even though the for-profit college industry continues to pour campaign contributions into Capitol Hill coffers, I haven't found any 2014 candidates out there who, like the 2012 Romney, have affirmatively stressed their support for the industry. HBO comedian Bill Maher has even made an entrenched GOP House chairman's support for the industry a central basis for his effort to oust that incumbent from office, while John Oliver offered a devastating attack on the industry on his own HBO show.  The numerous law enforcement investigations , and the overwhelming evidence that predatory colleges are deceiving, overcharging, and under-educating students, while taking in billions in taxpayer money, has made this industry toxic in campaign discourse.
This turn of events comes as President Obama faces a critical decision about issuing a new "gainful employment" rule that would hold cut off federal aid to career colleges that consistently leave students buried in debt. With the President and many of his policies currently unpopular on the campaign trail, the Administration might consider that taking a tough stance regarding predatory college companies that rip off students and taxpayers alike would not only be the right thing to do, but also would garner approval from the public.
Here are some examples of how predatory for-profit colleges are pariahs on the 2016 campaign trail:
Wisconsin Democratic attorney general candidate Susan Happ released a plan on October 3 to work with other state attorneys general and federal agencies to crack down on for-profit colleges that harm students. Her plan includes imposing "hefty penalties" for consumer violations and providing veterans with better information about for-profit schools, which Happ charges targets vets with deceptive, high-pressure sales tactics.
Massachusetts Democratic attorney general candidate Maura Healey, too, has made an aggressive plan to take on abusive for-profit colleges a key part of her campaign. Healey calls the industry's tactics a "definition of a public policy disaster" and says the next state has a "moral" responsibility to lead on this issue. The current Massachusetts AG, Martha Coakley, is running for governor, and is touting her own strong record of investigating this industry and punishing bad actors.
The Chicago Reader reported on how Illinois governor candidate Bruce Rauner "makes money from for-profit schools and worthless degrees," noting that Rauner's private equity firm and foundation have invested in EDMC and other for-profit college companies with a record of deceiving and abusing students. Rather than embracing Rauner's connections to the for-profit college industry, Rauner's spokesman tried to minimize them.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), up for reelection this year, has been a national leader in  stressing the need for strong action to curb the abuses of for-profit colleges.
At Fort Campbell, TN, on October 21, Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway, a 2015 Democratic candidate for governor who is the leader of the 37 state attorneys general working together to probe the for-profit college industry, stood with the new Tennessee attorney general, Republican Herbert Slattery, and Holly Petraeus of the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as Petraeus discussed efforts to protect service members and veterans from for-profit college scams.
Meanwhile Bill Maher has made Rep. John Kline (R-MN), chair of the House education committee, the subject of his "Flip a District" project, singling out Kline's slavish support for for-profit colleges and the piles of campaign cash the industry has given him. Over the weekend the Minneapolis Star-Tribune predictably supported returning the powerful incumbent Kline to office, but made a point of warning that Kline "needs to more aggressively hold disreputable for-profit colleges accountable." Similarly, the Kansas City Star backed incumbent Republican attorney general Derek Schmidt to return to office, but criticized him for his failure "to get involved in cases that could help Kansans, such as joining with other attorneys general in actions concerning abuses by for-profit colleges."
And, in another measure of the strong political tide against predatory colleges, Hillary Clinton , addressing a University of Nevada Las Vegas audience on October 13, attacked "fly-by-night for-profit schools" and predatory lenders that "exploit students."  It probably has not escaped Clinton's notice that Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) has been a strong critic of the for-profit college industry.
Finally, while a number of members of Congress submitted comments to the Obama administration opposing the original version of the gainful employment rule in 2011, this year not a single member of Congress wrote to object generally to the rule.
Many politicians remain willing to take for-profit college money. But few remain willing to defend this pariah industry when facing voters.
This article also appears on Republic Report .
Follow David Halperin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DHalpDC
More:

Conservatives for Stimulus - A New Bumper Stickerreddit
Wal-Mart is a favorite of mine. The company's rise since the 1970s has done more to fight inflation than the Federal Reserve. Chain groceries near a Wal-Mart have to lower prices. It sells over 350 generic drugs for less than $4 a month, pushing competing pharmacies to offer similar programs. It has promoted computerized medical records that will cut costs and improve healthcare, and its commitment to sharply reduce energy use and packaging pushes competitors to follow.
I write this, however, not to praise Wal-Mart but to criticize it. Unemployment and underemployment are killing Wal-Mart's middle and lower income customers. The company, however, is doing little to support those in politics and the media for whom unemployment, underemployment and stagnant incomes are the crucial economic issue of our time in their battle against the deficit hawks who have been sabotaging recovery since 2009.
There are no doubt reasons why the company avoids this fight. The most likely reason is that Wal-Mart's leaders share the conservative article of faith that deficits are bad and that more government spending is liberal and a threat to the free market economy. This view, however, is bad economics bolstered by bad history. Big deficits were a conservative idea before they became a liberal one. Conservative pro-enterprise economists at the University of Chicago --- the teachers of Milton Friedman --- urged President Hoover and the Congress in 1932 to deficit spend to combat unemployment. (See J. Ronnie Davis, The New Economics and the Old Economists, The Iowa State University Press, 1971.) These ardently free enterprise economists understood that governments are the only ones who can borrow and spend when the private "credit-money" system collapses as it did in the Great Depression, and as it almost did again in 2008.
The view that deficit spending is "liberal" is bad history. It took root in the mid-1930s when New Dealers gave up on the budget cutting that both President Hoover and FDR favored. They gave up on it because austerity did not work then any better than it does today.  Facing reality, many New Dealers like the early Chicagoans came to champion government spending as the only way to replace the buying power of private credit that disappeared in the Crash and the years thereafter.
Support for deficit spending came to be called "Keynesian" much later with the publication of Keynes' "General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money" in 1936.  The record shows, however, that American economists with impeccable conservative credentials were calling for such spending years earlier. Indeed some of the best known among them, Jacob Viner and later Milton Friedman, were irked that policies Chicagoans had favored in 1932 were labelled Keynesian.
There is no doubt that deficit spending is effective in reducing unemployment. The large deficits the U.S. finally ran to finance World War II ended the Great Depression and allowed the country to grow at a 13 percent annual rate from 1940 to 1944. The deficits paid for hundreds of thousands of planes, tanks, trucks and guns, drove unemployment to near zero and raised living standards to boot.
The point is that Wal-Mart and other business leaders can be comfortable supporting government deficits to speed up and expand the recovery. Support implies no hostility to entrepreneurship or enterprise, or allegiance to protectionism or unionism or support for much government regulation or big government. The Chicagoans wanted the government to borrow or issue money and spend it for profoundly conservative reasons --- to save the private enterprise system. They believed that the instability of "credit money" created by private banks was the cause of the Depression not the competitive enterprise economy itself. The blessings of that enterprise economy could not be reclaimed without government spending to fill the hole left by the collapse of private credit and the spending it financed, these conservatives argued.
Wal-Mart's working class customers need government to buy goods and services so that they can find jobs, get raises and increase purchases. Larger government expenditures on things like infrastructure and education to put money in working class pockets would be good for Wal-Mart and for the free enterprise system. The Clinton Administration drove unemployment to below four percent without inflation. Spending to get unemployment to that level should be the company's minimum target because that is what its customers need. The company leads in the battle against inflation. It also should lead to restore full employment.
More:

Scientists identify an unexpected ice cloud on Saturns moonBy Rachel Feltman October 27 Follow @rachelfeltman
This cloud in the stratosphere over Titan’s north pole (left) is similar to Earth’s polar stratospheric clouds (right). NASA scientists found that Titan’s cloud contains methane ice, which was not previously thought to form in that part of the atmosphere. Cassini first spotted the cloud in 2006. (L. NASA/JPL/U. of Ariz./LPGNantes; R. NASA/GSFC/M. Schoeberl)
Titan's icy clouds have yielded another surprise: Just weeks after scientists reported that Saturn's moon had massive clouds of cyanide in its atmosphere, another team of researchers says they've found methane gas as well, which produces dense clouds similar to the ones seen above Earth's north and south poles.
Scientists already knew that Titan produced methane clouds in the lower layers of its atmosphere. These form the same way that low clouds do on Earth — with vapor rising, cooling and eventually becoming dense enough to fall back to the surface of the planet — but are made of methane instead of water.
But for clouds to form in the upper layers of the atmosphere, you need much colder temperatures. Otherwise, all of the moisture is trapped before it gets that high. On Earth, these kinds of clouds form more than 49,000 feet above the Earth's poles, where temperatures drop below -180 degrees Fahrenheit.
Titan is colder than Earth, but didn't seem cold enough to allow methane clouds to form in the upper atmosphere. But it turns out that the temperature varies in different locations of the moon. At its poles, researchers using data from NASA's Cassini orbiter report, there's a drop of as much as 11 degrees.
That drop seems to be enough to yield high-altitude clouds. On Titan, the clouds probably form between 98,000 and 164,000 feet above the surface.
"Titan continues to amaze with natural processes similar to those on the Earth, yet involving materials different from our familiar water," Scott Edgington, Cassini deputy project scientist for NASA, said in a statement . "As we approach southern winter solstice on Titan, we will further explore how these cloud formation processes might vary with season."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

This high-tech tablet could make conversation between the deaf and hearing seamlessBy Rachel Feltman October 27 Follow @rachelfeltman
MotionSavvy, a startup company, is developing a device for tablet computers that could improve communication for deaf people by using gesture recognition technology to translate sign language into speech and converting speech to text. (Youtube/ MotionSavvy)
Soon, the deaf could use a special tablet to translate their sign language into spoken word. The device, developed by a start-up called MotionSavvy, is currently being crowdfunded with an IndieGoGo campaign .
Called UNI, the device itself is actually a tablet case -- one that contains a high-speed sensor, capable of sensing hand movements down to fractions of a millimeter. The accompanying software uses gesture recognition to track the hand motion of signers, then translates their signs into text. Words spoken in response are displayed as text onscreen, facilitating a two-way conversation even if the deaf speaker has trouble vocalizing and the hearing speaker doesn't know sign language.
UNI isn't meant to replace the need for human sign language interpreters. In fact, MotionSavvy CTO Alexandr Opalka told WIRED, he and his team hope UNI will lead to a boom in business for them: The idea is to help the deaf get past initial barriers, such as job interviews at companies that don't provide interpreters.
"If you can't communicate during an interview, you're not getting the job," Opalka told WIRED . Indeed, some estimate that half or more deaf adults in the United States are unemployed. "With UNI, we predict more people who are deaf will be able to get jobs and stay working, and that's how we'll get more people to hire interpreters. There will be more people in the workforce."
The IndieGoGo video shown above uses the more heartwarming example of childhood friendship, but the product's goal can still hold true: A child unafraid to introduce themselves is much more likely to convince their peers to learn enough sign language to play with them.
Opalka  and his fellow co-founders  are deaf themselves, having initially met and collaborated at Rochester Institute of Technology's National Technical Institute for the Deaf. So far, they say their feedback from others in the deaf community has been overwhelmingly positive.
And they're certainly committed to getting the technology into the hands of those that need it. After receiving feedback, they dropped the projected cost of the device from $799 to $200, plus a small monthly subscription fee for the software.
One of the most difficult challenges will be accommodating the many variations in sign language, Opalka wrote in an e-mail. "There are many different 'accents' and personalized signing styles, and this has to be accounted for," he said. But UNI will allow users to input custom signs and share them with the database, making the technology infinitely customizable.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Chiquita agrees to $681 million takeover0
Chiquita had rejected Cutrale-Safra's overtures three times, including last week when it said the $14.50-a-share price wasn't superior to its plans to buy Irish banana producer Fyffes Plc. The company, which also sells salad under the Fresh Express brand, changed its mind and began talks with the two Brazilian companies after its shareholders voted Oct. 24 to reject the Fyffes deal.
"It has impressive brand loyalty and recognition through its Chiquita and Fresh Express brands, providing the company with a strong competitive edge in the growing worldwide demand for high-quality fresh fruits and salads," the acquirers said.
Cutrale, a closely held fruit juice company, and banks controlled by Brazil's second-richest man, Joseph Safra, initially made an unsolicited offer of $13 a share to buy Chiquita in August. The bidders cited benefits for Chiquita from their farming, processing, logistics and marketing knowledge.
Including debt, the value of Monday's deal is $1.27 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. It's the fifth-largest pending or completed takeover of a U.S. food company to be announced this year, the data show.
Cutrale and Safra are paying about 15.4 times Chiquita's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, according to Kenneth Shea, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. That represents a premium of about 14 percent over a peer group of North American packaged-food companies, he said in a series of presentation slides.

Anonymous  Gamergate and the impossible dream of vigilante justice(Daniel Bobadilla/ Flickr )
When one of Anonymous’s self-declared leaders tweeted the launch of an anti-Gamergate campaign on Friday, he wasn’t just announcing a new cause for the Internet’s most hyperactive vigilantes.
He was admitting, if tacitly, that online vigilantism has its limits.
Both Anonymous and Gamergate are, after all, vigilantes of the highest order, each policing “bad” Internet behavior and righting unjust Internet “wrongs” through a system that, at its best, pushes back against corruption … and at its worst, devolves into a senseless, pitchfork-wielding mob.
Both groups began on the shadowy message board 4chan before spilling out into more mainstream channels. Neither has a formal leadership, a cohesive agenda, or any set list of beliefs or demands. Both have deployed the same tactics against people they don’t like: publishing their personal details (“doxing”), threatening them on Twitter and other social networks, ruining their personal reputations in a process called “Google-bombing,” and attacking their Web sites until they come down.
Perhaps most crucially, both groups believe that all of their actions are undertaken in pursuit of some greater good, as an effort to curb perceived injustices and imbalances of power. It just so happens that Gamergate’s end is “protecting” the sanctity of the traditional male gamer , using tactics and ethical frameworks that Anonymous pioneered. And #OpGamergate is out to protect the victims of Gamergate, using the exact same set of techniques.
Which means that, in some circuitous, ironic way, Anonymous is basically attacking its own methods.
(Twitter)
Christopher Doyon — who online “prefers to be addressed as X” — doesn’t quite see it that way, of course. The self-described “Internet freedom fighter” revved up the #OpGamerGate hashtag to some buzz on Friday, promising to out Gamergaters who harass women and to help victims stay anonymous online. When the operation launches officially later this week, “X” said, it will provide moral support, and potential legal evidence, for women and girls who have no other way to confront their trolls and attackers.
There are clear parallels between Anonymous and Gamergate, X acknowledged. But one is a force for justice; the other, a font of abuse.
“4chan and specifically /b/ is a breeding ground for Internet culture. Probably the most fertile breeding ground,” he told The Washington Post by e-mail. “That means it is going to give birth to both the good and evil, the full spectrum of moral memes.”
But does relative morality really matter here? The very crux of vigilantism is that it’s unmoored from any universal moral code or legal system; it adheres only to the whim of the mob, and derives all its authority from that starting point. Whenever you endorse online vigilantism, as Anonymous and Commander X do, you open up the possibility that vigilantes will police the “wrong” things. You can’t really call them “wrong,” either: If the only marker of worth is the will of the mob, then nothing’s unjust. It’s just unpopular.
Commander X is no stranger to this squishy phenomenon  himself . In 2013, as part of Anonymous’s Steubenville operation, X published an unredacted copy of court documents about the rape — thus revealing the victims’ name to a hostile Internet and, a special prosecutor said, hurting her case. He was also the man behind Anonymous’s campaign in Ferguson, which incorrectly doxed a man who had nothing to do with Michael Brown or the Ferguson police. That man later received hundreds of death threats — an outcome that, at the time, his doxer dismissed as “collateral damage.” (X, for his part, has distanced himself from that campaign.)
Even long before X became involved in Anonymous, the hacktivist collective engaged in unsavory, distinctly Gamergate-like behavior: sending death threats to leaders of the Church of Scientology, for instance, and vandalizing Web sites for nothing but the malicious “lulz.”
At some point, however, whether a vigilante behavior is malicious or harmful becomes irrelevant. Everything can be explained away as means to an end, as human errors, as the behavior of an errant few. That, oddly, sounds an awful lot like a defense that corners of Gamergate are fond of: “Only a few of us actually harassed women. Most of us hate harassment! We care about ethics in journalism!”
At no point has either group confronted their messy, existential truth: Whenever a mob decides to take the law into its own hands, the law no longer applies.
To anyone.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Winter session of Parliament to begin on 24 November  end on December23It is never reassuring for a lateral entrant to be compelled to deal with an entrenched and unhelpful bureaucracy, whose labyrinthine ways can test the acumen of even the very best in business.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:50 am
A meeting of Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs on Monday recommended that the winter session of Parliament to begin on November 24 and will be concluded on December 23.
The winter session will have 22 sittings. There are 67 bills pending before Parliament – eight before the Lok Sabha and 59 before the Rajya Sabha. On Sunday, during a Diwali Milan hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for National Democratic Alliance (NDA) MPs, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu has briefed the coalition MPs over the month-long session.

Manjhi: Im afraid of taking decisions for fear ofscrutinyBihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:45 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 2:49 am
Further stepping pressure on JD (U) leadership to “reinstate faith in his leadership amidst volley of recent criticism”, Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi seemed to take dig at top party leadership as he said that though he was “CM but is afraid of taking hard decisions for fear of scrutiny”. Manjhi, who looks bent on consolidating his position as an independent leader, took an indirect dig at his political detractors by “hoping that next chief minister also comes from Gaya”. Manjhi belongs to Mahkar village of Gaya.
Speaking at a village school function at Manpur, Gaya on Sunday evening, Manjhi talked about building decision making qualities in students. “Though I am chief minister now, I am afraid of taking tough decision foe fear of scrutiny and criticism. If you get demoralised, it hampers your decision making power”. Though he did not refer to his predecessor Nitish Kumar, Manjhi is reportedly upset with the state government “being forced to revoke suspension” Patna Medical College and Hospital medical superintendent, who was suspended for “negligence in duty” in treatment of those injured during Dussehra Gandhi Maidan stampede. Manjhi reportedly had to buckle under pressure of top JD (U) leadership, more so after Indian Medical Association’ tough stand after Manjhi’s “chop off hands of doctors if found negligent about treatment of the poor”
Speaking at another function in Gaya, Manjhi seemed to balance his political stance as he praised both Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar for taking up cause of social justice and “standing up for the oppressed”.
Manjhi’s past few statements regarding his growing assertion as the dalit face of the party has caused confusion iJD (U) cadre among party’s going back to leadership of Nitish Kumar, who will start his Sampark Yatra from West Champaran freshly take up special category status demand to mount pressure on NDA government and also get back to focus in state and national politics.

When Sheila met Modi: I saw a confident man  with avisionPrint
Sheila Dikshit
Written by Seema Chishti | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:44 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:07 pm
It is not a description that many in her own party may agree with. But Congress veteran, former Kerala Governor and ex-CM of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit, has revealed that when she met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in July, she “saw a confident man, with a vision” and “a new language”.
That does not mean an endorsement though, because the 76-year-old was quick to add that it remained to be seen how this vision “would be practically implemented”.
Speaking to The Indian Express on a wide range of issues, including the circumstances in which she quit the Governor’s job this year and the prospect of “change” after the Lok Sabha polls, Dikshit said that she is now involved in heading a Congress committee to manage the commemoration of Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary on November 14.
Speaking about her meeting with Modi before resigning as Kerala Governor, Dikshit said, “I saw a confident man, with a vision when I went to meet him, but a big ‘but’ is how all this would be practically implemented. He started with ‘achhe din aayenge’. Now that has completely dropped from his vocabulary. His coinage of new phrases is attractive as it is different. But how far is it practically achieveable, a very big question mark hangs over that.”
Asked whether the Congress needed to take its cue from Modi’s manner of functioning, she said, “Whether we should draw from his style or methodology is something we need to wait and assess. It is too early to try and do anything like he does. He is speaking and promising so many things and has a new language, but we need to see what will happen eventually on his promises.”
On the controversy surrounding her resignation as Governor of Kerala, Dikshit said that she had made it clear to the NDA government before putting in her papers that it must keep in mind “the dignity of the post”.
She said that after the NDA government took charge, she too – like other governors appointed during the UPA regime – “got a call from the Home Secretary”.
”I told him two things, the first that it was a Constitutional position and secondly, that it was a position of respect, and I asked him not to call me up again. He did not. But I met Rajnath Singh, the Home Minister, after that and told him that he must give me 10-12 days to wind up and that he must not treat us all like he did Kamla Beniwal (the Gujarat governor and then Mizoram governor) or the Puducherry Lt. Governor. I told him that he can’t just dismiss us. Even if they must not regard the dignity of the person, they must worry about the dignity of the post. He did not say anything. I told him we had not applied for this post but had been chosen to serve as governors.”
Beniwal was removed in August after she was transferred continued…

Letters to the editor: The goodloserPrint
Posted: October 28, 2014 2:41 am
I was pained to read what I think is an uninformed piece by Leher Kala (‘Spoil sport’, IE, October 27). As an old sportsperson (pistol shooting), I think very few people in India are even aware of the pain and agony we go through. To be a sportsperson in India, with its callous administration and indifferent government, is a huge challenge. Women have it even worse. Our society does not give much credit to excellence in sports, except for cricket. An athlete trains at her own cost, balancing job and family, and still tries to compete against well-funded, better-coached competitors from other countries. All this pain and agony is geared to win. Only columnists like Kala find value in being an also-ran and a good loser. As someone once said: “Good losers usually do”. So if L. Sarita Devi threw a “tantrum”, let’s extend our sympathy to her instead of criticism.
— Raj Khalid
Mumbai
Simply the best
It’s good to read that our textile industry is reaching new highs (‘Good news from textile sector: exports to US, No 1 single market, hit record high’, IE, October 27). By taking small steps we’re working towards becoming a big economy. Thanks to the Centre’s efforts and the “Make in India” programme, we’re starting to play to our strengths. We may not have the largest beverage companies in the world like the US does. We may be far behind European and Japanese automobile giants. We may also be lagging behind other Asian countries in technology. But from being good in the textile industry, we’re working towards becoming the best.
—  Abhishek Jha
Mohali
Diwali shopping
Clearence of defence projects worth Rs 80,000 crore by the Modi government will help meet some of the vital requirements of our armed forces. This step is long overdue thanks to the UPA government’s indecision (‘Rs 80,000 crore push for defence, made-in-India subs set sail’, IE, October 26). The decision to hold at least one meeting per month of the Defence Acquisition Council to speed up the process of military acquisitions is praiseworthy. It shows the government’s willpower to take tough decisions.
— M.C. Joshi
Lucknow
No dark horse?
This  refers to the editorial, ‘49 days vs 5 years’ (IE, October 25). Arvind Kejriwal and his party will not have it easy in the next Delhi elections. Last time, he surprised us all and his party emerged as the dark horse of the election. But the dice are loaded heavily against him now. People are still very upset about
his resignation.

Trick Or Treat The Frightening Climate Costs Of Halloween Candyreddit
Americans will spend more than two billion dollars on candy this Halloween, making it candy's biggest holiday.
This is fun for kids, great for dentists, and downright fantastic for the Mars family. But before you head over to the store to buy this year's bowl of treats, you need to be made aware of a really scary, but not widely recognized, fact:
Many Halloween candies contain palm oil, the large-scale, monoculture production of which is driving deforestation , extinction, human rights abuses, and climate change !
Highly versatile and inexpensive, this vegetable oil is a globally traded commodity found in 50 percent of processed products sold in the supermarket -- everything from laundry detergent and shampoo, to pizza dough and name-brand candies and chocolates. Listed using many different names, its presence is often difficult to detect.  In the last decade, global production of palm oil has doubled, and given the rise of consumer power in India and China, palm oil production is expected to double again.
While large areas of tropical forests have been cleared in Latin America, West Africa, and across Asia to make way for monoculture palm plantations, nearly 90% of palm oil is sourced from Indonesia and Malaysia. To establish these lucrative plantations, rainforests are deliberately set on fire and low-lying, tropical peatlands are drained, many illegally . Burning these biodiverse, carbon-rich ecosystems is driving wildlife (including orangutans, Asian elephants and Sumatran tigers) to the brink of extinction while releasing vast stores of sequestered carbon into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide, thus massively contributing to climate change. How vast are these carbon stores? Consider this, Indonesia's peatlands can store up to 20 times as much carbon as tropical rainforests on normal mineral soils, and can release carbon for decades after deforestation as the underlying peat smolders.
Photo Credit: Elekhh CC BY 2.0
Thankfully, alternatives to "deforestation" or "conflict" palm oil exist, and they need to be supported. But, labels about palm oil can be misleading and "green-washing" in this industry is an ongoing concern. The major palm oil producers and consumers established the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) in 2004, but this industry label doesn't even rule out the clearing of rainforests and there is nothing in the standard about limiting greenhouse gas emissions. In fact, in 2008, 256 environmental and human rights organizations from around the world rejected RSPO certification as fraudulent labeling . While the RSPO does hold promise, it has yet to live up to its potential.
Likely to be unsustainably sourced or green-washed
The truth is most companies won't go the extra distance to source their ingredients ethically until they feel direct pressure from consumers. Meanwhile, cheap treats come at a cost that the planet simply can't afford. To help you choose quality treats, we've listed four brands that won't trick you or mistreat the planet:
Endangered Species Chocolate donates 10% of its net profits to organizations that support species conservation, habitat preservation, and humanitarian efforts. You can be certain that the palm oil in all of their products meets the highest certification for sustainability. Their .35 ounce organic "bites" are the perfect "fun" size for trick-or-treaters.
Makers of organic peanut butter cups, Justin's is another company that is taking extra steps to make sure their ingredients aren't destroying our planet's irreplaceable biodiversity. Like Endangered Species Chocolate, Justin's uses organic palm "fruit" oil grown by Agropalma, a Brazilian company with the highest ranking on Greenpeace's scorecard of palm oil producers.
Of course some companies opt not to use palm products at all. Equal Exchange is one such company. Their organic and fair trade chocolates are grown by small farmer cooperatives. Equal Exchange doesn't rely on intermediaries to supply them, a practice which typically allows big chocolate companies to hide well-documented abuses .
Alter Eco uses pure coconut oil in their chocolate truffles. Alter Eco prides itself on the direct relationships they have with growers and on the transparency of its supply chain. The coconut oil they use comes from Fair Trade Alliance Kerala, a farmer-owned coop in India where organic growing methods mean that "people get safe, non-toxic food and the environment isn't damaged in the farming process."
Added bonus of handing out Alter Eco truffles? The truffle wrappers are made of birch and eucalyptus that will fully decompose in backyards and compost bins!
Deforestation-free palm oil will not become the norm until consumers demand that companies take full responsibility for their supply chains. Exercise your consumer muscle! Contact your favorite brands and let them know you want your candies to be deforestation-free, and in the meantime, support these excellent brands already leading the way.
Follow Diana Donlon on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CoolFoods
More:

Why China s Slowdown Is Taking a Heavy Toll on Canadareddit
If beaten-up Canadian investors are looking to assign blame for the bruising suffered by their portfolios of late, they could do worse than point an accusatory finger at China. The resource super-cycle that drove valuations so much higher over the last decade is now hobbling along at a snail's pace and China is a big part of the reason why.
A slowdown in China's economic growth is exacting a heavy toll on resource-based economies like Canada's. Domestic coal mines are being shuttered due to tumbling coal prices. In Ontario, hopes to mine chromite deposits in the so-called Ring of Fire are fading as steel markets continue to weaken. At the same time, British Columbia's plans to ship liquefied natural gas to Asian markets are being scuttled as LNG prices come off their highs. Similarly, lower oil prices are prompting Big Oil to shelve plans for multibillion-dollar oil sands projects in northern Alberta.
Seeing a simultaneous pullback in spending on big resource projects isn't a coincidence. Look around the world at what's happening in the resource space and it's easy to see that new sources of supply aren't helping prices. Consider the oil market, for one, where prices are now treading at four-year lows. Part of the reason for the decline is all of that new oil flowing from fracked shale formations in places like North Dakota, Texas, and southeast Saskatchewan. It's often said that the best cure for high prices is high prices and that's exactly what's happened to oil after the big run up to $147 a barrel. Indeed, an extended super-cycle made new sources of supply economically viable in nearly any resource market you care to name.
While supply is certainly part of the equation, the much larger culprit behind today's weakening commodity prices is actually demand. Over the last decade, new projects were developed based on a belief that global demand would continue to increase at more or less that same pace as it had prior to the last recession. Even a quick glance at what's going on globally shows that's just not the case.
A slowdown in many of Asia's major economies is a big part of the reason why. After three decades of averaging annual economic growth in the double digits, China has come to be a dominant player in most resource markets. Until recently, Chinese demand only ever seemed to push prices higher. However, such an out-sized reliance on a single market is a double-edged sword. One look at commodity prices these days shows the blade is now slicing in the other direction.
Consider coal, for example. China consumes more coal than any other country in the world. No surprise, then, to see that coal prices have fallen in half as its economy has slowed down. For oil, where Chinese demand is a little more than 10 percent of the global total, prices have dropped by about a quarter. If China's economic growth continues to grind lower prices for coal, oil, and a raft of other commodities remain vulnerable to further declines
The official word from China's National Bureau of Statistics says its economy grew at a 7.3 percent annualized pace in the third quarter. It's the slowest rate in more than five years. It's also widely speculated that even those modest numbers might be artificially inflated to serve Beijing's political interests. Veracity of the data aside, the idea of immutable Chinese economic growth that so dominated the thinking of resource markets in recent years is now off the table. The Conference Board of Canada recently forecast that China's economic growth will slow to an average of less than 5 percent over the balance of the decade and then further downshift to less than 4 percent between 2020 and 2025. If that's the new speed limit for China's economy then investors may be a long way from seeing the bottom in resource prices.
That's a particularly challenging outlook for Canadian investors and the TSX, which is weighted so heavily towards energy and resource stocks. The energy sector, for example, has underperformed the TSX Composite by more than 11 percent in the last year. If the broader market is going to rebound to new highs, it will have to rely on strength from other parts of the economy to get there.
In light of the Harper government's love affair with the energy sector in general and the oil sands in particular, an end to the global resource super-cycle is more than a little chilling for Canada. Ottawa has bet heavily that Asian demand would continue to support ever rising oil prices and, by extension, bitumen production. What happens to Canada's economy if that doesn't come to pass?
Follow Jeffrey Rubin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jeffrubin
More:

All We Have to Lose Is Our Livesreddit
I've never been able to stomach a bully, whether on the playground or in a corporate executive suite. The biggest bully in California politics these days is the "No on 46" gang -- the collection of billion-dollar insurance companies and medical industry honchos spending big and spreading falsehoods to defeat Proposition 46.
Oh, the money! (They've amassed a $66 million war chest.)
Goodness, the factually challenged TV commercials! (Passage of the initiative, they warn with classic campaign-season hyperbole, will send doctors fleeing the state.)
Not surprisingly, their rhetoric ignores something far less melodramatic but far more important -- good old facts.
We live in a world where as many as 440,000 Americans die each year because of preventable medical mistakes, according to the Journal of Patient Safety. The federal government estimates that more than 500,000 health care professionals are abusing drugs or alcohol. Meanwhile, the nation's fastest growing illicit narcotics problem is prescription drug abuse.
It all adds up to a patient safety crisis that should have stopped the presses and sparked government action long ago. Instead, it has been met with indifference by the media and downright neglect by our elected leaders, particularly those in Sacramento under the sway of the medical industrial complex.
With Prop 46, California voters can do what the politicians and the status-quo crowd won't: Nudge our healthcare system toward safer practices, deter doctor substance abuse and hold negligent physicians accountable. Bottom line: it will save lives.
Contrary to all the ominous TV commercials blanketing the Golden State, Prop 46 will have no impact on health care expenses and little to none on most doctors' malpractice premiums. And despite the distortions put forth by its opponents, this patient safety initiative isn't about enriching trial lawyers.
In fact, the Prop 46 coalition of patients, consumer advocates and contingency-fee attorneys are underdogs, outspent 10-to-1 by a medical insurance Goliath fueled by fat checks from the wildly profitable malpractice insurance industry.
What Prop 46 will do is make California the nation's first state to require physician drug and alcohol testing, just like we do for pilots, police and others who hold our lives in their hands. Physicians would be suspended pending investigation of a positive test and face potential disciplinary action.
It will also mandate that doctors check the state's existing prescription drug database to curb the epidemic of pharmaceutical abuse. And it will adjust California's malpractice cap for pain-and-suffering damages to account for nearly four decades of inflation -- while leaving in place a fee cap on lawyers.
For most Californians, the prospect of falling victim to medical negligence, a physician under the influence or a doctor-shopping drug abuser seems remote. But the sad reality is it could happen at any time.
Bob Pack's two children -- Troy, 10, and 7-year-old Alana -- were run down and killed by a motorist high on pharmaceuticals recklessly prescribed by multiple physicians at the same hospital. All these doctors didn't bother to check that peers had passed along duplicate prescriptions.
In the months after the tragedy, Bob tried unsuccessfully to work with the hospital to bolster use of its prescription database to prevent doctor shoppers. Turning to the courts to hold the hospital accountable, he discovered that an obscure state law passed in 1975 put the value of a child's life so low that no one would take his case.
Bob then sought help in the legislature, but soon found the powers that be in Sacramento and hospital boardrooms were too formidable and unwilling to change the status quo.
That's why he wrote Prop 46. He didn't ask for this fight, but Bob Pack believes California voters deserve the right to improve a system that is resistant to change and puts such a low price on a child's life. I wholeheartedly agree.
While the public polls show support for Prop 46 weakening under the assault of foes' TV ad blitz, I have faith in the average voter to see past the paid-media manipulation. If Californians look at the stakes and the solutions, they'll know what to do on Election Day. They'll know that despite the opponents' flashy ads, laden with fear mongering and mistruths, we the people need to step in and stem the death toll from medical errors.
Prop 46 gives us that chance, a shot at correcting a dangerous problem that politicians and the health care establishment refuse to seriously address. In the absence of leadership, it's up to us to do what's necessary to protect patients -- and save lives.
Follow Erin Brockovich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ErinBrockovich
More:

US governors order Ebola quarantineUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expect hot and spicy earnings this weekExpect hot and spicy earnings this week
By: Matt Krantz October 27, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
It’s a red hot week for earnings. Literally.
A slew of nearly 160 S&P 500 companies are reporting this week. Expect a spicy Monday. Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) – a hot wings restaurant reports. It’s a favorite among Millennials – and we all care what they’re doing. Earnings are expected to jump nearly 13%. Also Tuesday is casino operator Caesars (CZR) . Investors hope for a triumphant return to profitability. Keep waiting. Analysts see the company losing $1.72 a share in the quarter.
Get your game face ready Tuesday. Game maker Electronic Arts (EA) reports. People don’t just play games on phones after all. Strong sales of Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles mean a bigger audience for high quality games. Analysts are calling EA’s profit to jump 61%. Drug giant Pfizer (PFE) also reports. Big pharma is still not growing. Analysts see profit falling 5%. Where IS the growth? One word: Facebook (F) . The social media giant is seen exploding 60%. And get this? Facebook beat expectations the past five straight quarters.
Tired yet. Caffeine up. Thursday coffee chain Starbucks (SBUX) reports. Is the push into tea and soda a jolt or fizzle? Analysts hope for a lift: earnings are seen increasing 23%.
Hot wings. Video games. Coffee. You’ll find something to keep you entertained this week.
Photo source: USA TODAY

Vasundhra Raje expands her council of ministers  inducts 14 newmembersThis is the first expansion of Cabinet after Raje took over as Chief Minister in December last year. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:55 am
 
Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje inducted 15 new ministers to her team Monday following months of deliberations with the Center. Raje managed to have her way by keeping out her dissentors from the list and threw up quite a few surprises.
Rajpal Singh (MLA from Jhotwara), Kiran Maheshwari (Rajsamand), Surendra Goyal (Jaitaran) and Dr Rampratap (Hanumangarh) were sworn in as state cabinet ministers by Governor Kalyan Singh. Amra Ram (Pachpadra), Krishnendra Kaur (Nadbai), Vasudev Devnani (Ajmer North), Rajkumar Rinwa (Ratangarh), Surendra Pal Singh (Karanpur) and Anita Bhadel (Ajmer South) were sworn in as Ministers of State (Independent charge). Four ministers – Pushpendra Singh (Bali), Babu Lal Verma (Kesheorapatan) , Arjun Lal (Bilara) and Otaram Dewasi (Sirohi) – were inducted as MoS. Jeetmal Khat (Banswara), who missed the oath taking ceremony in the afternoon, arrived in the state capital later in the day and was administered oath as a minister in the evening.
Even as Raje attempted social engineering in her cabinet revamp, her cautious tiptoeing around her dissentors was evident. Senior legislators whose names were doing the rounds such as Ghanshyam Tiwari, Narpat Singh Rajvi and Rao Rajendra Singh were given a miss. Tiwari, a vocal dissentor of Raje, was being backed by the RSS and had caused much rift between Raje and the Center. Tiwari, former education minister, had won with a whopping majority of over 68,000 votes. Rajvi and Rao, both senior leaders, too did not manage to win Raje’s favour.
Raje was working with a lean team of 12 ministers including herself since the BJP government came to power in December. Raje herself held 47 portfolios that had led to major backlog of work in several departments. The ruling government also got embroiled in a controversy as former legislator Sanwar Lal Jat, who was elected as Member of Parliament from Ajmer defeating former Congress union minister Sachin Pilot, continued to hold a cabinet portfolio even after vacating his assembly seat. The state government was on the brink of a constitutional crisis as Jat who sought a special provision to continue holding his portfolio for six months from vacating his assembly seat, would have lost the privilege by November end. The state cabinet would have then come down to 11 ministers leading to a constitutional crisis. The state cabinet has to comprise at least 12 percent of the total assembly strength which is 12 for Rajasthan (200 seats).
Following the expansion, the Raje government now has a total of 26 ministers including the CM. A meeting of the new cabinet was called late on Monday evening to discuss the portfolios that are yet to be announced. Jat’s exit is now continued…

6  Flash  stocks with room to runEMAIL
Photo: Nino Munoz/ 2014 The CW Network, LLC.
Fast-moving markets can be a nitro boost for certain stocks — making them look like a streaking blur. Investors are watching which of these stocks are racing ahead of the market — but pros still think they have room to run.
There are six stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including medical firm Mylan (MYL) , industrial giant Textron (TXT) and energy firm Tesoro (TSO) , that are in a fast track of their own. All these stocks are up 10% or more over the past 30 days, up this year and still have 10% or more upside before hitting analysts’ 18-month price targets, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. All the stocks have average “outperform” ratings from the analysts.
During fast-changing markets, like the one investors have endured this month so far, some stocks can show the kind of speed they’re capable of. But recent volatility is a reminder investors can’t just chase after winners and blindly hope the stocks keep up the pace. That’s why it’s wise to consider which stocks not only have momentum — but still have open road to keep it going.
When it comes to blisteringly fast stocks that analysts still see plenty of upside for it’s hard to beat Mylan.  The maker of both generic and branded drugs has raced ahead 10.3% over the past 30 days to $51.22. That’s an impressive run if you consider the S&P 500 during the same time is down 1.7%. And even though shares of Mylan are up 18% this year, analysts see even more blazing trails ahead. Analysts say this stock could rise rise 14% before hitting the average price target of $58.46. That’s well above the 9.9% average gain analysts are forecasting for all the S&P 500 stocks, on average.
Textron, the industrial giant which makes everything from helicopters to golf carts, has been lighting it up lately. Shares have added 7.2% over the past 30 days to $38.76. The recent surge is putting the stock back on track. Textron shares are up 5.4% year-to-date, while positive, lags the S&P 500’s 2014 gain so far of 6.3%. Perhaps that’s one reason why analysts feel so confident to see the stock rising another 13% before hitting the 18-month price target of $43.64.
Certainly, the analysts could simply be getting swept up in the excitement of stocks on the move and assuming the run can continue. But there’s no question these stocks have plenty of speed going into the end of the year. And investors hope this speed might even push the stocks beyond what the analysts are calling for.
S&P 500 STOCKS UP YEAR-TO-DATE, UP 10% OR MORE PAST 30 DAYS AND WITH 10% OR GREATER UPSIDE BEFORE HITTING THEIR 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Company

CCI directs Coal India to modify e-auction termsCCI directs Coal India to modify e-auction terms
US oil prices slide below $80 levelOil price fall changes Mexican budget calculations
Jude Webber in Querétaro, Gregory Meyer in New York and Neil Hume in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1006fb0-5df8-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fall TVs lesbian revolutionBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 27 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Erica Ash and Jessie Usher in Starz’s “Survivor’s Remorse.” (Credit: Starz)
To the dismay of many television fans, Kalinda Sharma (Archie Panjabi), the sultry bisexual investigator from “The Good Wife”  is taking her leather jacket collection elsewhere.  Her impending departure deprives viewers of not just a long-running LGBT character but one of the  very few such characters who is also non-white .
But while the end of Panjabi’s run on “The Good Wife” might once have felt like a serious deprivation, new shows this fall have introduced a striking number of wonderful lesbian characters, a number of whom are women of color. They join ABC Family’s “The Fosters,” about an interracial lesbian couple and their blended family.
This phenomenon has not garnered the same attention that shows like “The New Normal” and “Modern Family” did for their stories about middle-class white gay men getting married. Nevertheless, it feels a little bit like a revolution — and a highly entertaining one.
The worthiest — and funniest — potential successor to Kalinda is Mary Charles (Erica Ash), the big sister to rising NBA superstar Cam Calloway (Jessie Usher) on the Starz comedy “Survivor’s Remorse,” executive-produced by LeBron James. M-Chuck, as her family calls her, is a high femme with a womanizing streak that is apparently a family trait. She and her uncle Julius (Mike Epps) vie to see who will do better on the dating scene after the family relocates to Atlanta when Cam signs his first big contract. Ash plays M-Chuck with appetite and swagger, and she dominates every scene she appears in.
But M-Chuck also has a raw streak; in four episodes of “Survivor’s Remorse,” we have gotten a deeper sense of her true inner life than Kalinda ever really showed us in 5½ seasons on “The Good Wife.” From her painful confrontation with Cam, we learned she protected him when they were both children from a man who preyed on neighborhood boys. And this weekend’s simultaneously hilarious and hurtful episode was all about the challenges of finding a church home for the family that will welcome M-Chuck without requiring her to pretend to be something other than what she is.
Another contender is Luisa Alver, the obstetrician who accidentally inseminates a devout young woman in the CW’s telenovela “Jane the Virgin.” Yara Martinez, who brings more than a touch of Lucille Ball to her role on the Amazon comedy “Alpha House,”  does something subtle and sad even in the heightened reality of “Jane the Virgin.” Luisa is in recovery, both from her alcoholism and a severe case of her heartbreak — in the finest telenovela fashion, her lover, who is also the lawyer who will defend Luisa from a malpractice suit over the botched insemination, left Luisa for her father.
Luisa is neither burdened with the requirement to be an exemplar nor written as a villain in an effort at compensating for that equally stultifying stereotype. In keeping with the essential niceness of “Jane the Virgin,” she is simply a person trying to carry a heavy emotional load, which includes the pressure to get her brother’s wife pregnant because the couple have had trouble conceiving.
While M-Chuck and Luisa are the two most significant lesbian characters on TV this fall, a number of other programs have adopted lesbian supporting characters with the same enthusiasm that their counterparts have shown for bearded best friends .
On “Marry Me,” engaged couple Annie (Casey Wilson) and Jake (Ken Marino) hang out with a group of friends including Kay (Timberlee Hill), who cruises a variant of Tinder for potential dates. In “Mulaney,” the titular comedian works on an awful game show with no-nonsense crew chief Mary Jo (Fortune Feimster), a character who risks becoming a throwback butch lesbian stereotype but who also has the courage to call out their terrible boss (Martin Short).
And this season, “The Mindy Project” introduced Dr. Jean Fishman (Niecey Nash), the socially awkward division head of the hospital where Mindy (Mindy Kaling) and the other doctors in her OB/GYN practice do their procedures. “I’ve been spending every night at the Statue of Liberty because I just assumed that’s what people did,” Jean tells Mindy mournfully when Mindy comes to apologize for interrupting one of Jean’s meetings by offering to take Jean out on the town. What followed was a series of very silly but very funny misunderstandings involving Mindy, Jean, Mindy’s boyfriend, Danny (Chris Messina), and Jean’s wife.
Nash may have dropped by “The Mindy Project” for just an episode, but the series should consider having her back, if only to give the medical practice an anchor and an ongoing conflict.
For while this profusion of very good supporting characters feels significant and fun, it is not the same thing as a television environment where we regularly get a representative number of LGBT main characters, and creators do not get to make the case that the lives of LGBT people are just as interesting as those of their straight counterparts.
Even in ensemble shows or small roles, this fall’s wonderful new lesbian characters, united only by their sexual orientation, are putting on a showcase for what that environment might look like. M-Chuck, Luisa, Kay, Mary Jo and Jane are all incredibly different, and taken together, they make fall television feel awfully alive.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Euro up on U.S. data but stymied by German business sentimentYen benefits from falling oil prices; commodity currencies slide
By Masayuki Kitano and Ian Chua, Reuters
8
Commodity currencies extended their recent losses, with the Australian dollar setting a four-year low, while the Canadian dollar hit a five-year trough versus the U.S. dollar.
Against the yen, the greenback fell 0.4 percent to 120.25 yen , pulling further away from a seven-year high of 121.86 yen set on Monday. The yen also rose versus the euro, which shed 0.5 percent to around 148.02 yen .
0
The dollar may retreat further versus the yen in the near term due to the potential for more position squaring in the wake of its recent rally, said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
"The size of volatility in the dollar's moves versus the yen has become quite stark," Murata said, adding that choppy trading conditions could persist toward the year-end.
"I think we may even see levels around 119.50 yen or so today," he said.
The dollar's rise to a seven-year high on Monday marked a gain of about 11 percent versus the yen after the Bank of Japan expanded its monetary stimulus at the end of October.
Commodity currencies remained under pressure, with the Australian dollar touching a four-year low at one point and last trading at $0.8241 , down 0.7 percent on the day.
The Canadian dollar slipped to as low as C$1.1501  versus the U.S. dollar earlier on Tuesday, its lowest level since July 2009, as oil prices hit five-year lows.
Market participants said the U.S. dollar remained supported by expectations for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates some time next year.
Earlier on Tuesday, the dollar had gained a lift from a Wall Street Journal report saying that Fed officials are seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a "considerable time", when the Fed issues its policy statement next week.
The Fed's policy meeting takes place on Dec. 16-17.
Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar edged up 0.1 percent to 89.104 <.DXY>. On Monday the dollar index had set a five-year high at 89.55.
The euro held steady at about $1.2313 , staying above a two-year low of $1.2247 set on Monday.
Investors were likely to remain wary of buying the common currency amid speculation that the European Central Bank (ECB) was poised to ease policy further early next year.
Executive Board member Benoit Coeure kept those expectations alive on Monday, saying policymakers last week agreed unanimously to assess how and when to react to downward inflation risks in early 2015, and that they could then change their asset buying plans.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)

Before NDA came  HSBC gave Govt info on 75 individuals inlistPrint
The information had been given by HSBC itself following negotiations between the bank and Indian Income-Tax authorities.
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:51 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:57 am
The Indian government had the details of the overseas bank accounts of 75 individuals and entities named in the so-called ‘HSBC Geneva list’ even before Swiss authorities agreed this month to share this information with New Delhi.
The information had been given by HSBC itself following negotiations between the bank and Indian Income-Tax authorities in January 2013. HSBC made the details available earlier this year, before the NDA government came to power.
On October 15, following a meeting in Bern between Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das and the Swiss State Secretary for International Financial Matters, Jacques de Watteville, the countries issued a joint statement that said the “Swiss authorities would assist in obtaining confirmation on the genuineness of bank documents on request by the Indian side”.
The ‘HSBC list’ contains details of accounts held by 628 Indian individuals and entities at the Geneva branch of HSBC’s Swiss subsidiary, HSBC Private Bank. This information — categorised as name, address, account number and balance — was stolen from the bank by a former staffer, Herve Falciani, on a particular day in 2006, and was supplied to India by France in June 2011.
Indian authorities are currently in the process of investigating the HSBC list. According to Income-Tax documents accessed by The Indian Express, assessments are complete in 65 cases, including those decided by the Income-Tax Settlement Commission.
In the course of the negotiations with HSBC in 2013, a consent waiver scheme was devised to get around Swiss secrecy laws. Indian tax authorities obtained consent waivers from account holders and sent them to HSBC, which then released the details of the accounts.
Consent waivers were obtained in 174 cases — all of individuals/entities who had accepted that they held accounts in the bank — and details were obtained in 75 cases.
Assessments are now complete in 14 of these 75 cases. Assessments in the remaining 61 cases are nearing completion.
The 14 cases are part of the larger pool of 65 cases in which assessments have been completed. The larger pool includes cases in which information has been received through the consent waiver route.
In at least 27 cases (in the full HSBC list), Income-Tax has begun prosecution proceedings for non-furnishing of account details. In three cases — names that were revealed by the Centre on Monday — charges have been filed.
The Indian Express reported on Saturday that many accounts do not have a specific amount mentioned against them. There are 289 such names.
Also, in the list of 628 — 613 of whom are individuals and 15 are entities — 122 names are repeated. These 122 cases are in the nature of joint accounts, or of names jointly associated with accounts.
The Income-Tax investigation, which started in July 2011, has resulted in search and seizures in 142 cases, surveys in 8, continued…

Women take charge of sand mining  sale in AndhraPradeshPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:58 am
In an attempt to empower women in villages, the Andhra Pradesh government on Monday started sand mining and sale through women belonging to Development of Women and Children in Rural Areas (DWCRA) as part of its “victory over poverty” campaign.
A group of eight women comprising members of DWCRA as well as Self-Help Groups will run the village organisation involved in sand mining, marketing, taking orders online, and sales on the field. The group will not only involve other interested women in the business,
but also oversee operations and sales through a process that is being worked out by the AP Mineral Development Corporation and Society for Elimination of Rural Poverty.
They will work in two shifts — four in each shift — to monitor the operations.
The TDP government Monday allocated a loan of Rs 5 lakh through banks to each such village organisation to put into place the apparatus needed for sand mining and start the sale.
Once the women’s groups start working fully, customers can order for sand online by registering with their Aadhar number on Mee Seva or through Indira Kranti Patham-SERP website. The consumer can pay the amount online through a bank transaction.
The customer would be informed about the status or movement of the vehicle carrying the ordered cargo of sand by continuously monitoring it through GPS trackers from the control room at the stock point centre. The GPS tracking systems, CCTV monitoring of the stock point centres, and other installations would be outsourced, said Women Empowerment Minister P Sujatha.
The GPS trackers will ensure that truck drivers do not divert the sand or sell some portion  of it on the way, and make deliveries promptly. The CCTVs installed at the stock point centres will ensure that there are no discrepancies while loading sand.
Of the 81 identified sand reaches in the state, sale of sand has begun in 70 of them. 11 reaches (four of Orissa, one in Karnataka, four in Puducherry and two in Telangana) are inter-state sharing sites.
In a pilot project carried out in East Godavari district, 1.9 lakh cubic metres of sand has been excavated through women’s village organisations. Of this, 40,000 cubic metres has been sold and has fetched Rs 2.95 crore. According to officials, 75 per cent of this amount earned in the pilot project would be transferred to Farmers’ Empowerment Corporation.

Xiaomi to scotch privacy fears with Indian data centreXiaomi to scotch privacy fears with Indian data centre
Haryana govt to review Congress decisionsHaryana govt to review Congress decisions
Alembic to buy 49% stake in Algerian coAlembic to buy 49% stake in Algerian co
Fracking Triggers 400 Micro-Earthquakes in Ohio: Studyfracking triggers 400 micro-earthquakes in ohio: study
Credit or Debit Hacks Make Shoppers RethinkCash, credit or debit? Retail hacks force 'freaked out' holiday shoppers to rethink
Ben Popken TODAY
Elaine Thompson / AP
A customer swipes a MasterCard debit card through a machine while checking-out at a shop in Seattle.
Consumers are shopping scared this holiday season. And dangerously.
They've got plenty of reason to do the former. In the past year, retailer after retailer has announced they've discovered malware hidden inside their credit card swipe machines that skimmed the payment data for millions of customers' credit and debit cards.  Just this week Staples announced it was investigating a new breach involving at least 13 stores in the Northeast.
Skittish, nearly half of shoppers plan on avoiding stores hit by data breaches, according to a new Creditcards.com survey.
But shoppers have no reason to shop unsafely at the stores they choose to patronize. Using a credit card gives shoppers more protections than either debit cards or cash. If your debit card is stolen in a new malware breach, hackers can drain your account dry with online purchases or clone your card and make ATM withdrawals anywhere in the world.
"With credit it’s innocent until proven guilty," said Alex Cook, a 52-year old musician in New York. Previously a scammer tried to charge $500 at a Staples in New Rochelle using her debit card info. Getting the funds back proved a trial. "Dealing with banks you’re guilty until proven innocent."
Despite this, only one in eight respondents to the Creditcards.com survey said the breaches would make them more likely to use a credit card.
Outside a Staples in New York City's Midtown, Sonia C, a 34-year-old producer who declined to give her last name for privacy reasons, said she prefers to use debit. 
"It's easiest," she said, compared with carrying around a wad of cash for holiday shopping, or dealing with credit card bills and finance charges.
She's right. Instead, the money comes right out of your account. That's true whether you're shopping, or a fraudster is using your stolen card information. After a scam, it could take nearly two weeks for the money to be restored to your account, assuming the bank sides with you.
That came as news to Sonia.
"I'm freaked out," she said.
Video: TODAY’s Jeff Rossen shows viewers just how quick and easy it can be for a hacker, like the ones behind the Target breach, to make duplicate copies of credit cards and start a spending spree.
Even though credit and debit cards look and swipe the same, a 3.370 by 2.125 inch piece of plastic with numbers on the front and a magnetic strip on the back, when trouble hits they're pretty different.
A debit card, akin to an evolved ATM card, is real money from your bank account. That's true even if you select "credit" instead of "debit" at checkout. 
A credit card, on the other hand, is basically a plastic loan. You can dispute questionable charges before you have to pay for them, instead of fighting to get back money into your account.
"You're just better off by and large paying with a credit card because you have more rights and you're not out the money," said Susan Grant, Director of Consumer Protection at the Consumer Federation of America.
Additionally, banks are allowed to wait up until 10 days to refund fraudulently withdrawn funds. For many, that's too long.
"Consumers find their checking account empty or almost empty and they don't have money to pay for rent," said Paul Stephens, director of policy and advocacy for the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Debit cards are also harsher when it comes to how quickly you have to spot fraud and report it to get all your money back. Per federal law, if a thief goes on a spree with a credit card, you can only be liable for up to $50.
But for debit, you have two days to report it after it's fraudulently used to be liable for up to $50 only. Report it between two business days and less than 60 days of getting a statement that included the unauthorized charges and your liability jumps to $500.
Take more than 60 days and you could be on the hook for the whole thing.
That's according to statute. As a matter of customer service and policy banks can be more lenient. During the breaches this year banks have said no customer will be held responsible for any unauthorized charges. 
After the Target breach that affected 40 million credit and debt cards, "Sanchez," a 67-year-old cook at a Westin in New York, who declined to give his full name out fear that fraudsters could spot it online and use it to conduct further attacks, said thieves hit his debit card with $1,200 in charges. He said the bank put the money back and in letters wrote they were temporarily restoring the funds to his account pending the results of their investigation.
Ever since, he's paid only in cash to avoid any risk of hackers stealing his account information. 
"Everybody has got to open their eyes," he said. "Especially during the holiday times."
Email Ben Popken at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or follow him on Twitter @bpopken .
Tags:

India s growth pace to pick up as reforms draw investmentPrint
By Rahul Karunakar and Ashrith Doddi
BANGALORE (Reuters) - India's economy will likely grow at its fastest pace in two years in the current fiscal year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi implements reforms to attract investment, a Reuters poll of economists showed on Friday.
The after-glow from Modi's election victory earlier in the year helped India's economy clock a robust 5.7 percent growth rate for the quarter ending in June.
The economy has just lumbered through the longest spell of below-5 percent growth in a quarter of a century, but forecasts are now predicting that the slump has passed.
Hopes of reforms for economic revival from Modi have attracted foreign capital inflows - before the election in May until now - triggering a massive rally in the stock market, making it one of the best performers in Asia so far this year.
That optimism looks set to continue.
"The outlook is improving and that mostly reflects the fact that the new government has pledged to prioritise economic reforms. First we saw an improvement in sentiment and now it is translating to actual pick-up in activity," said Tuuli McCully, senior economist at Scotiabank.
"Obviously, we really need to see more (reforms). But as of now, I am encouraged by how things are moving."
Over the past month, Modi's government has stepped up economic reforms, opening up the coal industry to private investors and freeing diesel prices to market forces from government subsidies.
The latest Reuters poll of 20 economists taken over the past week shows Asia's third-largest economy will likely grow 5.5 percent this fiscal year and 6.4 percent the next, slightly better than 5.3 percent and 6.3 percent expected in the July poll.
"India is transitioning away from stagflation conditions, and the much-needed combination of higher real rates, a more friendly investment environment and structural reforms appear to be slowly coming together," wrote Manoj Pradhan, an economist at Morgan Stanley.
However, without big-bang reforms to propel the economy back to a near double-digit growth, economists say, a broader and sustained economic revival will likely remain elusive.
Also, the global economy is showing signs of weakening and is expected to weigh on overseas demand for Indian merchandise.
Indeed, the economic outlook for two of India's biggest trading partners - China and the euro zone - has dimmed and is expected to drag on the global economy.
Consumer price inflation - the biggest challenge faced by the Reserve Bank of India - cooled to 6.46 percent last month, the lowest level since this series began in January 2012, from a revised 7.73 percent in August.
But the poll showed consumer prices will average 7.5 percent this fiscal year and ease to 7.0 percent next year.
"Despite lower inflation prints and the fall in commodity prices, the communication from RBI suggests it will keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term to achieve medium-term price stability," wrote Rahul Bajoria, economist at Barclays.
The RBI is expected to keep its key repo rate steady at 8.0 percent well into next year, even as a separate Reuters poll in September showed the Sensex would keep setting record highs through to the end of 2015.
 
(Additional reporting by Deepti Govind and Sarmista Sen; Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Chiquita orange: enjoy the smoothie© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/fed7ed9e-5dea-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

$75 oil: Winners & losers$75 oil: winners & losers
BJP observes Patna blastanniversaryPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:59 am
The BJP Monday observed the first anniversary of Gandhi Maidan serial blasts by organising an event to pay tribute to the six victims, whom they referred to as “family members”.
The BJP, which has already installed statues of the blast victims in their villages, also showed video clips of the incident, which took place during Narendra Modi’s Hunkar rally last year. The BJP had taken out an “asthi kalash yatra” from the villages of the blast victims last November.
Senior BJP leaders Sushil Kumar Modi, Assembly Opposition leader Nand Kishore Yadav and MP Shatrughan Sinha attended the function.
Later, the party put pressure on the JD(U) government for “being soft in handling of terrorism”. Speaking to The Indian Express, former deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said: “We want to know from the JD(U) government why it did not order any probe into security lapses during Gandhi Maidan blasts.” He said that the BJP had already given Rs 5 lakh compensation to the next of kin of each blast victim.
The JD(U) has, meanwhile, alleged that the BJP was playing politics in the name of the blasts, first by taking out ‘asthi kalash yatra’ and now by building statues.

Blackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fund -sourcesBlackstone to seek $13 billion for global real estate fund -sources
Private equity firms invest $3.1 billion in July-September: ReportPrivate equity firms invest $3.1 billion in July-September: Report
Honda recalls 2 338 units of Brio  Amaze  CR-V in IndiaHonda recalls 2 338 units of Brio  Amaze  CR-V in India
Keith McMillan  Gene Wang and Chelsea JanesFletcher thought Jay Gruden would provide a fresh start for everyone.
Dec 8, 2014
Cooley says Haslett could’ve slammed Fletcher for his poor play last season.
Dec 8, 2014
Former captain doesn’t back down from his comments about Redskins defensive coordinator.
Dec 8, 2014
Being a QB in this town is a tough, tough job.
Dec 5, 2014
Wizards guard reacts to big shot over Kobe Bryant.
Dec 4, 2014
There won’t be a more loyal Redskins fan at FedEx Field on Sunday than Chad Ryan.
Dec 4, 2014
Shep Garner will never score an easier basket.
Dec 4, 2014
Fans of The Tony Kornheiser Show are very familiar with Jerry Negrelli’s work.
Dec 4, 2014
Vienna native plays the electric guitar in catchy video, which features a cameo by RGIII.
Dec 3, 2014

BSE plans foray into commodity tradingBSE plans foray into commodity trading
Consumer demand still weak: Hindustan Unilever LtdConsumer demand still weak: Hindustan Unilever Ltd
World Bank sees 5.6% growthWorld Bank sees 5.6% growth
Centre according to ModiSeveral economists have been disappointed by Modi’s first few days in office.
Written by Christophe Jaffrelot | Posted: October 27, 2014 12:04 am
Narendra Modi became prime minister on May 26, a little more than 150 days ago, after an election campaign that raised many expectations. According to some of Modi’s staunchest supporters, the modernisation of the Indian economy was set to happen because he would free the caged Indian tiger for good. Political commentator Swapan Dasgupta wrote in May that he was “an Indian revolutionary” a la Margaret Thatcher, who, according to economist Surjit S. Bhalla, “achieved the near-impossible by changing forever the mindset of a socialist, outdated England”.
But several economists have been disappointed by Modi’s first few days in office. They lamented that the Union budget was too much like previous ones, with few liberalisation measures except the relaxation of FDI caps in insurance and defence (from 26 to 49 per cent). But the “worst” was the Centre’s decision not to cut subsidies and to rollback the rail fare hike, a move, according to Swaminathan Anklesaria Aiyar, “so populist, dithering and spineless as to make Manmohan Singh look a lion by comparison”. Some of Modi’s supporters in the West were also surprised by the way his government stalled the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement in the name of Indian peasants’ interests (and at the expense of the standardisation of customs procedures, which was supposed to add $1 trillion to world trade). But this decision was in keeping with the speech Modi had made as early as on May 20, before the BJP parliamentary party, in which he said: “A government is one which thinks about the poor, listens to the poor and which exists for the poor”. Subsidies for the poor may be criticised as inefficient from the opposition benches, but to cut them once in office and deprive millions is another matter.
In fact, the Modi government has opted for a gradualist transformation, which can be explained by the need to protect his supporters from the corporate sector, who may not like to be exposed to competition, constraints such as mass poverty (a “detail” the election campaign conveniently overlooked), and the weak position of the BJP in the Rajya Sabha. But if it is too slow for the neoliberals, it is too radical for the trade unions. The controversy regarding the Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2014, is a case in point. If the bill is passed, the minimum number of workers to be employed for a unit to be defined as a factory could be doubled, freeing several enterprises from having to comply with the Factories Act, which relates to safety, working conditions and welfare of employees. Such a reform is intended to please Indian entrepreneurs and also, probably, attract foreign investors to “Make in India”. While this is a contentious issue, given the relatively small number of workers in the formal sector, it is not revolutionary. And neither continued…

A way out of alienationComprising 10.6 per cent of the state’s population, Muslims have never had more than 12 MLAs.
Written by Jyoti Punwani | Posted: October 27, 2014 2:08 am
Many seemingly contradictory conclusions have emerged from the recent assembly polls. Self-styled spokesmen of the Muslim community may have railed against the Congress’s continuous treatment of their community as a captive vote bank. Yet, according to the Lokniti-CSDS poll published in The Indian Express (‘Behind BJP, Upper Castes, OBCs and Rich’, October 21), 53 per cent of Muslims voted for the party. If the figures are to be believed, these “spokesmen” need to get in touch with their own community at the grassroots. Again, notwithstanding the continuing arrests of Muslims on terror charges under the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP)-controlled state home ministry, Sharad Pawar’s party got the second highest percentage of the Muslim vote: 16 per cent. Five candidates from the Congress and one from the NCP got elected.
What explains this continuing trust among almost 70 per cent of Maharashtra’s Muslims in the two parties that have ruled them for 15 years, but done little for them? Could it be the enduring legacy of Jawaharlal Nehru, seen as the architect of our secularism? Or of Indira Gandhi, still remembered by elderly Muslims as a friend of the poor, thanks to her rural welfare schemes? Could it be the fear of the Sena-BJP, which the “secular” parties, especially the oldest of them, the Congress, have always invoked to keep Muslims under their wing? For the average Muslim in Maharashtra, Narendra Modi invokes the same fear and loathing that former Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray did.
This fear was played up to the hilt during the Lok Sabha campaign, again by self-styled Muslim “leaders” (with generous Congress backing), who were alarmed at the way their youth was deserting its “secular protectors” and turning to Arvind Kejriwal’s Aam Aadmi Party in droves. But six months later, many of the same “leaders” were rooting for Modi and Uddhav Thackeray, to “teach the Congress-NCP a lesson that they can’t take us for granted”. For the first time, the BJP won 13 per cent of the Muslim vote, even more than the Shiv Sena’s 11 per cent. Even the strident “love jihad” and “Hindutva-is-India’s-identity” campaign by the BJP/ RSS in the four months of Modi’s rule at the Centre didn’t drive Maharashtra’s Muslims away completely.
Why did one-fourth of them vote for the saffron parties?
The Congress is primarily responsible. It has ruled the state since its formation in 1960, except for two brief intervals. Recurring communal riots, benevolence towards both Hindu rioters and the partisan police, and arrests, torture and prolonged imprisonment without trial of young Muslims for alleged acts of terror, have left the community seething. Indifference of and discrimination by the state, especially the bureaucracy, have led to 59 per cent of them living below the poverty line, in ghettos, lagging behind in education and employment — findings of the Mehmood-ur-Rehman Committee, continued…

China tells Nepal what to doChina has brazenly told Kathmandu that it is not happy about the presence of activists fomenting trouble in Tibet.
Written by Yubaraj Ghimire | Posted: October 27, 2014 2:12 am
China has sent a clear message to Nepal that it is keen to invest in the country but would like a secure environment for that. It has candidly prescribed some bilateral and internal arrangements. Chinese authorities recently told Nepal’s visiting Deputy Prime Minister Bamdev Gautam that a bilateral investment promotion and protection agreement (BIPPA) would encourage China to invest more, and with confidence, in Nepal.
Nepal had signed a BIPPA with India about two years ago. The least China wants is the same priority treatment from Nepal, where political instability and the prolonged transition have taken a heavy toll on development. In recent years, China has been more assertive with Nepal and has sometimes brazenly told Kathmandu that it is not happy about the presence of international activists fomenting trouble in Tibet. “They want to have an extradition treaty along with the BIPPA,” Gautam said on his return.
China is increasing its presence in Nepal, even as most Nepali citizens see very little chance of their current political leaders delivering a meaningful constitution by the January 22 deadline. Beijing is also worried that a campaign of 22 parties, led by Maoist chief Prachanda, for identity- and ethnicity-based federalism will have a direct bearing on Tibet. China has been repeatedly warning against such a federal state being endorsed during the constitution-writing process.
However, those involved in constitution-making have, till date, not discussed how the identity issue can be addressed without making it the basis of federating the state. The proponents of federalism fear that a fresh review of the issue may also reopen for debate two other crucial agendas — a republican and secular Nepal. But these issues are already being debated and a section of the Nepali Congress is set to launch a campaign for a “Hindu Nepal”.
Many political leaders, including Maoist ideologue and former PM Baburam Bhattarai, called on former king Gyanendra in hospital, where he was admitted after a heart attack. There is reliable information that representatives of other countries too have seen Gyanendra and shared their worries about Nepal’s fate. Gyanendra has displayed statesmanship, wished all parties success for the constitution-writing, while ignoring the humiliation he has been subjected to. Such conduct has made him arguably more popular than most political leaders today.
There are reports that Indian PM Narendra Modi was keen on meeting Gyanendra during his visit in August. But that might have sent a different message, since the Indian establishment treated him as persona non grata through the April 2006 transfer of power. But Modi seems to have grasped that India is being linked with the political chaos in Nepal. During the SAARC summit, Modi plans to visit to Janakpur (Sita’s birthplace), Lumbini (Buddha’s birthplace) and Jomsom, site of the Muktinath continued…

J&K Police rule out ValleylinkPrint
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:05 am
After a “thorough investigation”, the J&K Police have ruled out any Kashmir link to the blast that took place at Burdwan in West Bengal earlier this month.
“We checked thoroughly after being approached by the central agencies. There is no Kashmir link in the Burdwan blast case,’’ Director General of J&K Police K Rajindra told The Indian Express.
“The person who had made the call was also from West Bengal and has already left the Valley. No one was arrested here and the few people who had been detained for questioning have already been released,” he said.
A probe into possible Kashmir connection of the suspects in the Burdwan blast was initiated soon after agencies found out that the man who was injured in the blast had been in contact with a Kashmir phone number. Subsequently, a team of investigators from the National Investigation Agency (NIA) had rushed to Kashmir.
Sources in J&K Police revealed that the cell phone number that had come under scanner was registered to a Zulfikar with an address of Kansipora in Baramulla. “This had raised suspicion,’’ an officer privy to the investigation said. “Once we checked, we found Zulfikar is a mason from West Bengal who has been working in Baramulla for long. He had acquired the phone from that address.”
Zulfikar was picked up and taken to the Joint Interrogation Centre in Baramulla. “He (Zulfikar) told the investigators that though the SIM is in his name, it was being used by another mason namely Farooq, a resident of Nadia district. Farooq had left for home on September 25.”
The officer said that the “call and tower details” of the phone revealed that Farooq was in Kathua on September 29 and was on the way back home in West Bengal. “This was a pre-paid SIM which couldn’t work outside J&K. So there was no lead once Farooq left the state,’’ he said. “It is a fact that Farooq was in contact with the man who was injured in Burdwan. However, there is no evidence suggesting any suspicious link between Farooq and anybody on our radar in Kashmir”.
The police also picked up Zulfikar’s relative Haider Ali for questioning. “He corroborated what Zulfikar had already told us,’’ the officer said.
According to the official, Zulfikar, Haider Ali and Rabi-al-Islam were living in one room while Farooq along with Salim and Mohammad were putting up in another room. “All of them were working as masons or labourers here and had been coming to the valley regularly for work,’’ the official said. “After the flood, almost all the non-local workers left Kashmir. Only Zulfikar and Haider Ali were still here.”

NSA visits site  Mamata assuresassistanceNSA Ajit Doval (third from left) with senior officials at the Khagragarh house, where the blast occurred, in Burdwan on Monday. (Express)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:03 am
Special Secretary (Home, Internal Security) Prakash Mishra, after a one-and-half-hour long meeting with West Bengal government officials, said the Central government is treating the blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district with “utmost importance”.
The meeting between the National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and the accompanying team that included NIA director Sharad Kumar, NSG director Jayanta Narayan Chowdhury and Mishra was held at Nabanna after the team returned to Kolkata from a visit to the blast site. The team also had a brief meeting with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. The NSA visit comes 25 days after the blast.
Doval, accompanied by NSG chief Jayanta Choudhury and senior officials of NIA, also visited Monday the house of Rizaul Sheikh at Badsahi road in Burdwan from where 35 hand grenades were recovered and met Burdwan Superintendent of Police S M Meerza. The team was in Burdwan for about an hour before leaving for Kolkata.
While Doval and other officers did not meet the media, Mishra said: “We are here because the Centre has taken the matter very seriously.” He went on to add that the West Bengal Chief Minister, who had one-on-one meeting with NSA Doval, assured full cooperation in the probe.
“We went to the Khagragarh blast site. The central agencies will help the state agencies and the central government will help improve its intelligence network and infrastructure in the state, Mishra added. “The Centre and the state governments will work together to fight terror,” he said.
Asked why the NSA was in Burdwan, Mishra said, “The National Security Advisor is here because he is a senior retired police officer, capable of giving the investigation a professional touch. The investigation will be taken to a logical conclusion,” he added.
However, Trinamool Congress leaders described the visit as a “politically mandated one and to keep the issue alive for some more time. Having flown over to Kolkata and then to Khagragarh, the high-level team was trying to show that the incident was linked to issues of national security”.
Sources said Mamata was given a stern message that “acute appeasement of migrants” should be stopped and the government should begin a crackdown on such outfits.

India growth pegged at 5.6%India growth pegged at 5.6%
Hindustan Unilever net profit rises 8.13% in Q2Hindustan Unilever net profit rises 8.13% in Q2
R Gopalakrishnan: The ascent of managementR Gopalakrishnan: The ascent of management
Strong Winds Cause Plane to Make Scary Landing in Portugalstrong winds cause plane to make scary landing in portugal
Mike Jones and Keith McMillanFletcher thought Jay Gruden would provide a fresh start for everyone.
Dec 8, 2014
Cooley says Haslett could’ve slammed Fletcher for his poor play last season.
Dec 8, 2014
Former captain doesn’t back down from his comments about Redskins defensive coordinator.
Dec 8, 2014
Being a QB in this town is a tough, tough job.
Dec 5, 2014
Wizards guard reacts to big shot over Kobe Bryant.
Dec 4, 2014
There won’t be a more loyal Redskins fan at FedEx Field on Sunday than Chad Ryan.
Dec 4, 2014
Shep Garner will never score an easier basket.
Dec 4, 2014
Fans of The Tony Kornheiser Show are very familiar with Jerry Negrelli’s work.
Dec 4, 2014
Vienna native plays the electric guitar in catchy video, which features a cameo by RGIII.
Dec 3, 2014

Black money lid s off  3 big names revealed by govtBlack money lid s off  3 big names revealed by govt
Ecopetrol announces hydrocarbon discovery in the Gulf of Mexico (USA)Ecopetrol announces hydrocarbon discovery in the Gulf of Mexico (USA)
Burdwan blasts: NSG  NIA chiefs meet Mamata BanerjeeBurdwan blasts: NSG  NIA chiefs meet Mamata Banerjee
Bilawal Bhutto heckled at Million March for Azad KashmirUpdated: October 28, 2014 19:42 IST
Bilawal heckled at London march
Parvathi Menon
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, , chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party.
TOPICS
demonstration
Protestors were furious with Mr. Bhutto because they saw the PPP as attempting to hijack the campaign to its political advantage.
The “Million March” organized to highlight the Jammu and Kashmir issue got off to a disruptive start when Pakistan People’s Party leader Bilawal Bhutto had to be hurriedly taken off the dais at the Trafalgar Square on Sunday when hostile crowds booed and heckled him while sending a volley of projectiles including empty plastic bottles and cans at the dais.
Organised by Sultan Mahmood Choudhry, former prime minister of Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir, the march – billed as a show of strength for the cause of an independent Kashmir – quickly revealed the political fractures in Pakistan’s polity and the brittle relations between the PPP, former cricketer Imran Khan’s Tehreek-e-Insaaf, and the Muttahida Qaumi Movement.
Most of the protestors however were Kashmiris who had come from different parts of the United Kingdom, and their fury with Mr. Bhutto was because they saw the PPP as attempting to hijack the campaign to its political advantage.
“This is about the right of self determination of the Kashmiris, and should not be used by political parties for their own ends,” a participant who had come from the Midlands said.
Though billed as a million strong march, the crowd that gathered on a Sunday evening at London’s iconic protest side was estimated at around one thousand. Waving yellow and green flags of ‘Azad Kashmir’ and holding up placards denouncing India, the overwhelmingly male crowd marched the short distance to 10 Downing Street where the All Parties Hurriyat Conference submitted a memorandum in which it urged Britain to support the demand for self-determination for the Kashmiris, citing the examples of Scotland, East Timor and South Sudan.
In her recent visit to the UK, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had raised India’s concerns over the march and objected to Britain allowing groups that were hostile to India-UK relations to hold such demonstrations. Britain refused to ban the march stating its commitment to the freedom of speech. However it said that the Kashmir issue was for India and Pakistan to solve without the intervention of any other country including Britain.

Delhi Confidential: Homeward-boundPrint
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:09 am
Former CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar who was appointed special security advisor, Naxal affairs, by the UPA government, has moved base to Chennai. Kumar, whose term expires in December-end, reportedly made a request to Home Minister Rajnath Singh and expressed his desire to demit office. Kumar was reportedly asked by Singh to continue till the end of his tenure and was given an option to operate from Chennai, his hometown.
Change of guard
The transition to the new leadership in BJP seems to be complete and it was visible at the party headquarters Monday. A banner with Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s smiling face superimposed on the picture of a crowd has adorned the stage in the auditorium for years. On Monday, another poster, of almost the same size, with pictures of PM Narendra Modi and party chief Amit Shah, was put in front of it, eclipsing Vajpayee’s face. The new banner has the slogan (saath aaye, desh banaye) and the message (Sashakt Bhajpa, Sashakt Bharat) coined for its membership drive. Party general secretary J P Nadda said the new poster was kept only for the campaign for membership drive.
Getting along
The West Bengal government might be at odds with Centre on almost every issue but on Monday, its representative at the meeting of National Ganga River Basin Authority extended the courtesy of accompanying Water Resources Minister Uma Bharati for a press conference. He sat by Bharati’s side as the minister claimed that all the five states through which the Ganga flows had extended full support to the Centre’s initiatives on cleaning the Ganga river. Though representatives from other four states also attended the meeting, none of them were present at the press conference. Incidentally, none of the five states — Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal — are governed by parties friendly to the BJP.
Tech that
Late to enter the social media space, the CPM seems to be trying to make up for the lost time. The CPM, which was once strongly opposed to introduction of computers arguing it would result in loss of jobs, is running campaigns on Facebook in an attempt to reach out to Young India. For a party which has perfected the art of street campaigns, this is unique. After having faced a string of electoral losses, the party’s assessment was that it had lost out in the race for the young voters. The latest campaign on Facebook, focusing on the volte-face made by the Narendra Modi government is titled “ab ki baar, U turn ki sarkar”. The CPM’s official Twitter handle has also posted the campaign link.

30 members of Bangla terror outfit active inIndiaPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:07 am
On a day when the National Security Advisor (NSA) and senior Home Ministry officials took up the Burdwan blast issue with West Bengal government, investigators said they had identified at least 30 members of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) active in India.
Of these, four, including two women, have been arrested while two were killed while fabricating IEDs in the Khagragarh house.
Sources said that so far there was no evidence of JMB’s link to terrorist outfits active in India or their affiliation to any international terror group.
“So far the investigations have not revealed about any link of JMB to any terrorist outfit based in India like the Indian Mujahideen or the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI). We also have no information about their link to similar outfits across the border,” said a senior official.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said the members of the group were spread across West Bengal, Assam and some southern states. The agency has so far conducted more than 150 raids in connection with the case.
“NIA is still piecing clues that would help it to disrupt the Bangladesh-based outfit’s network. The main accused interrogated by NIA has yet not disclosed whether the IEDs were meant for India or they were for use in Bangladesh,” said the official.
Officials said of the 30 people identified by NIA, a few were Indians but most belonged to Bangladesh.

What Prithvi Govt didnt say: how it sat on sanction requests in 76 corruptioncasesPrint
Prithviraj Chavan
Written by Sandeep A Ashar , Gautam Sandip Mengle | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:49 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:14 am
For all the noise that former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan made before the Assembly elections about his desire to crack down on corruption, it has emerged that his government sat quietly on 76 cases of graft, mostly against its own senior officials, breaching its own deadline and delaying permission for investigators to initiate action.
The beneficiaries of this silence include former ministers such as NCP’s Chhagan Bhujbal, legislators, and IAS, IPS and IFS officials. These cases will now pose the first big challenge for the incoming BJP-led government and its anti-corruption agenda. “The new government would have to deal with these cases almost immediately,” a senior state government official told The Indian Express.
Admitting that the government should not have flouted its own norm, senior Congress leader Naseem Khan, who was a minister in the Chavan Cabinet, attributed the delay to “some technical and legal reasons”. Khan, however, admitted that the “negative peception” about the previous Congress-NCP government on issues related to corruption was a reason for its defeat in the recent elections.
According to rules formulated in February following a Supreme Court directive, when the state government is approached by its Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) for permission to proceed with an ‘open inquiry’, it needs to give the green signal within three months.
The government must follow a similar deadline when it comes to permission to prosecute and file chargesheets — and again, when the ACB seeks a review of a decision to reject permission for an investigation.
Out of these 76 cases, the ACB had sought permission to prosecute top functionaries in 44 cases; initiate open inquiries in 13 cases; and review the government’s decision not to move ahead in the remaining 19.
Consider some of the high-profile investigations that were put on hold:
The alleged role of former Public Works Department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in a construction project involving three government buildings that is under the scanner.  The state home department gave its nod for an ‘open inquiry’ last week, but a final government sanction is still awaited.
The alleged role of five IAS officials in a Rs 400 crore land deal in Mumbai.
Allegations of corruption against a former Congress minister in a Sindhudurg mining project.
Allegations of possessing assets disproportionate to income against legislators Manikrao Kokate (Congress) and Arun Jagtap (NCP).
Corruption investigation pending since 2011 against IPS officer Shashikant Shinde, who is currently DIG (Prisons).
Permission for probe, pending since April, into allegations of disproportionate assets amassed by IPS officer Ajit Patil, currently DIG (Economic Offences Wing, Pune).
Permission pending since July to probe the alleged role of IFS officer Ramanuj Choudhary in connection with irregularities in the tendering of Tendu Patta.
A senior official admitted that such delays allow many of those being probed, who hold senior posts, to remain in service and even influence the progress of the case. “A number of trials have fallen through on account of the delays,” he added.
Sources said the ACB has sent several reminders continued…

Ex-BJP MLA under scanner for a meeting before violence steppedupA lane in Trilokpuri littered with bricks and broken glass, in New Delhi on Monday. (PRAVEEN KHANNA)
Written by Ananya Bhardwaj , Prawesh Lama | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:44 am
A former BJP MLA, Sunil Vaid, has been asked to clarify his role in connection with the riots which broke out in Trilokpuri, East Delhi, last week. Police sources said their investigations revealed that Vaid held a “closed door conference” with his supporters at his office on Friday morning, just before the violence escalated.
Vaid, who lost the last assembly elections from Trilokpuri, has been asked to clarify the purpose of that meeting. Police confirmed that he may be called for questioning later. At least 17 civilians and 40 police personnel were injured in the clashes between Hindus and Muslims, which broke out on Friday and carried on till Saturday afternoon.
Vaid’s alleged role emerged after locals told the police that hundreds of his supporters attended a meeting at his office in Block 21 — one of the riot-hit areas. According to sources, Vaid’s supporters later marched out of the block shouting slogans. A PCR van reportedly noticed the mob leaving his office just before the violence escalated.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Vaid denied that he had been questioned by the police. He claimed he had called the police to complain about their inaction in connection with the incident on Thursday evening, when five youths reportedly created trouble next to the Mata ki Chowki in Block 20.
“Around 200 people came to my office on Friday morning to discuss the police inaction… They wanted the miscreants to be punished.
I called up the area ACP and asked him to come and address their grievances. It is then that we all met the ACP. While we were addressing the crowd at my office, the ACP got a call about the Mata ki Chowki being attacked by a mob. After that, all of them went to the spot to check what had happened,” said Vaid. “I am not involved in the incident. I was not even present at the spot,” he claimed.
Meanwhile, the police have arrested 44 people — 32 Muslims and 12 Hindus — and registered three FIRs in connection with the riots so far. One FIR mentions that Blocks 21-27 were the areas hit by violence. Another 14 people — seven Hindus and seven Muslims — have been arrested for making bogus calls and trying to create a scare among residents.
Among the accused, one Mohammed Irfan is a history sheeter with cases registered against him in Mayur Vihar police station. Police said further investigations are on and more arrests are expected. The police have also obtained video footage of a man firing a gun during the violence. Police said they are trying to identify the man.

Sania Mirza WTA Finalshistory...    Cached
Sania Mirza and Cara Black will look to end their doubles partnership on a high First Indian woman to reach WTA finals summit clash Indian tennis ace Sania Mirza, in ...

Man United vs ChelseaFootball-News/2013/...    Cached
Michael Carrick had mixed emotions after Manchester United's FA Cup draw with Chelsea at Old Trafford, but is confident of winning the replay at Stamford Bridge.
www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/22328145    Cached
A deflected Juan Mata strike gives Chelsea a win at Manchester United which lifts the Blues up to third in the Premier League.

NSA sees large network behind Bardhaman blastNEW DELHI, October 26, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 09:32 IST
NSA sees large network behind Bardhaman blast
Devesh K. Pandey
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval.
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Doval says New Delhi, Dhaka working jointly to fight terror
On the eve of his visit to Bardhaman in West Bengal, where two suspected members of Jamaat-ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) were killed in the October 2 bomb blast, National Security Adviser Ajit Doval said there appeared to be a large network of the banned group that the investigators were working to unravel.
Mr. Doval told The Hindu that both Indian and Bangladeshi governments were working in close coordination in the fight against terrorism. “Both the countries enjoy excellent bilateral relations and we have been working together,” he said.
The NSA said the case had serious implications and required a comprehensive investigation. Special Secretary (Internal Security) Prakash Mishra and representatives of the Research and Analysis Wing, the Intelligence Bureau and the National Investigation Agency may accompany the NSA to West Bengal. NIA Director-General Sharad Kumar had earlier visited Bardhaman and Murshidabad on October 24.
Suvojit Bagchi from Kolkata reports
NSA to visit Bardhaman site
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval is expected to visit the blast site in Bardhaman in West Bengal and meet Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday. He is also expected to meet officers of the Central agencies in Kolkata. This is the second time the NSA is coming to Kolkata since the Trinamool Congress came to power in 2011. While in 2011, the then NSA Shivshankar Menon came to discuss the issue of Teesta water-sharing with Bangladesh, Mr. Doval is coming to discuss the security situation following increased tensions after the blast in Bardhaman earlier this month and identification of 58 suspected terror modules in the border State. The NIA has said proscribed Bangladesh terror group JMB was responsible for the blasts. Terror modules in West Bengal were making explosive devices to be used in Bangladesh.

Food  culture on a platterUpdated: October 26, 2014 10:32 IST
Food, culture on a platter
VIPASHA SINHA
Traditional spread: The eatery specilaises in a range of chicken dishes. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu
Traditional spread: the eatery specilaises in a range of chicken dishes. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu
Traditional spread: the eatery specilaises in a range of chicken dishes. Photo: special arrangement
TOPICS
lifestyle and leisure
Mudaliars Arcot Kitchen follows South Indian cooking techniques to draw foodies
Manjula Janakiraman had a treasure trove of recipes passed on to her by her mother-in-law. These authentic cooking formulas have been a vital part of kitchens in south India.
With these secret recipes Manjula started catering food to companies and in 2006 opened her own restaurant Mudaliars Arcot Kitchen.
“In this restaurant, we celebrate the culture of Mudaliars. We serve authentic dishes and use no artificial flavours,” says Pawan Kumar Janakiraman, Manjula’s son. Both want to carry forward his mother’s tradition.
After moving from one place to another, the restaurant has found a perfect space on Santhome High Road. “We have always been located around the Santhome area and hence our food is quite popular here.
Last year we moved to this new location and the dine-in area is under renovation to improve facilities. Right now, we are only doing door deliveries and take away food,” he says.
Their menu includes dosas, chapattis, biriyani and a range of curries. “We have a small menu. However, we focus on the quality. Chicken dishes are our speciality.
There are certain dishes that can be found only here. For instance, our Pepper Arcot Chicken is very popular.”
For details, call 9840272304/ 9884359550

Guest post: 5 steps to kick-start BrazilSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Emotional Intelligence: Cult or Competitive Advantagereddit
A few weeks ago, a headline caught my eye on LinkedIn. Judging by the numerous comments and rebuttal responses, I wasn't alone.
Clearly crafted to raise eyebrows (and clicks), it proclaimed, " Emotional Intelligence is Overrated. " After tucking away my initial skepticism and lowering my raised eyebrow, I read through the article to investigate author Adam Grant's points. After all, I respect Grant and his work.
The article tells a cautionary tale of a CEO who puts a good deal of faith in the importance of emotional intelligence, only to be "proven" wrong not once, but twice, by Grant and his team who conducted experiments with "hundreds of salespeople."
We're meant to see this story as proof positive that corporate leaders are better off assessing cognitive abilities and relegating the assessment of emotional intelligence (EI) to the touchy-feely fields where "you have to deal with emotions every day, like sales, real estate, and counseling."
Three paragraphs in, Grant rather provocatively describes anyone who believes in the validity of EI as belonging to a "cult." Not exactly the dispassionate stance of someone conducting unbiased research, but it is effective at spurring further reading and debate.
I understand where Grant and I ( and others like me ) diverge in our understandings of EI: measurement and application.
How do we measure EI?
Grant's article seems to imply that measuring emotional intelligence is standardized and agreed upon by experts. It is not.
As other experts like Dr. Kenneth M. Nowack have explained, there are multiple recognized measurements of emotional intelligence and all but one type are backed by comprehensive studies that confirm their validity as important factors in professional success.
According to Daniel Goleman's rebuttal :
"A telling study looked at all the data on these three different varieties of emotional intelligence as predictors of job performance . It found that if you used measures of emotional intelligence from the second or third categories, you can measure how EQ enhances performance -- but not if you used the measure cited in Grant's article."
Grant's chosen assessment, which measures one's ability to correctly identify emotions largely by looking at photos of human faces, is designed to measure how well a person can understand, read, and interpret emotions. But it does not assess social fluency (how well an individual acts on that ability or applies that intelligence).
So it's not surprising that when you look at a test that doesn't measure the application of emotional intelligence, you're not going to find a positive impact on career or corporate goals.
After all, a toddler may have the ability to recognize and correctly interpret emotions, but that certainly won't stop him from throwing a temper tantrum. He lacks the necessary emotional regulation. And we all recognize that grown-up equivalents of temper tantrums have a negative impact in the workplace, and in our lives overall.
The reason so many people believe in the validity of EI has nothing to do with being members of a cult, and everything to do with common sense and observation in the real world. Sure, data can sometimes overturn the apple cart of "common sense," but in this case, the other methods of EI measurement are absolutely correlated with greater success in both professional and personal spheres.
These studies bear out what our own common sense (and the CEO in Grant's example) tells us is true: Emotional intelligence matters deeply.
Let's talk terms.
In an effort to focus on the characteristics and behaviors that will and do lead to improved professional outcomes, let's discuss other terms that may be more effective: terms like applied self-awareness, social fluency, and behavioral intelligence.
The difference between these phrases and the harder-to-pin-down "emotional intelligence" is that they involve action, rather than a passive state of being. These terms describe someone who not only possesses emotional intelligence, but knows when, how, with whom, and to what degree to apply it.
Picture the C-level executive who knows exactly how to communicate criticism to team members in a way that motivates them, rather than crushing them. Or the normally animated and enthusiastic leader who suddenly gets quiet in order to convey the gravity of an event. Think of the high potential who remains poised, calm, and in control when challenged in a meeting.  Or the CPA who has a larger and more stable client base than her peers because she knows how to deliver bad news without creating alarm.
These skills are not only important to a small, select slice of fields and people. They are the skills that benefit anyone, in any arena. Think of the ability to write well. It may not be the first skill you think of when you think of science, but anyone in the scientific community will tell you that the ability to write well will set a scientist apart from equally intelligent scientists who are poor writers.
Similarly, you may not need to improve your behavioral intelligence to get by professionally... but is "getting by" really your goal?
In my work, I've found so many people for whom intelligence and ability were never the problem. These people have excelled in many ways, have laundry lists of achievements, and yet something is holding them back. They've stalled. They find themselves sitting at "good enough" -- but it's not good enough for them.
Behavioral intelligence, social fluency, the ability to apply emotional intelligence -- these are the teachable skills that can launch people into greater professional and personal success.
As Nowak cleverly concludes in his article: "it's not how smart you really are that matters in terms of work and life success, but how you are smart."
Follow Sara Canaday on Twitter: www.twitter.com/saracanaday
More:

Orland limits part-time hours to avoid health care requirements0
To pick up the slack, the proposed 2015 budget calls for three or four new part-time positions in the Recreation and Parks Department and some additional hours for part-time community service officers, who assist the Police Department's patrol officers with tasks including traffic control and enforcing parking and village ordinance violations, he said.
A February Congressional Budget Office report on the Affordable Care Act's effect on the labor market said to expect the total number of hours worked in the U.S. to decline after its full implementation, but said the reduction would primarily come from workers choosing to work less, not employers cutting jobs.
Dan Black, a professor at the University of Chicago's Harris School of Public Policy who studies labor economics, said it's too soon to say whether the changes Orland Park is making are happening on a wider scale.
For positions where employees are easy to find and little training is required, avoiding health care costs by relying on more part-time workers may be a smart business move, Black said. But if suitable candidates are tough to find or training is long or costly, particularly for higher-paid roles, employers may decide it's better to pay for one employee with benefits than two without, he said.
"When any one employer does this, it's in the news, but how it plays out in the market as a whole is up in the air," Black said.

Orland Park moving to new water meter system in November0
But to take full advantage of the system, Orland Park will also need to replace the transmitters on every water meter in the village with newer devices that are compatible with the antenna system, Ingram said at a Wednesday budget hearing.
Until all transmitters are upgraded, village staff will need to use two meter-reading systems: the antenna network and drive-by readings.
About 3,000 water meters have already been equipped with the new, SmartPoint transmitters, which can store hourly water meter readings for seven to ten days and may be able to identify leaks, Ingram said.
Buying enough SmartPoint transmitters for all remaining water meters in the village — about 21,000 devices — would cost slightly more than $2.5 million, according a cost breakdown presented at the budget hearing.
What has not yet been decided is how quickly the village will replace the existing transmitters with the new SmartPoint devices.
Ingram told trustees at the budget hearing he recommends letting village staff install all devices over four years at a total cost of about $3.6 million — slightly less than it would cost to hire an outside vendor — and requested $633,000 be included in the 2015 budget to purchase next year's supply.
A single village employee can replace 20 meters per day, or about 5,000 per year, he said.
Trustee Jim Dodge had previously encouraged village staff to consider paying for a contractor to speed up installation so the village can end drive-by meter readings sooner, but Finance Director Annmarie Mampe said there are also drawbacks to moving too quickly.
If installed all at once, it would be difficult to spread out the cost of replacing them, she said. "Not doing it so quickly also lets us work out the kinks," she said.

Black money lids off  3 big names revealed by govtBlack money lids off  3 big names revealed by govt
ING Comfortably Passes AQR And Stress TestING Comfortably Passes AQR And Stress Test
Air Canada announces that its shares will trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under a single tickerAir Canada announces that its shares will trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under a single ticker
Uruguay s ruling party dominates presidential raceUruguay s ruling party dominates presidential race
Black money: Meet the three account holdersBlack money: Meet the three account holders
Insurers need to enhance potential to think differentlyInsurers need to enhance potential to think differently
Eurozone banks: Deflation scenario missing from European Central Bank stress testsEurozone banks: Deflation scenario missing from European Central Bank stress tests
US accuses Japan of risking trade pactUS accuses Japan of jeopardising trade pact
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a9c5dc2-504b-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China property  mind the gaps© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3bbd5c76-52a6-11e4-9221-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Harder push for trade dealsOctober 10, 2014 12:03 pm
Harder push for trade deals needed to spur global growth
By Michael Froman
The importance of trade at a time of subpar GDP is made clear in the US, writes Michael Froman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52ec0b78-4fd5-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Widodo cabinet vetoed by anti-graft panel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f124c60-5a6c-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Widodo shows caution in cabinet picksJoko Widodo shows caution in choice of new Indonesian cabinet
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42932124-5d10-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brain training fired up by hard evidence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6028b80-3385-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China set to invest 105bn in UK by 2025October 27, 2014 12:02 am
China set to invest £105bn in UK infrastructure by 2025
Gill Plimmer in London and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/501808f6-5b89-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapores UOB in futures push to DubaiSingapore’s United Overseas Bank targets Dubai in futures push
Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2b099d6-545d-11e4-84c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan embraces future of robot carers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdb0dbe8-292b-11e4-8b81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Silicon Valley joins quest to cure ageing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/041e8e66-5503-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five ministers to watch in Widodo cabinetFive ministers to watch in Widodo cabinet
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3411ef6-5d9f-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Concern over debt position of Asean companies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7dbd6b0-4853-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai tycoon back on acquisition trailThai tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi back on acquisition trail
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e95f9f8-2d8f-11e4-aca0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas Agile secures loan extensionLoan extension for Agile highlights China’s property woes
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90be10d4-5d8d-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thailands Charoen turns from booze to teaThai tycoon Charoen turns focus from cheap spirits to tea
Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17ae2cf4-58da-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Glendale to launch retail sales of high-end green teaGlendale to launch retail sales of high-end green tea
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Oct 24:  
Glendale Estate is set to launch the retail sale of its high end – Authentic Green Tea. The company is planning to launch the green tea on October 30 at Taj Coromandel in Chennai.
K Gopalkrishnan, Executive Director, SGP Exim Pvt Ltd and Director of Glenworth Estate and Waterfall Estate told Business Line that the product has not been launched anywhere else till date. The company is looking to tie up with hospitals and large institutions to market its green tea.
Stating that the green tea from the estate is flavoured with naturally blooming jasmine, Mr Gopalkrishnan said “we call it authentic green tea because the liquor is very light, light greenish yellow in colour, pleasant to taste without the bitter taste of regular green teas. This tea can be brewed three times,” he added.
Apart from the green tea, the company is planning to introduce more variants of high end teas in black, green and Oolong tea categories in the retail market, the Director said.
The estate, located at an altitude of 1650 metres to 2120 metres above Mean Sea Level (MSL) is managed by Glenworth Estate, a closely held company.
Glendale Estate comprises of three gardens constituting a total planted area of 525 hectares, with yield levels exceeding 3000 kg of made tea per hectare.
“Glendale produces about 2 million kg of tea of which about 2 lakh kg is in the form of green tea. One-eighth of green tea produced is in the speciality category and it is this speciality tea that we are proposing to launch. The teas would be packed in 50 gm packs and sold at an MRP of Rs 395 per pack,” he said.
The factory is one among those producing Orthodox black tea, green tea and speciality teas in South India.
“We have been primarily catering the niche markets covering the US, UK, Russia, Poland, Germany, Japan, China, Taiwan and many more,” Mr Gopalkrishnan said.
The Executive Vice Chairperson of Apollo Hospitals Preetha Reddy is expected to launch the product, while the Executive Director of Tea Board, Coonoor R Ambalavanan is to inaugurate the function slated for October 30 at Taj Coromandel in Chennai.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Abes cabinet rocked by new scandalAbe’s cabinet rocked by new scandal
Demetri Sevastopulo in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc2a6350-5dc0-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pacific Rim ministers positive after talksPacific Rim ministers positive after trade talks
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d0525fa-5da6-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HS2 hailed catalyst for northern growthHS2 hailed a ‘catalyst’ for northern growth and other rail links
Chris Tighe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a27b076-5d30-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Businesses choose sides in airport battleBusinesses in UK regions choose sides in London airport battle
Peggy Hollinger and Chris Tighe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa889f0c-5bb2-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kim finds mission in Ebola crisisJim Yong Kim finds mission in Ebola crisis
Shawn Donnan – World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/abf34942-5cf6-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No change in Centres stand  says JaitleyNo change in Centre’s stand, says Jaitley
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 27:  
Refuting allegations of a ‘u-turn’ by the Centre in revealing some names the black money case, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said: “We will disclose names of only those against whom we have prosecutable evidence.”
He was speaking on Monday after the Government filed an additional affidavit disclosing eight names against whom prosecution has been initiated.
Jaitley reiterated that the Government will make public the names of only those account holders against whom charges have been filed in a court.
This is in line with the stand taken by the Centre on October 17. The stated position of the Government has been that that every account in any foreign bank cannot be termed ‘illegal’.
On October 17, Jaitley had said the Centre would go by the law, as “we are bound by treaties”.
Last week, the Centre had asked the court to clarify if the right to privacy is an integral part of right of life, and hence could information received under a tax treaty be disclosed.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Bengal can t turn a blind eye to terrorBengal can t turn a blind eye to terror
Rupee ends 3 paise down at 6130 against dollarRupee ends 3 paise down at 6130 against dollar
Coal block de-allocation: Power Ministry eyes the fuel supply agreement routeMoves Cabinet note to ensure 90% fuel supply
New Delhi, October 27:  
To ensure continued fuel supply to coal-based power plants, the Ministry of Power has floated a Cabinet note seeking approval to meet requirements of generators whose linked blocks are to be de-allocated by March 31, 2015.
The Cabinet note, seen by BusinessLine,states the Ministry has sought approval to meet 90 per cent of coal requirement of such plants by signing fuel supply agreements to keep them running at 85 per cent plant load factor. This would include plants constructed after 2009. There is also a proposal to convert tapering linkages of three years into full time linkages of 20 years.
The note recommends that the Ministry of Coal should sign fuel supply agreement to meet the requirements of projects aggregating 4,700 MW.
The proposal does not cover plants where only a Letter of Assurance has been signed.
For such plants, the Power Ministry proposes to allow imported or e-auctioned coal with the pass through in costs to be determined at the appropriate electricity commission. In the event of a shortfall in coal supply, the note recommends pooled prices of domestic and international coal. The proposals, if accepted by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, is expected to benefit 25,000 MW of capacity in the private sector and help electricity generators like Adani Power, Tata Power, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Reliance Power, Essar, GMR, GVK, among others.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Judge bars 85 U. of I. nurses from striking  Open link
Representatives said more than 1,000 nurses will begin their strike at 7 a.m. Tuesday. But because of the injunction, 85 nurses in bone marrow transplant, emergency care, labor and delivery, oncology and several intensive care units will not be allowed to strike. Those nurses traditionally care for people with critical health conditions, the hospital system said, and the nurses' absence could put those patients at risk.
"While we hope a strike will not occur, we have a responsibility to ensure our patients' continued care and safety," CEO of University of Illinois Hospital Avijit Ghosh said in a statement. The next negotiation is planned for Monday.
The original contract expired Aug. 22 and has been extended twice. The second extension expires at midnight Monday.

Don t jeopardize your own finances to help distressed sibling0
The idea I had was to ask my mom to change her will to allow repayment of any loan that I would take out for my sister, before dividing the assets from the estate. I am considering taking out a loan, putting some of this cash in escrow to be used for payment to the lender, and giving my sister some cash now.
She needs cash now, not from an inheritance down the road. Does this make any sense? Would I see a financial planner about this or an attorney? Do you have any other ideas?
Thanks for your help.
A: You are a good person to be watching out for your sister and your mother, and you are right to worry about your sister's long-term outcome.
At the end of the day, she's not your financial responsibility. But we understand how you would want to help her, particularly since she received her cancer diagnosis.
It seems like it might be foolish to try to get her house out of foreclosure. You should move her out of the property, hire an attorney to negotiate a deed-in-lieu agreement with the bank, or try a short sale of the home. That will allow your sister to move on with her life, particularly if you are able to get the lender to agree to waive any deficiency on the loan -- that is the amount your sister would still owe the lender after the short sale of the home.
The last thing she needs to worry about is whether the winter will be a cold one and if she can afford to get the heat turned on.
Instead, she should either move in with you (which you may or may not want to do, depending on how ill she is and how much you want to take care of her) or live in a rental apartment she can afford with her Social Security (she is now eligible at 62 to begin taking it) and any other income she has.
If she needs additional cash, you should consider having a conversation with your mother about taking out a home equity loan against her property. The proceeds would be put into an escrow account to be doled out to your sister (against her share of the estate) and to pay back the loan each month.
After your mother passes away, the property can be sold, and the remaining balance of the home equity loan can be paid back. The remaining estate will be divided, with the amount your sister received subtracted from her total.
You should discuss this plan with your mother, and then the two of you should visit with the estate attorney who prepared her will to see if there are any other options. You probably don't want to put a lot of money in your sister's name because if she winds up needing Medicaid, that cash would need to be paid out first before she qualified for help. Sending her a monthly check, or even paying the rent directly for her new apartment, is likely a better decision.
Finally, in no way should you and your husband jeopardize your own family finances or retirement plans to support your sister beyond what you have done. Many people would consider you to have already gone "above and beyond" by "lending" her thousands of dollars over the years that you already know will never be repaid.
Good luck. We hope your sister recovers completely or goes into remission.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Centre  State are together on Bardhaman blast probeUpdated: October 28, 2014 00:32 IST
‘Centre, State are together on Bardhaman blast probe’
Special Correspondent
NSG commandos at the site where an IED was seized in Bardhaman, West Bengal. File photo
TOPICS
investigation
The case is being probed by the National Investigation Agency
Stressing that the Centre has taken the “accidental blast” at Bardhaman “very seriously”, senior officials of the Union Home Ministry including National Security Adviser ( NSA) Ajit Doval met West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee at the State Secretariat here on Monday.
After a two hour meeting with the Chief Minister and senior officials, Prakash Mishra, Special Secretary (Internal Security) at Union Home Ministry said the “Centre and West Bengal are together in fighting terror.”
The visit of senior Home Ministry officials is crucial as the Trinamool Congress had initially opposed the probe by National Investigation Agency (NIA). Recently Ms Banerjee had expressed displeasure that the Centre had not taken her into confidence while ordering the probe.
“I am very happy to say that the Chief Minister has given an assurance that the Centre and State will work together in unearthing the entire case and ensure that such cases are investigated properly,” Mr. Mishra told journalists.
Mr Mishra also added that the Home Ministry will work on “improving the capacity of State police” and central forces engaged in this operation so that the investigation reaches its logical end.
The State government however did not issue any official statement on the visit of the Home Ministry officials.
At the State Secretariat, photojournalists were not allowed to take photographs of the Home Ministry officials.

Hess finds buyer for energy trading stakeHess finds buyer for energy trading stake
Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98ba91ba-5e03-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

George Frey / Getty Images filegeorge frey / getty images file
Assocham plea on coal block allocationAssocham plea on coal block allocation
Sensex closes 98 points down; oil and gas stocks drop (Lead)Sensex closes 98 points down; oil and gas stocks drop (Lead)
Honda recalls 2.3k models of Brio  Amaze & CR-VHonda recalls 2.3k models of Brio  Amaze & CR-V
How much  black money  do Indians have abroadHow much  black money  do Indians have abroad
New Haryana govt to probe land scamsKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

IM planned to kidnap Jews to free Qaeda-linked Pak scientist: NIAPrint
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 27, 2014 1:29 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 9:54 am
Al-Qaeda-linked Pakistani neuroscientist Dr Aafia Siddiqui, who is serving an 86-year jail term in the United States for an attack on US officials in Afghanistan, and whose release was sought by the Islamic State in exchange for the lives of slain US journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, also figured in the internet chats between Indian Mujahideen operatives, according to a recent NIA charge sheet on their activities.
IM co-founder Riyaz Bhatkal , who is currently believed to be in Pakistan, and Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, who was arrested from Nepal in August 2013, discussed the prospect of kidnapping Jews to obtain the release of Siddiqui, according to the NIA chargesheet in a grand conspiracy case against IM members.
“Investigation has established that during the stay of the accused A-6 (Yasin Bhatkal) in Nepal, Riyaz had also suggested kidnapping of Jews as a bargain to set free one Dr Aafia Siddiqui, imprisoned by the USA,” the NIA has stated following an analysis of the transcripts of online chats between IM operatives, which was unearthed following Yasin’s arrest.
The alleged conversations followed a visit by Riyaz to meet al-Qaeda leaders around June-July 2013 to forge an alliance. In his conversation with Yasin in August, that year, Riyaz said that he had been tasked by the al-Qaeda to “attack Jews in India”, the NIA said.
Freedom for the US-educated Siddiqui has emerged as a common cause among jihadist groups, with the Islamic State reportedly having sought her release along with a ransom before it killed Foley and Sotloff.
The transcripts of the chats between IM operatives also suggest a fluidity in the relationship between terrorist groups. For instance, during a chat with Yasin on May 23, 2013, Riyaz stated that he has arranged for the arrival in Pakistan of an Indian youth, Abdul Majeed, against whom Indian authorities issued an Interpol Red Corner Notice after he was named by the Bangalore police and the NIA in an alleged LeT conspiracy to recruit youths from India for jihadist activities.
Majeed, a native of Hyderabad and the younger brother of Shahid Bilal — an LeT and HuJI linked operative killed in Karachi in 2009 — was known to be living in Saudi Arabia and is alleged to have facilitated the travel of two youths from Hubli in Karnataka to Pakistan in 2011-12.
According to the charge sheet, Riyaz told Yasin that he was planning to bring Majeed to Pakistan from Saudi Arabia. Since Majeed had an Indian passport, he was looking for an escape route from Saudi Arabia, and Riyaz had arranged for the escape by telling Pakistan’s ISI that Majeed was an IM fund-raiser in Saudi Arabia, NIA said, quoting the transcripts of the chat.

Tripura medical college loses half PG courses  three de-recognized by MCIPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 27, 2014 5:35 pm
Tripura’s main medical college has lost half of its post-graduate courses after the Medical Council of India de-recognised six of them this year, three this month alone.
The Agartala Government Medical College is now left with permission to run just half of the courses it initially had, according to meeting minutes of the MCI through this year.
And, as things stand now, the college appears unable to expand in other areas as well – proposals to start four new PG courses have already been rejected.
In its latest meeting this month, the MCI recommended against granting further recognition to post-graduate courses in Pediatrics Medicine, Obstetrics and Gynaecology and Psychiatry.
General Surgery had already been de-recognised in August 2014, following the same fate as the college’s Anaesthesia and Radio Diagnosis courses two months prior.
Their final fate appears to have been prophesied somewhat with the MCI having disapproved the college’s proposals to increase the seats available in all these courses as early as February.
That was the same month the apex medical body disapproved similar proposals to increase seats in Ophthalmology and Orthopedics.
The MCI had then also shot down proposals to start PG courses in Respiratory Medicine, Pathology, Anatomy and Physiology as well as a diploma course in Child Health.
Interestingly, all the proposals to start these four new courses cited one Professor Dr H Sharmah as the in-charge principal of all these planned new departments, something the MCI could not accept.
But those were not the only reasons, as repeated reports cited a lack of faculty and infrastructure needed to host or operate these courses, the same reasons cited in the decisions to de-recognise the PG courses that did exist.
In some measure of consolation, however, the MCI has recommended for the continued recognition of four courses, including in Forensic Medicine, ENT, Community Medicine, Microbiology (although a proposal to increase seats in the latter was rejected in February).

Holiday Office Party Planning Issuesreddit
The office holiday party season is almost here, and with it comes a variety of potential morale, legal and public relations issues. The following is a quick overview of points to consider if you are planning an event.
1. Who is involved in planning, monitoring and clean-up? This is more sensitive than one might suppose. Leaving the work to female employees may send the wrong message. Excluding executives may suggest a division between leaders and followers. Think about this issue before starting.
2. Will the nature of your party encourage or discourage mixing between diverse groups? If people simply cluster together with their friends and ethnic groups, it may reinforce a sense of estrangement and division.  On the other hand, it is difficult to force people to mix. Think about this issue before starting.
3. Do you want to plan something nontraditional? For example, do you invite employees to serve a meal to the homeless, raise money for charity through an event, or attend an athletic event? You will need to judge how these suggestions will be received. This may be a way to minimize divisions.
4. Do you want a "family-friendly" event or an adults-only event? This fundamental decision sets the tone for everything else that occurs. Either approach has potential pros and cons. The balance of considerations may favor a family friendly approach.
5. How will you describe your party? Names and descriptive terms set expectations for the attendees. Ideally a name produces excitement and a desire to attend. Will you use religious terms as part of the description?
6. What location will you select? If you select an off-work-site venue with a meeting facility, it will be more expensive, but you will have the benefit of professional independent contractor staff serving the guests.
7. When will the event occur? A brief event at the office on the afternoon before a holiday has one set of expectations. A different set of expectations govern evening events outside of working hours. Which type event will most likely raise morale? If young children are present, you need to consider childcare, entertainment, and bedtime issues.
8. Who will you invite? A tone that is appropriate for an internal employee event may not be appropriate for an event when clients and customers are present.
9. How will you deal with uninvited guests or the employee who brings a guest? Will you have clear guidelines in advance or be flexible?
10. Will you serve alcohol? While alcohol may be expected, its presence raises social host liability issues and a variety of potential negligence issues surrounding drunk driving and other injury producing events. With alcohol, it is essential to monitor consumption and provide safe transportation for guests. A cash bar dampens the party atmosphere but an open bar invites over-consumption.
11. What food or snacks will you serve? Do you provide or promote "healthy" eating? Will you consider potential food allergies or religious objections to certain foods?
12. Will you have door prizes? The types of door prizes and how they are distributed is a more sensitive issue than one might suppose. Are they not too cheap, not too expensive, and fun but not disappointing?
13. Will you set ground rules for employees in advance of the event? For example, costume parties may become public relations disasters as insensitive ebola, racist, or sexist appearances are promulgated on social media. Some employers believe it is necessary to remind employees of the workplace codes of conduct in advance of an event.
14. Will attendance be mandatory? Mandatory or "strongly suggested" attendance raises potential workers' compensation claims if an injury occurs. Additionally, some persons simply don't enjoy socializing with coworkers.
15. Will there be entertainment? Both internal skits and external comedians should be non-embarrassing and not vulgar to avoid damaging morale and providing fuel for future employment discrimination lawsuits. For example, having supervisors perform a skit about out-of-touch old geezers is asking for trouble.
16. Will there be music? Music is such a matter of personal taste. You have to judge the tastes of your potential attendees. Having religious music may be offensive to some and its absence may be offensive to others.
17. Reduce the opportunities for sexual harassment with careful planning. This might be accomplished with costume appearance guidelines, careful selection of games, and the absence of mistletoe.
18. Does the money spent on the party match workplace economic realities? Are you having a lavish party when there are no raises or a simple party when the company is prospering?
19. Will you have security personnel present at the event? This depends upon many factors but is a reality to consider.
20. What does the company's liability insurance cover? It is worthwhile to check.
Now do you understand why Ebenezer Scrooge never had an office party?
More:

Husband of Spanish Ebola survivor leaves hospitalHusband of Spanish Ebola survivor leaves hospital
John Tory Elected Toronto s New MayorJohn Tory Elected Toronto s New Mayor
Nikkei Share Average Opens 0.17% LowerNikkei Share Average Opens 0.17% Lower
Gloom returns to Asia marketsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Market outlook: Second quarter earnings to drive stock markets this weekE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

More Mutual Fund protest at AGMsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cairn India falls after Brent crude dropsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s DLF  Jindal Steel hit by regulatory worriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Defence stocks jump as govt approves projects worth Rs 80K crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money: Govt submits 3 names in SCBlack money case: Centre names three account holders in Supreme Court
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 14:33 IST
Supreme Court of India
The government on Monday filed an affidavit before the Supreme Court in the black money case , naming three prominent businessmen including Pradip Burman, formerly of Dabur Group.
Goa-based miner Radha S Timblo and Bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya were the other two businessmen named in the affidavit.
The Centre told the court that it had no intention to withhold names of persons who have stashed black money abroad and stated that information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established.
Every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal, the Centre said, adding that names cannot be disclosed unless there is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing. It also told the court that Switzerland has indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases where probe has been done by I-T department.

Black money: CPI taunts Narendra Modi govt over missing Cong names on listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Trinamool takes BJP to task on black money  blackmailMiscellaneous
Trinamool Congress says Bharatiya Janata Party must come clean on black money; not play politics of blackmail
Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Published:  Oct 27 2014, 22:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 22:24  IST
 

Expect a lot of releases by HTC in India in next 2 quartersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Energy stocks fall as crude prices dipEnergy stocks fall as crude prices dip
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59ed8e-5d82-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Injured wild elephant and calf capturedUpdated: October 28, 2014 02:28 IST
Injured wild elephant and calf captured
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu
The wild elephant and her calf that were captured by a team of the Forest Department from the Peppara forests, near Vithura, on Monday.
An injured wild elephant and her calf, which kept tribal families in the Peppara forests, near Vithura, here on tenterhooks for nearly a week, were finally captured and shifted to the elephant rehabilitation centre at Konni on Monday.
Forest Department officials, along with a couple of tamed elephants, spent an entire day, first trying to trace the mother and child and then to tranquilise them mildly before taking the help of two tamed tuskers to hoist both onto a lorry.
According to T. Uma, Divisional Forest Officer (DFO), Thiruvananthapuram, a team of veterinarians from the department supervised the operation, the planning of which began two days ago. Senior officials were camping near Peppara for this.
T. Pradeep Kumar, DFO, Konni, said the injured elephant appeared to be around 40 years old, while the calf could be around two years old. The mother had injuries all over her body, apparently caused by crackers and other substances used by villagers and tribesmen from the tribal settlements in the region to protect their crops from wild elephants. Both were in a weak condition with the mother apparently suffering from her injuries for quite some time now, he said.
There were deep injuries on the top portion of her left hind leg, all of which would now be attended to by experts at the elephant rehabilitation centre, where the duo would reach by Monday midnight.
A team comprising veterinary surgeon Shasindra Dev, assistant surgeon Fiji Ferdinand and retired veterinarian Sunil had administered a mild dosage of Xylazine to tranquilise the elephant, which made her stand silent for over 30 minutes, which was enough for the tamed tuskers to slowly nudge her towards the waiting truck and help officials hoist her onboard. The calf, though frightened, allowed itself to be lifted into the vehicle.

GST must to boost manufacturing  growth in India  says World BankGST must to boost manufacturing  growth in India  says World Bank
UCO Bank identifies KFA as  wilful defaulterUCO Bank identifies KFA as  wilful defaulter
Crude drops as Goldman Sachs trims price forecastCrude drops as Goldman Sachs trims price forecast
Apna Dal chief sacks daughter Anupriya from top party postAnupriya Patel
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:10 am
The ongoing family feud in the Apna Dal took its first toll Monday as party national president Krishna Patel removed her daughter and Mirzapur MP Anupriya Patel from the post of national general secretary on charges of “indiscipline and unconstitutional acts”.
In a statement, Krishna Patel said “the ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh” has brought both the family and the Apna Dal “at a crossroad”.
“Anupriya had been warned on previous occasions. But due to personal ambitions of Anupriya and her husband Ashish Kumar Singh, party workers who have been with the Apna Dal for 18-19 years are being disrespected. On October 20, Anupriya assumed all powers of the state president in my absence and (over the past few weeks) unconstitutionally expelled many party workers, including the state president. She claimed to the media that she is the final authority in the party,” Krishna said.
In a statement issued late on Monday, Anupriya refuted all of Krishna’s allegations point-by-point. “Some self-serving persons in the family and the party want to break the Apna Dal-BJP alliance,” she told The Indian Express. She added that a party meeting will be called within a week to decide on the future course.
On Monday, The Indian Express had reported that owing to differences within the family, Anupriya had decided to skip the party’s foundation day celebrations in Varanasi. She has, instead, chosen to participate in a similar programme in Allahabad.
Krishna cited this as one the reasons behind removing Anupriya from her post.
“As soon as she became an MLA (in 2012), she started behaving tyrannically and also designated herself as chief general secretary, instead of general secretary, which led to a feeling of insecurity among other general secretaries,” Krishna said. Krishna also claimed that Anupriya had threatened to merge the party with the BJP if she was not allowed to contest Lok Sabha elections this year. Already an MLA from Rohaniya, Anupriya won the election from Mirzapur. Krishna had then unsuccessfully contested the byelections to Rohaniya, losing out to the SP.
“Subsequently, when party workers from all over the state started working for our victory in Rohaniya, Anupriya and Ashish formed a new national committee and jeopardised my chances by handing them the responsibility of the campaign,” Krishna claimed.

The three names: A gold trader with BJP links  a hotelier and miner  a member of a storied business familyBy: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 8:01 am
Pankaj Lodhiya
Pankaj Lodhiya,  44, the Rajkot-based bullion trader whose name figured in the Centre’s black money affidavit, has his office, Shreeji Trading Company, on Bhupendra Road in the city. The office was shut on Monday — Diwali festivities end only on Labh Pancham, which is on Tuesday.
Lodhiya expressed shock at his name appearing in the affidavit: “I am shocked to hear this.  I don’t have any account in Swiss banks. Everything is in the (account) books. I will reply to queries by the prosecution. I was among those who congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he took up the campaign against black money, and I am sure that I will come out clean on this. If any account is found, I am ready to surrender whatever money is deposited to the Government of India.”
His father, Chamanlal Lodhiya, is close to local BJP leaders. According to information made public by the Association for Democratic Reforms on Monday, the BJP’s donations report for 2011-12 lists Rs 51,000 from the elder Lodhiya.
Pankaj Lodhiya, who did not complete his commerce degree, entered the bullion trading industry around 15 years ago, and is now the chief supplier of gold to Rajkot’s huge jewelley industry.
Shreeji Group has interests in diamond, gold and silver jewellery, as well as realty. It has branches in Ahmedabad, Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore. According to the group website, the company is associated with London Bullion Market Association, an international association. Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd, another group company, markets jewellery under the brand Tatva.
The I-T department had raided Lodhiya’s home around a year and a half ago, but not many details about the operation were reported.
Radha Timblo
Radha Satish Timblo, named in the Centre’s affidavit to the Supreme Court for allegedly stashing black money abroad, is a member of the Timblo family in Goa that operates mines and owns the 5-star Cicade de Goa resort at Vainguinim Beach.
The family’s name has earlier appeared in connection with an alleged illegality involving the transfer of a mining lease that was originally granted to Badrudin Mavani, an individual.
The Supreme Court’s central empowered committee looking into illegal mining in Goa alleged in its interim report that the ownership of the mining lease was illegally taken over by the Timblo family using a power of attorney. The concession had been granted to an individual, but had been operated as a partnership firm, in which Radha Timblo was a minority partner and Timblo Pvt Ltd held the majority.
According to election watchdog Association for Democratic Reforms, Timblo Pvt Ltd donated Rs 1.18 crore to the BJP, and Rs 65 lakh to the Congress over the seven-year period between 2004-05 and 2011-12.
As per details made available by ADR on Monday, Timblo Pvt Ltd made nine donations ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 25 lakh to the BJP, and three — of Rs 30 lakh, Rs 25 lakh and Rs 10 continued…

J&K Police rule out Valley linkPrint
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:05 am
After a “thorough investigation”, the J&K Police have ruled out any Kashmir link to the blast that took place at Burdwan in West Bengal earlier this month.
“We checked thoroughly after being approached by the central agencies. There is no Kashmir link in the Burdwan blast case,’’ Director General of J&K Police K Rajindra told The Indian Express.
“The person who had made the call was also from West Bengal and has already left the Valley. No one was arrested here and the few people who had been detained for questioning have already been released,” he said.
A probe into possible Kashmir connection of the suspects in the Burdwan blast was initiated soon after agencies found out that the man who was injured in the blast had been in contact with a Kashmir phone number. Subsequently, a team of investigators from the National Investigation Agency (NIA) had rushed to Kashmir.
Sources in J&K Police revealed that the cell phone number that had come under scanner was registered to a Zulfikar with an address of Kansipora in Baramulla. “This had raised suspicion,’’ an officer privy to the investigation said. “Once we checked, we found Zulfikar is a mason from West Bengal who has been working in Baramulla for long. He had acquired the phone from that address.”
Zulfikar was picked up and taken to the Joint Interrogation Centre in Baramulla. “He (Zulfikar) told the investigators that though the SIM is in his name, it was being used by another mason namely Farooq, a resident of Nadia district. Farooq had left for home on September 25.”
The officer said that the “call and tower details” of the phone revealed that Farooq was in Kathua on September 29 and was on the way back home in West Bengal. “This was a pre-paid SIM which couldn’t work outside J&K. So there was no lead once Farooq left the state,’’ he said. “It is a fact that Farooq was in contact with the man who was injured in Burdwan. However, there is no evidence suggesting any suspicious link between Farooq and anybody on our radar in Kashmir”.
The police also picked up Zulfikar’s relative Haider Ali for questioning. “He corroborated what Zulfikar had already told us,’’ the officer said.
According to the official, Zulfikar, Haider Ali and Rabi-al-Islam were living in one room while Farooq along with Salim and Mohammad were putting up in another room. “All of them were working as masons or labourers here and had been coming to the valley regularly for work,’’ the official said. “After the flood, almost all the non-local workers left Kashmir. Only Zulfikar and Haider Ali were still here.”

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares drift lower  Fed meeting awaitedGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares drift lower  Fed meeting awaited
Getting Intimate With San Francisco s Drag Scene PioneersGetting Intimate With San Francisco's Drag Scene Pioneers
Posted:
This story originally appeared on Slate .
By Jordan G. Teicher
Aunt Charlie’s Lounge is a small, windowless establishment in San Francisco’s Tenderloin neighborhood, an area once known for its nightlife and LGBTQ attractions. Today, the crime rate is 35 times higher than anywhere else in the city, and Aunt Charlie’s is the neighborhood’s only remaining gay bar. Still, its evening-length drag show continues, and, without a stage, the drag queens perform among the audience, making for an intimate show.
When James Hosking visited Aunt Charlie’s Lounge for the first time in 2009, after moving to San Francisco from New York, he immediately gravitated toward the older performers there, curious about their connection to a period when drag was “illicit and less accessible.” He was also driven to understand why, after so many years, they continue to perform. “They open themselves to ridicule because of their age, yet they seem to relish the opportunity for provocation and confrontation,” Hosking said via email.
Hosking began photographing three of those performers—Collette LeGrande, Donna Personna, and Olivia Hart—in 2013. This year, he teamed up with journalist Jeremy Lybarger for a story published in Out Magazine , and completed a documentary about the trio, Beautiful by Night . In his photos as well as his film, Hosking captures the performers during their evening routines as they get their makeup and costumes on, hang out backstage, and head back home after performing.
Drag, Hosking found, requires a lot of stamina, time, and money. The physical transformation alone can be laborious—and it gets harder with age. Audience members, meanwhile, tend to think of the drag queens as “big dolls,” and after a few drinks, some patrons can get “grabby and demanding. “But, for the most part, I think the joy comes from the audience’s excitement and pleasure, which creates a feeling that everyone is there to have a good time together. I imagine that makes all the bullshit worthwhile. The tips don’t hurt either,” Hosking said.
Throughout San Francisco, LGBTQ clubs have vanished as the cost of doing business in the city has increased and many potential customers (older, artistic people who “live outside the 9-to-5 routine”) are driven out due to drastically rising rents. Aunt Charlie’s thrives with the crucial support of regulars who live in nearby rent-controlled apartments.
While younger performers “can be connected to LGBT history and pay homage to that in their performances,” Hosking said, “it’s different to have experienced it firsthand. I think older performers helped drag gain greater visibility simply by living their lives the way they wanted to.”

Fresh surge of wind powerUpdated: October 27, 2014 01:02 IST
Fresh surge of wind power
Rahul Prithiani
alternative energy
The restoration of benefits such as accelerated depreciation (AD) and generation-based incentive (GBI) is expected to invigorate the domestic wind power sector. Crisil Research estimates that 10,000 MW of capacity will be added during 2015-18, entailing investments of Rs.65,000 crore compared with 7,000 MW over the previous three years.
GBI and AD (which expired in March, 2012) enable a quantum improvement in the economics of power projects, so it is understandable why capacity additions will go up with their restoration. Crisil Research estimates suggest that projects availing of AD (80 per cent depreciation allowed in the first year of operations) are economically viable at only Rs.3.80 a unit. In comparison, States such as Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh offer preferential tariffs ranging from Rs.3.90 to Rs.5.90 a unit, which make wind power attractive for developers in these States.
The salutary impact of these incentives on capacity additions has been seen in the past too. AD propelled capacity additions until it expired in 2011-12; the share of AD in total installed capacity (21,693 MW as on March, 2014) is estimated at 65-70 per cent.
That is not all. In States such as Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal, where industrial tariffs are high in the range of Rs.7 to Rs.7.50 a unit, wind power is an attractive option since generation costs are significantly lower, particularly in view of the restoration of AD.
Likewise, GBI (Rs.0.50 a unit for a period not less than four years and maximum of ten years) is also estimated to reduce tariff required to earn equity IRR of 16 per cent to about Rs.4.50-4.70 a unit from Rs.5 a unit, depending on the plant load factor (PLF).
AD and GBI are not the only incentives coming the way of wind power companies. The Central Government provides a ten-year tax holiday (under Section 80IA), funding through the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) at favourable interest rates (~100 basis points lower than bank finance), concessional custom duty and excise duty exemption on wind turbine components. The government also proposes to set up a National Wind Energy Mission to facilitate and promote capacity additions in the sector.
During 2015-18, capacity additions will be driven by Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh, which offer attractive preferential tariffs that are determined by the respective State electricity regulatory commissions based on capital costs and PLF. Moreover, the power distribution companies (discoms) in these States are relatively stronger financially, which ensures timely payments.
By contrast, capacity additions in Tamil Nadu are expected to decline due to significant evacuation issues and a poor track record of timely payments.
In the past, the sector was largely driven by the OEM (original equipment manufacturer) model. OEMs such as Suzlon, Gamesa, Vestas, Regen Powertech and Inox Wind provide end-to-end solutions, including wind and site studies, land procurement, installation of turbines and operation and maintenance services. The OEM model was prevalent as SMEs, which have limited experience in executing power projects, dominated capacity additions to reduce tax outgo by availing themselves of accelerated depreciation. But, over the last two years, we have witnessed a gradual shift in project execution due to the entry of IPPs (independent power producers).
However, in future, Crisil Research expects both models to co-exist. The OEM model will be driven by restoration of AD coupled with the fact that OEMs have acquired sites with good wind potential. The IPP route will be led by the focus of players such as Tata Power, China Light & Power and NTPC on wind power, particularly due to issues such as limited fuel availability, delay in clearances and the like in the conventional power space.
Key challenges
Even though the sector’s prospects appear to be bright, there are certain challenges ahead. Notable among these are lack of enforcement of renewable purchase obligation (RPO), the weak financial health of State discoms, and inadequate evacuation infrastructure.
Some States such as Tamil Nadu, Kerala and West Bengal have revised their RPO targets downwards in the past. Also, States such as Maharashtra, Haryana and Chhattisgarh have been allowed to carry forward their RPO obligations. The poor compliance of States is reflected in the sharp increase in unsold renewable energy certificates (REC) to 10.1 million as on September 30, 2014, from 3.7 million against the previous year. The REC is a mechanism available for States with lower renewable energy potential to meet their RPOs through purchase of these certificates on the power exchange. Clearly, if States reduce obligations or are unable to meet them, investments in the wind power market could be affected.
The poor financial health of State discoms too remains a major concern, as it hinders their ability to offtake wind power at nearly Rs.5 a unit. Some States also do not have sufficient transmission infrastructure to evacuate power within the State. Land availability, delays in land acquisition and obtaining clearances are difficult in States such as Karnataka and Maharashtra, which can also slow down project execution, leading to time and cost over-runs. Overcoming these challenges is important if the full potential of the sector is to be realised.
The author is Director, CRISIL Research

Here Are Some Animated GIFts To Help You Celebrate Picasso s Birthdayreddit
On a fine day like today, 133 years ago, a man named Pablo Picasso was born. The Spanish painter, sculptor, ceramicist and creative spirit revolutionized the history of art as we know it, introducing concepts from collage to Cubism.
In an effort to honor the life of the inimitable artistic force, we're taking a cue from Pablo himself when he said "For those who know how to read, I have painted my autobiography." And since he was always a fan of throwing art history for a loop, we could think of no better way to pay our respects than through a series of animated GIFs based off Picasso's iconic canvases.
Happy birthday, Picasso! The world is a brighter, more angular place thanks to you. Check out our animated GIFts below and leave Picasso a birthday message in the comments.
1. "Harlequin and his Companion"
2. "Guernica"

Justice is blind  but so are some umpiresMore
A cricket guide for judges
[SATIRE] Our great game has much more in common with the law and its practice than we might think.
By Alan Tyers | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014 12:05 PM IST
0
'You need to appeal to a higher court mate.'
British High Court judge Mrs Justice Beverley Lang stunned her courtroom this week with her lack of cricket knowledge. Hearing a case about a planning application involving a Hampshire cricket pitch, the judge was told that boundaries might land on the roof of a nearby property. "I don't play cricket - what does that mean? What are fours and sixes?" asked the judge, who is absolutely definitely unaware that she shares a name with England and Hampshire legend Robin Smith.
It seems baffling that such an establishment figure does not have even a rudimentary grasp of England's summer game. But cricket and the law actually have a lot in common - so here's a guide to get the judge started.
As with criminal law, cricket has the concept of a victim, a technical term relating to a bowler getting a batsman out or "claiming him as a victim." It has a variant meaning when used by the cricketer Kevin Pietersen , who believes that he is a victim at all times.
In law, we have the right to be tried by a jury of our peers. In cricket, everybody is judged by a one-man jury of Piers, who pronounces harsh sentences on anybody who isn't his mate Kevin Pietersen (see above).
His rulings almost always carry an aggravating factor and lack appeal.
Sometimes, English batsmen are given a trial by spin. They are invariably found guilty.
Once a trial by spin has been concluded, it is common for the English victim to introduce the concept of the suspect. This means that the bowler who has got all the English batsmen out becomes a suspect, and probably the target of legal action.
The case for the defence is usually made by the noted QC Sir Geoffrey Boycott, who will attempt to cast doubt on the abilities of the current prosecution with reference to the cases of Me v Mikey Holding, Me v Dennis Lillee and Me v bloody everybody on uncovered pitches. M'learned friend Boycott is especially severe on any action he adjudges to have been premeditated, and is also noted for his jurisprudence work related to the burden of proof, or the batsmen getting the benefit of the doubt. NB: This is a different concept to the corridor of uncertainty, which is a device used to unsettle a defendant.
A batsman can be said to have been adjudged lbw. This is generally a euphemism for "No way was that out." Justice is blind, but so are some umpires.
It is important in cricket, as in the law, to establish liability and then hide him in the field where the ball won't get to him too often. See the case of Crown v Panesar, M.
Much like the legal profession, cricket is very keen on preposterous wigs. See Judge Warnie, Judge Vaughany and Judge Goochie for further counsel on this.
In the law, a conversation can be said to be privileged. In cricket, this generally means that Giles Clarke is talking to a cricketer from a public school whom he considers to be the right sort of chap.
The most serious and important concept in law is that of rights. The most serious and important concept in cricket is TV rights and people not watching cricket on the internet.
Finally, like the law, cricket makes uses of sentences. An Australian cricketer is legally obliged to being every sentence with the words "Aw, look…" while his English counterpart must finish every one with "but we're taking the positives going forward".
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Irfan Pathan  lost among the shadowsTears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
Farewell Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 12:19 PM IST
Cricket bats stood silent sentry outside schools and homes, many adorned with messages for their favourite son, as the small Australian town of Macksville came to a standstill on Wednesday for the funeral of Phillip Hughes.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Today on Yahoo

Apple Pay faces challenge as two drug stores reject itE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM takes leaf from Batra book: Mahabharat genetics  Lord GaneshasurgeryPrint
Narendra Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:53 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:16 am
Seeming to take a page out of Dina Nath Batra’s book , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has linked medical science to mythology, citing “plastic surgery” and “genetic science” to explain the creation of Lord Ganesh and Karna respectively.
Also Read: Man who got Wendy Doniger pulped is made ‘must reading’ in Gujarat schools
Speaking at a function in Mumbai on Saturday, he said, “Medical science ki duniya mein hum garv kar sakte hain ki hamara desh kisi samay mein kya tha. Mahabharat mein Karna ki katha, hum sab Karna ke vishay mein Mahabharat mein padhte hain. Lekin kabhi humne thoda sa aur sochna shuru karen to dhyaan mein aayega ki Mahabharat ka kehna hai ki Karna maa ki god se paida nahi hua tha. Iska matlab ye hua ki us samay genetic science maujood tha. Tabhi to Karna, maa ki god ke bina, uska janma hua hoga. ( We can feel proud of what our country achieved in medical science at one point of time. We all read about Karna in Mahabharat. If we think a little more, we realise that Mahabharat says Karna was not born from his mother’s womb. This means that genetic science was present at that time. That is why Karna could be born outside his mother’s womb).”
According to the text of the speech posted on the PMO website, he  said, “Hum Ganeshji ki pooja karte hain. Koi to plastic surgeon hoga us zamaane mein jisne manushya ke shareer par haathi ka sar rakhkar ke plastic surgery ka prarambh kiya hoga.  (We worship Lord Ganesh. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an elephant’s head on the body of a human being and began the practice of plastic surgery).”
Stressing on the need to improve healthcare facilities, Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times. “There must be many areas in which our ancestors made big contributions. Some of these are well recognised. If we talk about space science, our ancestors had, at some point, displayed great strengths in space science. What people like Aryabhatt had said centuries ago are being recognised by science today. What I mean to say is that we are the country which had these capabilities. We need to regain these,” he said.
In his book, Tejomay Bharat, which was made compulsory reading in Gujarat schools, Batra, convenor of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, has said, “.America wants to take the credit for invention of stem cell research, but the truth is that India’s Dr Balkrishna Ganpat Matapurkar has already got a patent for regenerating body parts. You would be surprised to know that this research is not new and that Dr Matapurkar was inspired by the Mahabharata. Kunti had a bright son like continued…

Dollar struggles as Fed meeting looms  market subduedYen benefits from falling oil prices; commodity currencies slide
By Masayuki Kitano and Ian Chua, Reuters
8
Commodity currencies extended their recent losses, with the Australian dollar setting a four-year low, while the Canadian dollar hit a five-year trough versus the U.S. dollar.
Against the yen, the greenback fell 0.4 percent to 120.25 yen , pulling further away from a seven-year high of 121.86 yen set on Monday. The yen also rose versus the euro, which shed 0.5 percent to around 148.02 yen .
0
The dollar may retreat further versus the yen in the near term due to the potential for more position squaring in the wake of its recent rally, said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
"The size of volatility in the dollar's moves versus the yen has become quite stark," Murata said, adding that choppy trading conditions could persist toward the year-end.
"I think we may even see levels around 119.50 yen or so today," he said.
The dollar's rise to a seven-year high on Monday marked a gain of about 11 percent versus the yen after the Bank of Japan expanded its monetary stimulus at the end of October.
Commodity currencies remained under pressure, with the Australian dollar touching a four-year low at one point and last trading at $0.8241 , down 0.7 percent on the day.
The Canadian dollar slipped to as low as C$1.1501  versus the U.S. dollar earlier on Tuesday, its lowest level since July 2009, as oil prices hit five-year lows.
Market participants said the U.S. dollar remained supported by expectations for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates some time next year.
Earlier on Tuesday, the dollar had gained a lift from a Wall Street Journal report saying that Fed officials are seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a "considerable time", when the Fed issues its policy statement next week.
The Fed's policy meeting takes place on Dec. 16-17.
Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar edged up 0.1 percent to 89.104 <.DXY>. On Monday the dollar index had set a five-year high at 89.55.
The euro held steady at about $1.2313 , staying above a two-year low of $1.2247 set on Monday.
Investors were likely to remain wary of buying the common currency amid speculation that the European Central Bank (ECB) was poised to ease policy further early next year.
Executive Board member Benoit Coeure kept those expectations alive on Monday, saying policymakers last week agreed unanimously to assess how and when to react to downward inflation risks in early 2015, and that they could then change their asset buying plans.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)

Asian shares drift lower  Fed meeting awaited2
While falling energy prices are a boon for consumer spending power in much of the world, it was bad news for resource stocks like Australia's Santos  which shed almost 8 percent.
The pain spread across the main Australian share index which skidded 1.7 percent <.AXJO>, while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> fell 0.8 percent to a seven-week trough.
Spread betters predicted the FTSE <.FTSE>, DAX <.GDAXI> and CAC 40 <.FCHI> would all open around 0.4 percent lower.
Japan's Nikkei <.N225> eased 0.8 percent, but that follows a run of hefty gains which took it to the highest since mid-2007.
Chinese shares have also been on a tear and Tuesday was no exception as the CSI300 index <.CSI300> powered up another 3 percent to peaks last visited in April 2011. It has now climbed by a third in just three weeks.
In currency markets, the yen benefited as nervous speculators cut back on short positions. The dollar faded to 120.15 yen , and away from Monday's high of 121.86, while the euro retreated to 148.00 .
The Australian dollar was a major loser, reflecting the country's position as a major commodity exporter, and slid a full yen to 99.04 .
The selling spread to the Chinese yuan  which was heading for its largest one-day drop since 2008 as corporates bailed out on expectations of further monetary easing.
Spot yuan slid nearly half a percent to 6.2007 per dollar, accelerating a decline that began when China's central bank surprised markets last month by cutting interest rates.
Not helping risk appetite was a Wall Street Journal report that Fed official were seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a "considerable time".
Such a move would be taken as a sign the central bank was on target to start raising interest rates around the middle of next year, a view that has gained great traction since last week's surprisingly strong payrolls report.
Yields on two-year Treasury debt  has spiked to highs not seen since April 2011 while the whole yield curve has flattened markedly as investors wager Fed action will keep inflation low over the long run.
The lack of inflationary pressure combined with a rising U.S. dollar kept gold on the back foot. Spot prices  were stuck at $1,200 on Tuesday after shedding a couple of bucks the previous session.
(Editing by Shri Navaratnam)

Newly re-elected Brazil leader faces house dividedNewly re-elected Brazil leader faces house divided
India  Vietnam to sign deal on oil exploration in South China SeaIndia  Vietnam to sign deal on oil exploration in South China Sea
US recommends voluntary isolation for health workersUS recommends voluntary isolation for health workers
Some US Retailers Shun Apple Pay  Eye Rival Payments SystemSome US Retailers Shun Apple Pay  Eye Rival Payments System
Maruti Suzuki  Lupin  Ranbaxy in Focus TodayMaruti Suzuki  Lupin  Ranbaxy in Focus Today
Asian Shares Await Fed OutcomeAsian Shares Await Fed Outcome
Who are Pradip Burman  Radha Timblo and Pankaj LodhiyaHi Guest
Who are Pradip Burman, Radha Timblo and Pankaj Lodhiya?
Image: Government will make public names of only those people against whom there is a prosecutable case in connection with tax evasion. Photograph: Adnan Abidi/Reuters  Everything you need to know about the three names in the black money case revealed by the government to Supreme Court. Pradip Burman Pradip Burman belongs to one of India’s most illustrious business families, one which runs the noted Dabur brand of mostly Ayurveda-based FMCG products, including such iconic brands as ...

Pre-market: Five stocks to watch in trade todayPre-market: Five stocks to watch in trade today
One Way Chipotle Has Completely Revolutionized How We EatOne Way Chipotle Has Completely Revolutionized How We Eat
Posted:
reddit
Judging by our eating habits, we've become a nation of adult babies eating pre-cut food out of bowls.
Instead of sitting in highchairs toying with our cooked beef and rice, we shovel our lunches into our mouths while typing at computers in open-plan offices or robotically scrolling through our News Feeds.
Always an option at home and some restaurants, the bowl meal truly launched a decade ago when Chipotle first introduced its burrito bowl, a diners’ choice of rice, beans, meat, salsa and other fixings mixed up in a bowl. Chipotle now sells more bowls than burritos, according to Chris Arnold, a spokesman for the chain. Though Chipotle doesn't break out revenue by menu item, its success overall has been meteoric -- with revenue rising about 11 percent from $2.73 billion in 2012 to $3.04 billion so far this year.
Sales of so-called Mexican bowls at fast-casual restaurants went up 14 percent over the past two years, according to data from Technomic, a food research firm. The number of chains offering "Asian bowls" with ingredients like noodles, chicken, rice and vegetables grew 8 percent over the same period, according to Technomic. Chipotle’s Asian-themed spinoff, ShopHouse, exclusively sells bowls comprised of a base of rice, noodles or salad mixed with a protein like grilled chicken satay, vegetables and a choice of curry and tamarind sauces.
A Chipotle burrito bowl.
Besides just tasting good, the bowls play into some recent dining trends: the rise of gluten-free eating and the popularity of protein over carbs as people turn away from bread-heavy sandwiches. We're also increasingly picky, and a setup with a base of grain or lettuce and a choice of toppings allows us to dictate our meals to our exact preferences.
Perhaps more importantly, bowls are also perfect for workers looking for meals they can eat easily at their desks.
“No one is sitting down and eating a meal you have to cut up into little pieces,” said Kira Fisher, who runs the blog Sad Desk Lunch , which succinctly sums up the bowl trend. “It takes a lot of space to eat like a proper person.”
Some industry observers dismiss the bowl meal as trend. But it hints at more troubling concerns, said Marlene Schwartz, the director at Yale’s Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity.
Part of the recommended treatment for obesity and eating disorders is to “sit at a table without the television on and actually eat your food with a knife and fork,” Schwartz said. “The fact that that’s part of the treatment means that we’ve really moved away from it” as a society, she added.
Forking a mixture of rice, vegetables and meat into your mouth while looking at email or making phone calls isn’t an ideal way to eat, according to Schwartz. “People do tend to eat more and not realize how much they’re eating” if they’re distracted by another task, she said.
It’s true that in some cultures, people regularly eat stews, noodles and sushi without a knife and fork, and those meals are often unrushed family or even community events. But the elimination of the knife and the move towards the bowl at fast food and fast-casual restaurants is largely a Western invention of convenience.
Traditional fast food restaurants are on trend, too. The number of fast food restaurants offering a "bowl meal" grew by 5.6 percent between 2010 and 2014, according to research from Dataessential, a Chicago-based firm that tracks food industry trends.
Taco Bell launched a Cantina Power Menu earlier this year, which includes a selection of steak, chicken and veggie bowls featuring lettuce, guacamole, pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream and rice. KFC has offered its “famous bowl” line -- a mix of mashed potatoes, bite-sized crispy chicken pieces, gravy and cheese -- since 2006.
Many of the submissions coming into Fisher’s blog celebrate the old-school bowl meal: leftovers of a meat and rice stew or lasagna that were better the night before. “There’s always been casseroles and one-dish meals,” said Mary Chapman, senior director of product innovation at Technomic. “How it’s positioned is new.”
A sampling of the classic one-dish bowl lunch:
Part of the appeal of the bowls offered in fast-casual and fast food restaurants is that they can stand in for many of the standard lunch items, Chapman said. They’re “a way to have a big giant sandwich without having to hold it in your hand” or “a healthful alternative without having to be a salad,” she said.
But the rise in restaurants offering a bunch of ingredients mixed up in a bowl is “pure trend” that’s liable to go out of fashion, said David Just, a behavioral economist at Cornell University who has studied why people eat what they do.
“It’s trying to play to a modern idea of what’s beautiful and attractive,” Just said, noting that bowls also allow restaurants to rein in portion sizes because it takes less food to make a bowl look full.
And customers seemed convinced. A group of 16-year-old boys having their first-ever off-campus lunch at a Manhattan Chipotle one recent afternoon bragged about their ability to game the system by ordering bowls. “They give you more if you get the bowl,” one said. “I got it literally every day this summer,” another noted. An 18-year-old NYU student having a quick lunch by himself cited similar reasons for choosing a bowl instead of a burrito. “It’s more calories, more bang for your buck,” he said.
(That may be more perception than reality. According to Chipotle’s calorie calculator, burrito bowls typically have about 300 fewer calories than burritos.)
Out of 13 people who went through the line in about a 15-minute period during the lunch rush at the restaurant, just four ordered burritos. The other nine opted for bowls.
Even Mitt Romney gets a burrito bowl at Chipotle.
Eating without a plate, knife and fork has become so ubiquitous, we may have actually reached peak bowl. While the number of bowls on the menus of fast food and fast-casual chains grew between 2010 and 2014, it declined in fine dining restaurants, according to research from Datassential, a Chicago-based firm that studies food industry trends.
Once a trend starts to fall off in more expensive eateries, that typically means it’s saturated the market as much as it’s going to, according to Christin Groh, a senior manager on the MenuTrends team at Datassential. “It may end up tapering off,” Groh said. “In recent years, penetration has really remained flat.”
Still that doesn’t mean bowls are disappearing from restaurants like Chipotle any time soon. As Cornell's Just said, diners "are looking for things that are easy to eat and go without much thought.”
More:

Sensex soars up 212 points at a months highUpdated: October 22, 2014 17:21 IST
Sensex soars up 212 points at a month’s high
PTI
stocks
Samvat year 2070 ended with a bang as Sensex on Wednesday soared 212 points to finish at one-month high and Nifty jumped 68 points to close just shy of 8,000 mark on optimism festive sales will boost earnings and hopes that Modi government will unleash more economic reforms.
The Hindu Samvat year 2070 saw Sensex flaring up by 5,547.87 points or 26.12 per cent, its biggest gain in last five Samvat years.
In Samvat year 2065, it had gained 8,813.26 points or 103.57 per cent. Investors in BSE listed stocks gained nearly Rs 25 lakh crore in Samvat year 2070.
In a firm, but range bound trade on Wednesday, buying was seen across the board as all 12 BSE sectoral indices closed with gains between 0.06 per cent and 2.97 per cent.
Auto, capital goods and pharma counters took the lead in the surge. Second-line stocks also attracted good buying, indicating renewed support from retail investors.
“The optimism on the street was mainly due to sustained recovery in the global markets and positive momentum from the reform measures announced by the government recently,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex resumed strong with a wide upside gap of over 200 points in line with firm Asian cues. It later moved in a narrow range of over 100 points before ending at one-month high of 26,787.23, logging a rise of 211.58 points or 0.80 per cent.
Previously, it had closed at 27,206.74 on September 22, 2014. In straight four sessions, Sensex has gained 787.89 points or 3.03 per cent.
The broad-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also rallied by 68.15 points, or 0.86 per cent, to end at almost one-month high of 7,995.90. It touched an intra-day high of 8,005.00.
“We understand that the consumer buying has been good in the run-up to the festive season leading to buying of select stocks. Capital goods stocks also performed well as they responded to the government actions related to coal block auctions,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President-Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 32.40 crore on Tuesday.

Rupee ends at over one-week high of 61.27 vs US dollarforeign exchange market
Extending gains for the fourth straight day, Indian rupee on Wednesday closed four paise up at over one-week high of 61.27 against the Greenback, amid fag-end dollar demand that erased some gains for the local currency.
Fresh capital inflows and a rally in stocks helped the rupee rise. The dollar index was last trading almost stable against its major global rivals in overseas markets.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at the day’s high level of 61.15 from previous close of 61.31.
Later, rupee met with strong resistance and fell back to a low of 61.30 before concluding at 61.27, a rise of four paise or 0.07 per cent. In straight four sessions, rupee has gained 58 paise or 0.91 per cent.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday rallied by 212 points or 0.80 per cent to end at one-month high, extending gains to the fourth session in a row.
FIIs bought shares worth $ 18.85 million on Tuesday, as per SEBI data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, “Rupee continues to trade strong tracking the gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80.”

Krugman: We Should  Soak The Richreddit
Paul Krugman is on board with some other top economists who say that the U.S. should tax top earners up to 90 percent.
"What you really should want to do is to soak the rich as much as possible," Krugman said in an appearance on HuffPost Live Wednesday afternoon. "So the top tax rates should be whatever it is that collects the most revenue, and now the question is, how high is that?"
The Nobel Prize-winning economist was asked about a new working paper by economists Fabian Kindermann and Dirk Krueger, which found that a top marginal income tax rate of 85 to 90 percent would improve all Americans' wellbeing, reduce inequality and bring in more revenue for the government.
Krugman conceded that "soaking" the rich -- using a nickname for the Revenue Act of 1935 , which established a post-Depression wealth tax on top earners of up to 75 percent -- is "not going to happen" due to today's political climate.
Today, the top rate of 39.6 percent is paid on income above $406,750 for individuals and $457,600 for couples.
"Any increase in top tax rates is almost certainly a move in the right direction starting from here," Krugman said.
More:

Will markets continue their bull run post Diwaliwill markets continue their bull run post diwali
Previous Poll | Your Diwali shopping this year was-previous poll | your diwali shopping this year was-
NSEL scam crisis: Govt mulls Board changes for merged entityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Warning call: Here s why your mobile bills could riseTelcos warn of tariff hike after auction
Recommend
Link
1 month 14 days ago, ET NOW
Telecom companies say they may be forced to hike tariff rates after the upcoming spectrum auction as it is likely to push up their debt burden to Rs 3,00,000 crore from Rs 2,50,000 crore at present. Firms say they will have to pass on the increased cost of the debt burden on the end users.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 18 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Satyam case adjourned toOct 30Satyam case adjourned to Oct 30
Our Bureau
B Ramalinga Raju , former Chairman of Satyam Computers arriving at Metropolitan Criminal Court in Hyderabad on Monday . The judgment has once again been postponed. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Oct 27:  
The special court for Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday adjourned the multi-thousand crore Satyam Computer scam case to October 30, 2014.
The main accused and founder-chairman of Satyam, B Ramalinga Raju, and others accused who are on the bail, appeared before the judge.
The special court is expected to announce the date of final verdict in the case on October 30. Hearing in the five-and-a-half-year-old case was completed in June this year during which 216 witnesses were examined.
Raju had confessed in January 2009 fudging of books to inflate profit over the years. He was later arrested by the Andhra Pradesh Police after which the CBI had taken over the investigation.
He, along with his brother and company team, was charged with cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery, breach of trust and violation of various I-T laws, among others.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Editor s Pick: The Best Cricket PicsLATEST PHOTOS
Cricket Photos Of The Week 26.10.14
Mick Jagger plays around with the World Cup, Younis' masterstroke, Pakistan's crushing blow, Sreesanth in a new league and more.

HUL net profit rises 8% to Rs 988 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HUL net profit rises 8% to Rs 988 cr
Priyanka Pani
Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL (file photo)
Mumbai, Oct 27:  
Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) has reported an 8 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 988 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs 913 crore in the year ago period. It was impacted by the increase in the effective tax rate.
The net sales of the consumer goods major stood at Rs 7,465 crore in the same quarter, up by 9.6 per cent, as compared to Rs 6,747 crore last fiscal.
During the quarter, the domestic consumer business grew at 10 per cent ahead of market, with 5 per cent underlying volume growth.
The result was a tad below the street expectation which had forecast a 10-11 per cent sales growth and 9 per cent profit growth on the back of improved consumer sentiment.
Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL, said: “In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations have helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins. The consistency of our performance is a reflection of the discipline and rigour with which we are executing our strategy. We will continue to manage our business dynamically for sustained competitive and profitable growth.”
Segment-wise breakup
Soaps and detergents posted a double digit growth. In Laundry, the performance was led by the premium segment as Surf sustained its strong momentum and Rin growth further accelerated. Wheel growth continued to step-up since its re-launch at the end of last year.
Household Care growth was driven by Vim, with the liquids portfolio doing very well.
In Skin Care, Fair and Lovely and Pond’s delivered volume led double digit growth. Fair and Lovely continued to build momentum post its re-launch in SQ’13 while Pond’s growth was led by premium skin lightening and talc. The facial cleansing portfolio sustained high growth.
Hair Care registered another quarter of volume led double digit growth, driven by the robust performance of Dove and Clinic Plus. TRESemmé added a new Spa Rejuvenation variant and continued to make very good progress.
Oral Care had a subdued quarter largely due to a strong comparator arising from the re-launch of Pepsodent in the base quarter. Colour cosmetics delivered its tenth successive quarter of innovation led double digit growth with Lakme continuing to strengthen its position in premium make up through exciting and contemporary innovations.
The operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories. Brand investments were sustained at competitive levels across segments, albeit lower than an exceptionally high base quarter. The impact of input cost inflation continued to be felt this quarter through higher consumption costs although commodities softened towards the end of the quarter, the company said in a statement here.
The board of directors has declared an interim dividend of Rs 6.0 per equity share of face value Re. 1 each, for the year ended March 31, 2015.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

UCO Bank identifies Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulterUCO Bank identifies Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulter
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 16:01 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has identified Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) as a wilful defaulter and will be sending a notice to the defunct carrier.
"We have identified KFA as a wilful defaulter. We are in the process of sending a notice to the company in this regard," a source in the bank told PTI on Monday.
United Bank of India has already declared KFA a 'wilful defaulter' for defaulting a loan of Rs 350 crore. Other banks like State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank are also mulling this route.
Beside KFA, UCO Bank will also send a notice to the company which had furnished a corporate guarantee for availing a loan of around Rs 450 crore, the source said.
According to RBI guidelines, a wilful defaulter tag would be given if it is found that a loan taken is diverted for some other use rather than for which it was availed, as well as the default is made in spite of having the ability to repay it.

Brazilian President Re-ElectedBrazilian President Dilma Rousseff Re-Elected
Posted:
reddit
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has been re-elected to a second term to lead the world's fifth-largest nation.
Official results released Sunday by Brazil's top electoral court show that the left-leaning Rousseff beat opposition contender Aecio Neves.
With 98 percent of the vote counted, Rousseff had won 51.5 percent of the ballots. There are not enough outstanding votes left to be counted to allow her rival to catch up with her.
Rousseff's victory extends her Workers' Party rule, which has held the presidency since 2003.
During that time, they've enacted expansive social programs that have helped pull millions of Brazilians out of poverty and into the middle class
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below.
Official results show that Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been re-elected.
More:

Centre looks to invite bids for coal block auctions by December 15Centre looks to invite bids for coal block auctions by December 15
Pratim Ranjan Bose
Tweet
Kolkata, October 27:  
Union Coal Secretary SK Srivastava on Monday said the Government is committed to completing the auction of coal blocks “very soon”. He was talking to media persons in Kolkata.
Srivastava, who is scheduled to retire this month, refused to give any timeline for completion of the auction. However, sources told BusinessLine that the Government aims to invite bids by December 15. According to the schedule, auction methodologies should be completed by November 15. The nominated authority, to conduct the auction, may be appointed by November 30.
In a parallel move, the Government will complete the detailed valuation of assets, to fix floor prices for submission of bids. The auction is expected to be completed well within the Court determined window of March 31, 2015.
According to the Srivastava, the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014, has amended the requisite portions of the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, 1973 (CNM) to help ensure commercial mining of coal by State Government-run outfits.
In its order (in August and September), the Supreme Court cancelled blocks allotted to such outfits citing contradiction with the CNM Act.
“Now there is no difference between the Central government and State government outfits,” Srivastava said.
CIL to be a scapegoat?
Interestingly, the Ordinance does not offer any lifeline (like first right of refusal) to the captive mine operators who have invested heavily in suitable plant and machinery.
Srivastava said such options were avoided to ensure that the Government gets maximum value for resources while the allottees of such blocks have the option to get the mines back by outbidding others in the auction.
When asked if the Government will force Coal India to commit more supplies to captive users who do not get back the mines, Srivastava, without directly referring to linkages, said: “the problem (issuing more linkages than desired) cropped up due to various reasons both internal and external.”
He said the present Government is aiming at resolving issues.
Price pooling revived?
On the issue of how supply gap would be resolved, Srivastava did not have a ready answer. He also sidestepped questions on whether the Narendra Modi Government’s planned to revive the contentious issue of pooling the price of imported coal with domestic production of CIL.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Bank shares slide after ECB stress testsBank shares lose early gains after ECB stress tests
Martin Arnold and Sam Fleming in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d95d8d7e-5de7-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre names 3 black money account holders in affidavit to apex courtCentre names 3 black money account holders in affidavit to apex court
J Venkatesan
Congress, AAP ask Centre to reveal all the names
New Delhi, October 27:  
The names of three Indians — Dabur’s Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya and Goa-based mining baron Radha Satish Timblo of Timblo Private Ltd — were disclosed to the Supreme Court on Monday by the Centre for stashing illegal money abroad.
Besides naming Timblo Private Ltd, the company’s Directors Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo and Mallika R Timblo were also named in the affidavit ahead of the hearing on Tuesday in the black money case.
Questions raised
As the names came out, questions were being raised in political circles about the selective disclosure of identities. The Centre informed the Court that while these names were received from French tax authorities, other disclosures were based on information received by local tax authorities — names against whom prosecution had been launched under the provisions of the Income Tax Act.
“The Government is committed to disclose names of persons holding illegal money abroad. However, every account held by an Indian in a foreign country may not be illegal and the fundamental right of citizens to privacy under Article 21 of the Constitution cannot be ignored,” the Centre said.
It said only the names of those persons against whom prosecution had been launched could be disclosed.
Opposition reaction
Congress Spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi said the Government was sensationalising a serious issue. “After so much talk, just three names. Where are the lakhs and crores of money promised by the BJP during the campaign? Where are the 55,000 names of offenders promised by Baba Ramdev?” he asked.
“This is not an occasion for press sensationalism by the Government. Do not titillate and sensationalise on such an issue,” said Singhvi.
The Aam Aadmi Party asked the BJP Government to immediately disclose the names of all such account holders. “Why did the central government disclose only these three names? Does the rest of the list contain names of those who are close to the BJP?” asked AAP leaders Arvind Kejriwal and Prashanth Bhushan.
Maintaining confidentiality
On May 1, the apex court in its order had said: “Since the investigation is completed in the cases filed against those who had stashed money abroad, we direct the Union of India to furnish the documents and information which is kept in sealed covers to the petitioner Ram Jethmalani.”
The Government said that under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement, confidentiality had to be maintained and names of persons revealed by the German authorities could not be made public and should be used only for tax purposes. The court needed to consider whether international standards had been violated in its directing the disclosure of names. Otherwise India’s rating would be lowered, it said.
The Centre made it clear that the names of all the persons who had stashed illegal money abroad as also all the information/documents received from foreign countries relating to offshore tax evasion and avoidance would be disclosed after following procedures.
Explaining the efforts taken by the Government, the affidavit said a high-level delegation met its counterparts in Bern, Switzerland, on October 15 and Switzerland had indicated its willingness to provide information where investigations had been carried out by the Income-Tax Department independently from what the Swiss government considered stolen data.
“India is on the verge of entering into bilateral and multilateral agreements for automatic exchange of information that would greatly help in our fight against black money stashed in financial accounts and assets maintained overseas by Indian taxpayers,” the affidavit added.
It sought modification of the May 1 order so that only those names against whom investigation had been completed and prosecution launched should be disclosed.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Winter session of Parliament to begin from Nov 24Winter session of Parliament to begin from Nov 24
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 27:  
The Winter session of Parliament will start from November 24 and conclude on December 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
The Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh today recommended the dates to the President.
The month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for Private Members’ business.
About 67 bills — 59 in Rajya Sabha and eight in Lok Sabha — are pending and the government will push for passage of “at least 30 to 35” legislations, a senior minister said.
This will be the second major session since the Narendra Modi Government took over in May.
The long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in Lok Sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new House.
“We expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session,” said an official at Parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th Lok Sabha polls on May 16.
Average number of sittings in the past five winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, a source said.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister Anant Kumar and Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu are members of the committee.
HRD Minister Smriti Irani and Ministers of State for Parliamentary Affairs Prakash Javadekar and Santosh Gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Valeant set to sweeten bid for AllerganValeant willing to raise offer for Botox maker Allergan
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17fee7a8-5dd9-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stress tests fail to tackle deflation spectreOctober 27, 2014 7:23 pm
Bank stress tests fail to tackle deflation spectre
Martin Arnold and Sam Fleming in London and Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70e6a3ee-5dff-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GMOs Expose Dangerous Science Disconnect in Agriculturereddit
A contentious issue in the upcoming Colorado and Oregon GMO labeling referendums is the perceived safety of consuming genetically modified foods.
Question a representative of the National Corn Growers Association or the American Farm Bureau Federation about the safety of eating GMOs and you'll rightly be scolded about the scientific evidence that consuming those crops is as safe as any other.
These representatives of the American farm lobby wield enormous political clout with conservative and rural lawmakers. They also influence farmers' decisions. But, ironically, they are AWOL when it comes to publicly communicating the consensus on the science behind the single greatest threat to agriculture, which is human-induced climate change.
What's the result of this willful ignorance?
A U.S Department of Agriculture survey released this year revealed that a scant 7.8 percent of corn belt farmers believe that human activity causes climate change. Compare that to the fact that 93 percent of 2014's planted corn was genetically modified.
A huge gulf exists in farmer attitudes toward science. Growers clearly accept the scientific evidence that modified food is safe while rejecting the scientific evidence that climate change is real and caused by human activity. And this chasm is driven by simple economics. One finding makes farmers money, but the other doesn't -- yet.
Climate change is swiftly re-writing the rules for all of U.S agriculture. The havoc wrought by a warming atmosphere will have profound effects on our food and farm system. We need to enlist the entire U.S. agriculture sector if we hope to reduce emissions to tolerable levels and thrive in a changing climate.
That means the farm lobby and food activists need to both embrace science outside their ideological biases.
I'm no scientist, nor an active farmer. I am a prodigious consumer of both organic and genetically altered food and beverages, and I know it's not the GMO corn used to distill my extra glass of bourbon that will determine my long-term health. I've been a staunch defender of much of the sustainable food movement's central tenets, such as organics and local food. Our goal should be to use fewer chemicals and do as little harm to the environment as possible when growing what we eat.
I'm also lucky enough to own part of my family's fourth-generation South Dakota farm. GMO corn and soybeans dominate this remote part of the state because they make money. There is no local market. The ultimate goal of most farms -- including ours -- is to pass a viable operation on to the next generation.
Despite their prevalence, there is ample reason to question the deployment of GMO technology. They play a major role in nurturing a biodiversity-crushing monoculture, and one farmer's planting actions contaminating another's should be an issue of paramount importance to agriculture.
Yet in order to survive abrupt changes to our climate, American agriculture must transform itself into a fine-tuned, diverse and resilient web of organic and conventional farms that produce at a rate that continues to astonish the world.
It can be done. Companies are looking at ways to give farmers financial incentives to use less climate-damaging synthetic fertilizer. Some farmers are enrolling in carbon markets. And the recent federal farm bill provides a roadmap on how to reform policy and subsidies so they benefit farmers who do the right thing by water, habitat, soil and climate.
What's needed now, more than ever, is for good-food advocates and conventional agriculture to unify over the overarching issue of climate change. That won't happen as long we keep having this silly food fight over GMO safety.
Follow Donald Carr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/donpcarr
More:

Madison Square mulls breakup© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40427f5e-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP rivals attack govt on blackmoney issueE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM takes leaf from Batra book: Mahabharat genetics  Lord Ganesha surgeryPrint
Narendra Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:53 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:16 am
Seeming to take a page out of Dina Nath Batra’s book , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has linked medical science to mythology, citing “plastic surgery” and “genetic science” to explain the creation of Lord Ganesh and Karna respectively.
Also Read: Man who got Wendy Doniger pulped is made ‘must reading’ in Gujarat schools
Speaking at a function in Mumbai on Saturday, he said, “Medical science ki duniya mein hum garv kar sakte hain ki hamara desh kisi samay mein kya tha. Mahabharat mein Karna ki katha, hum sab Karna ke vishay mein Mahabharat mein padhte hain. Lekin kabhi humne thoda sa aur sochna shuru karen to dhyaan mein aayega ki Mahabharat ka kehna hai ki Karna maa ki god se paida nahi hua tha. Iska matlab ye hua ki us samay genetic science maujood tha. Tabhi to Karna, maa ki god ke bina, uska janma hua hoga. ( We can feel proud of what our country achieved in medical science at one point of time. We all read about Karna in Mahabharat. If we think a little more, we realise that Mahabharat says Karna was not born from his mother’s womb. This means that genetic science was present at that time. That is why Karna could be born outside his mother’s womb).”
According to the text of the speech posted on the PMO website, he  said, “Hum Ganeshji ki pooja karte hain. Koi to plastic surgeon hoga us zamaane mein jisne manushya ke shareer par haathi ka sar rakhkar ke plastic surgery ka prarambh kiya hoga.  (We worship Lord Ganesh. There must have been some plastic surgeon at that time who got an elephant’s head on the body of a human being and began the practice of plastic surgery).”
Stressing on the need to improve healthcare facilities, Modi said India had “capabilities” in several fields during ancient times. “There must be many areas in which our ancestors made big contributions. Some of these are well recognised. If we talk about space science, our ancestors had, at some point, displayed great strengths in space science. What people like Aryabhatt had said centuries ago are being recognised by science today. What I mean to say is that we are the country which had these capabilities. We need to regain these,” he said.
In his book, Tejomay Bharat, which was made compulsory reading in Gujarat schools, Batra, convenor of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, has said, “.America wants to take the credit for invention of stem cell research, but the truth is that India’s Dr Balkrishna Ganpat Matapurkar has already got a patent for regenerating body parts. You would be surprised to know that this research is not new and that Dr Matapurkar was inspired by the Mahabharata. Kunti had a bright son like continued…

Indian ADRs lower; MTNL  Tatat Motors dragIndian ADRs lower; MTNL  Tatat Motors drag
Modi govt scraps UPA s selection of 6 public sector bank CMDsModi govt scraps UPA s selection of 6 public sector bank CMDs
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares  dollar tread cautiously ahead of Fed meetingGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares  dollar tread cautiously ahead of Fed meeting
Sell DLF Ltd with a stop loss of 114: Ashwani GujralSell DLF Ltd with a stop loss of 114: Ashwani Gujral
Oil extends losses over weak price outlookOil extends losses over weak price outlook
Bills that are to come up this Parliament sessionBills that are to come up this Parliament session
Coal India in focus after CCI ordersCoal India in focus after CCI orders
Stocks in news: JSW Steel  Lupin  State Bank of MysoreStocks in news: JSW Steel  Lupin  State Bank of Mysore
Alleged black money a/c holder donated to BJP  Cong: ReportAlleged black money a/c holder donated to BJP  Cong: Report
Victoria Beckham named most successful entrepreneurE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Winter Session of Parliament to commence Nov 24Winter Session of Parliament to commence Nov 24, 67 bills up for discussion
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 14:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Winter session of Parliament will start from November 24 and conclude on December 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
The Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday recommended the dates to the President.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister Anant Kumar and Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu are members of the Committee.
HRD Minister Smriti Irani and Ministers of state for Parliamentary Affairs Prakash Javadekar and Santosh Gangwar are special invitees to the Committee.
The month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for Private Members' business.
" A total of 67 bills - 59 in Rajya Sabha and eight in Lok Sabha - are pending and the government will push for passage of at least 30 to 35 legislations," a senior minister said.
This will be the second major session since the Narendra Modi Government took over in May.
"The long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in Lok Sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new House. We expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session," said an official at Parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th Lok Sabha polls on May 16.
Average number of sittings in the past five Winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, source said.

Hindustan Unilever Q2 net profit rises 8.13%Hindustan Unilever reports 8.13% rise in Q2 profit, at Rs 988.16 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 15:56 IST
FMCG giant Hindustan Unilever (HUL) on Monday reported a 8.13 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 988.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The company has reported net profit of Rs 913.8 crore in the corresponding period of 2013-14, the company said in a BSE filing.
HUL's net sales during the quarter stood at Rs 7,465.54 crore, up 10.64 per cent compared to Rs 6,747.2 crore during the same period last year.
Overall expenses in Q2 stood at Rs 6,473.68 crore, as against Rs 5,871.25 crore in the year-ago period.
The HUL scrip was trading at Rs 736 apiece in the afternoon trade, down 2.89 per cent on the BSE.

Rupee snaps four-session rally  ends 3 paise downRupee snaps four-session rally, ends 3 paise down
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 18:41 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Indian rupee on Monday snapped a four-session rally and softened by three paise to end at 61.30 against the Greenback on dollar demand from oil importers amid weakness in local equities.
A better dollar overseas ahead of two-day monetary policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve starting on Tuesday and slowing capital inflows also weighed negatively on the market.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency resumed strong at 61.19 a dollar from last Wednesday's close of 61.27 and immediately touched a high of 61.18 following initial rally in local stocks.
Later, it met with strong resistance in line with fall in domestic equities amid fresh month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to day's low of 61.36 before settling at 61.30, a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
In the previous four trading sessions, the rupee had risen by 56 paise or 0.91 per cent. The Forex market was closed on October 23 and 24 on account of holidays.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, which was up by nearly 144 points in early stages, fell back and closed down by 98.15 points or 0.37 per cent. FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth Rs 12.38 crore last on Thursday as per provisional data.
The dollar index was up by a marginal 0.03 per cent against its six major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: "Monday Rupee opened on a strong note taking cues from local equities. As the day progressed, rupee lost his way and closed in red due to month end dollar buying pressure from oil marketing companies. The trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80."
"We believe that the Rupee could remain weak as importers could continue to purchase Dollars for the month-end payments for defense and oil imports," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections break Aamir Khan s  Dhoom 3  recordShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections push 'Dhoom 3' into No 2 spot
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
 

Malaysia s Anwar makes final appeal in sodomy casePUTRAJAYA, Malaysia, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 08:32 IST
Malaysia's Anwar makes final appeal in sodomy case
AP
Malaysia's opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim is surrounded by supporters and members of the media as he arrives at the Palace of Justice for his final appeal against a conviction for sodomy in Putrajaya on Tuesday. Photo: Reuters
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
Malaysia’s top court on Tuesday began hearing a final appeal filed by opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim against a sodomy conviction widely regarded as politically motivated.
Anwar was sentenced to five years in prison in March on charges of sodomizing a male aide in 2008 after the appeals court overturned an earlier acquittal.
Critics say the case is part of a campaign by Malaysia’s coalition government to silence its most potent threat.
“This trial is so unjust, said Anwar’s wife, Wan Azizah Wan Ismail outside the courtroom. “We hope and pray that justice will be served, not just for Anwar but for all Malaysians.”
Sodomy, even consensual, is a crime in Muslim-majority Malaysia and is punishable by up to 20 years in prison.
Anwar would also be banned from running for office for five years from the day he is released from jail.
A verdict is expected Wednesday.
Prime Minister Najib Razak’s political party has ruled Malaysia since independence in 1957 but faces declining support.
Anwar led a three-party alliance to unprecedented gains in 2008 elections and made further inroads in 2013 polls. Najib’s National Front coalition won with a slimmer majority and lost the popular vote to the opposition.
Anwar was previously imprisoned for six years after being ousted as deputy prime minister in 1998 on earlier charges of sodomizing his former family driver and abusing his power. He was freed in 2004 after Malaysia’s top court quashed that sodomy conviction.
“Malaysia’s sodomy law seems to exist chiefly to persecute Anwar Ibrahim,” said Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch. “This drawn-out political theatre has long been exposed as an attempt by the government to take Malaysia’s most senior opposition leader out of political contention.”
The U.S. government has expressed concerns about the legal moves against Anwar.

Express 5: Govt discloses 8 names in SC; Sheila Dikshits take on NarendraModiPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:36 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:45 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Black money case
The government on Monday disclosed in the Supreme Court eight more names against whom it has initiated prosecution under the Income Tax Act for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
2. Trilokpuri riots
A lane in Trilokpuri littered with bricks and broken glass, in New Delhi on Monday. (PRAVEEN KHANNA)
A former BJP MLA, Sunil Vaid, has been asked to clarify his role in connection with the riots which broke out in Trilokpuri, East Delhi, last week. Police sources said their investigations revealed that Vaid held a “closed door conference” with his supporters at his office on Friday morning, just before the violence escalated.
3. Sheila Dikshit on Modi
Sheila Dikshit
It is not a description that many in her own party may agree with. But Congress veteran, former Kerala Governor and ex-CM of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit, has revealed that when she met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in July, she “saw a confident man, with a vision” and “a new language”.
4. OPINION
PM Narendra Modi’s meeting with journalists is being termed Diwali Milan. (Source: PTI photo)
It is quite evident that the Indian electorate wants to give Prime Minister Narendra Modi a chance to fulfil the promises he has made and immense expectations he has created.
5. SPORTS
Varun Aaron sigjned for Durham county and will be available (Source:
For generations, Indian batsmen, battered and bruised by heavy shelling from the opposing pace barrage, have stood in the slips and fantasised about some day having a tearaway fast bowler on their side to give it back. One who could fight fire with fire on their behalf. One like Varun Aaron.

Are you in your forties Here s how to plan your investmentsTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Honda recalls over 2 300 cars to replace airbag inflatorUpdated: October 27, 2014 18:41 IST
Honda recalls over 2,300 cars to replace airbag inflator
N. Ravi Kumar
A file photo of Honda Brio.
TOPICS
cars
Honda Cars will carry out preventive replacement of driver side airbag inflator of 1,040 units of Brio, 1,235 units of Amaze and 63 units of CR-V manufactured between September 2011 and July 2014.
This is part of Honda’s global recall regarding a possible incorrect assembly of the baffle plate in the inflator,” according to a press release from Honda Cars India Ltd (HCIL).
The part replacement is part of a global exercise by Honda Motor Company to “ensure stringent quality standards for its products,” the release said.
The replacement will be carried out free of cost at HCIL dealerships across India. The owners will be contacted individually. Customers can check whether their car is covered under the campaign by submitting their 17 character alpha-numeric Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on a special microsite created on www.hondacarindia.com.
On the reasons for the replacement, the company said in case of certain vehicles, due to incorrect assembly of baffle plate, the pressure within the inflator may rise excessively when the driver side airbag deploys in an accident or other situation, causing damage to the container.
There has been no reporting of any incident related to this part in India, the release said.

Bilawal booed off  Kashmir Million March  stage in LondonBilawal Bhutto booed off 'Kashmir Million March' stage in London
By ANI | ANI –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
Karachi, Oct 27 (ANI): Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was forced to leave the stage at the "Million March" in London when protesters reportedly started throwing water bottles, tomatoes and eggs at the leader.
The Million March was organized on Sunday to demand a just and peaceful solution to the Kashmir issue and witnessed thousands of protesters rallying across central London in protest against India's human rights violations in Kashmir, reported The Express Tribune.
However, protesters objected to Bhutto's presence and also chanted 'Go Bilawal Go' and 'Go Nawaz Go' as he attempted to take the stage.
The report said that Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan's nephew, Hassan Niazi, was also involved in the controversy and was detained by the UK police after the incident, according to a tweet posted from his official account.
Following the incident, the PPP Chairman's sister, Aseefa Bhutto Zardari, tweeted that her brother is safe and alleged that Indian agents tried to stop him from speaking but they did not succeed. (ANI)
Recommend

Srisailam power generation: A tricky inter-state issueSrisailam power generation: A tricky inter-state issue
V.Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 24:  
The power generation at major hydel reservoirs of Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar on the Krishna river has taken political twist between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, with accusations of depriving their rightful share of water and power.
With Telengana Government taking a firm stand on generating power in spite of objections by AP, the latter has knocked at the Krishna River Water Management Board to intervene and resolve the issue.
According to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, the generation of power at the Srisailam would drain out water from the reservoir as it is necessary to maintain water level at a minimum draw down level to supply drinking water to the Rayalaseema region by Andhra Pradesh.
Telangana Irrigation Minister has stated that AP has used up more than 60 tmc of water from Srisailm and is now seeking to deny their rightful use of water including power generation.
But for Telangana, lack of power generation from Srisailam is seen to impact the farm sector operation, now at advanced Kharif season. The power supply is used to energise pumpsets.
The growing strain between the two states on the power generation leading to loss of water, with far reaching impact on drinking water and also on supply of power, has lead to protests by leaders from both the States. While members have been agitating in AP over power generation, leaders in Telangana have voiced concern accusing AP of denying them their rightful share.
The trouble started after the Hudhud cyclone resulted in lower power generation and supply to Telangana, already faced with severe demand-supply mismatch, where industries are subjected to two-day power holiday per week and domestic consumers face huge power cuts.
At the Srisailam dam, hydel power units located on either side of the bank of 770 mw and 900 mw are shared by the two States. With the water level gradually coming down to 858 feet due to power generation, as against full reservoir level of 885 ft, AP raised alarm bells, leading to stoppage of power generation located in their units.
This was opposed by Telangana as it felt that AP was doing this deliberately and has also asked them to stop generation. In fact, AP has called upon Telangana to stop generation from their units too.
As per the arrangements and earlier Government orders, priority would be accorded to drinking water, followed by irrigation and then power generation. Earlier this year, it was agreed by both the States to adhere to earlier orders in terms of water release and power generation.
With Telangana firm on power generation from the Srisailam Left Bank Canal, a regional issue before AP’s division has now become a tricky Inter-State political issue needing the Board’s intervention.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Bharti Infratel profit rises 68%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Using cash & pressure  China builds chip industryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt revises head-hunting procedure for state-run banksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections push  Dhoom 3  to second bestShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections push 'Dhoom 3' into No 2 spot
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
Oct 29 2014, 09:32  IST
 

Indias gender gap rank worse than last yearNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 00:58 IST
It will take 81 years for gender parity at workplace, says WEF report
Special Correspondent
The Hindu
Gender gap: India scores below average on parameters like economic participation, educational attainment and health and survival.
It ranks 114 out of 142 countries in World Economic Forum’s 2014 gender gap index
India, which ranks low on narrowing the gender gap in education, health and equal pay for equal work, has, however, taken a high position on the political empowerment sub-index, shows the annual gender survey of the World Economic Forum.
Placing India at 114 out of 142 countries vis-à-vis removing gender-based disparities, the survey puts the country at number 15 on the scorecard for political empowerment. India also tops the list of countries on the years with woman head of state (over the past 50 years). While it fell 13 places to 114th slot, politically it is ranked higher than the United States and the United Kingdom. It ranks 111 on the list of countries which have women in Parliament and 107 on the list of countries with women ministers.
“India experienced a drop [in absolute and relative value] on the health and survival sub-index compared with 2006, mainly due to a decrease in the female-to-male sex ratio at birth. In 2014, it also performed below average on the Economic Participation and Opportunity and Educational Attainment sub-indexes,” the report says.
On economic participation and opportunity, India ranks 134, while on educational attainment it ranks 126. But on the health and survival parameter India’s rank is among the lowest at 142.
Owing to its low sex ratio at birth India slumps to 114th position overall, which makes it the lowest-ranked BRICS nation and one of the few countries where female labour force participation is shrinking, the report states.
Pointing out that it will take 81 years for gender parity at the workplace, the report shows Nordic nations dominate the Global Gender Gap Index in 2014; Nicaragua, Rwanda and the Philippines all make the top 10.
The index was first introduced by the World Economic Forum in 2006 as a framework for capturing the magnitude of gender-based disparities and tracking their progress. The index benchmarks national gender gaps on economic, political, education and health criteria.
The report says on average, in 2014, over 96 per cent of the gap in health outcomes, 94 per cent of the gap in educational attainment, 60 per cent of the gap in economic participation and 21 per cent of the gap in political empowerment has been closed. No country in the world has achieved gender equality.
RELATED NEWS

SBI and its associate banks in demandSBI and its associate banks in demand
Brazil s re-elected leader Dilma Rousseff faces divided houseBrazil s re-elected leader Dilma Rousseff faces divided house
Short Sales and Foreclosure Sales Account for 13 Percent of All Sales in Third Quarter  Lowest Level Since Q1 2011Short Sales and Foreclosure Sales Account for 13 Percent of All Sales in Third Quarter  Lowest Level Since Q1 2011
Thomas Cook arm completes acquisition of Brainhunter SystemsThomas Cook arm completes acquisition of Brainhunter Systems
L&T bags order worth Rs2989 crores...stock flatL&T bags order worth Rs2989 crores...stock flat
Sensex trades 90 points higher; Gail India  ICICI Bank gainSensex trades 90 points higher; Gail India  ICICI Bank gain
Why OPEC s losing its ability to set oil pricesWhy OPEC s losing its ability to set oil prices
Rupee down 6 paise vs dollarRupee down 6 paise vs dollar
Rupee slips in early tradeRupee closes lower at 61.33 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
The rupee ended marginally weaker at 61.33 per dollar against the previous close of 61.31 amid a higher closing in domestic equity market.
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, the benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent.
Suresh Nair, Director Admisi Forex said, "The Rupee depreciated against the Dollar on Tuesday as state-run banks continue to purchase Dollars for domestic oil importers. However, the Rupee fall was limited on speculation that RBI could ease policy rate if upcoming data is favourable.”
According to dealers, investors are likely to adopt a wait and watch mode ahead of the US central bank’s bond purchase decision.
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended lower at 7 per against the previous close of 8.25 per cent.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, softened to 8.30 per cent from the previous close of 8.31 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs. 100.58 from Rs. 100.53.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

SoftBank to buy $627 mn stake in SnapdealSnapdeal raises $627 mn from SoftBank
Priyanka Pani
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion in July.
Japanese company is now lead investor in Snapdeal
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Online marketplace Snapdeal has raised $627 million in its latest round from Softbank, the company said in a statement.
Through this strategic investment and partnership with Snapdeal, the SoftBank Group aims to further strengthen its presence in India and leverage synergies with its network of Internet companies around the world.
Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp. said, “Since SoftBank’s foundation, our mission has been to contribute to people’s lives through the Information Revolution. We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market.”
Kunal Bahl, Co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, said, “Our entire team at Snapdeal is thrilled and honoured to have SoftBank as a strategic partner. With the support of Son-san and Nikesh [Nikesh Arora, Vice Chairman of SoftBank], we are confident we will further strengthen our promise to consumers and create life changing experiences for 1 million small businesses in India.”
Arora will be joining the board of Snapdeal as part of this strategic investment by the SoftBank Group.
Morrison & Foerster LLP acted as legal advisor to SoftBank, with Kochhar & Co. advising SoftBank on India law matters.
SoftBank invests in Ola, too
Funds raised so far this year
Snapdeal.com, alone this year, has raised up to $1 billion. With this funding, Softbank is now the leading investor in Snapdeal.com. This is the largest investment made by a single investor in an e-commerce company in India. Other existing investors have also participated in this round with a significant undisclosed investment.
Earlier this year, the company raised $133.77 million (February 2014) as a result of a round led by eBay and $105 million (May 2014) as result of a financial round which saw participation from institutional investors - Temasek, Myriad, Tybourne, Blackrock Inc. and Premji Invest. Ratan Tata, Chairman Emeritus, Tata Sons, also made a personal investment into the company.
"These investments stand testimony to confidence displayed by investors in the company’s pure marketplace model and are in line with Snapdeal.com’s growth strategy and vision to create life changing experiences for 1 million businesses in India," the company added.
In order to further the tremendous growth Snapdeal.com has seen so far, the company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management.
Innovation centres
To strengthen its Technology efforts, the company will open innovation centres across the country. After Delhi, it has already opened its second innovation centre in Bangalore and plans to open innovation centres in cities like Hyderabad and Pune. The company will also double its technology team size to 1,000 by the end of the current financial year. To strengthen its Supply Chain efforts, the company also looks to expand its fulfilment centres to 30 cities. It currently has 40 fulfilment centres in 15 cities. With the vision to enable SMBs in India to do business online, Snapdeal.com aims to expand its merchant base to 1 million in the next 3 years. The setting up of fulfilment centres is in line with the same as it will not only enrich the shopping experience for buyers but will also further enable SMBs that do not have the necessary resources to handle deliveries at their end.
Further, Snapdeal.com will look to make 3-4 strategic acquisitions in the coming few months specifically in the area of mobile technology. With mobile commerce fast gaining pace in the country, Snapdeal.com within the next 6 months, will also set up an incubation centre to hone and harness start-up businesses in the mobile technology space.
Snapdeal was founded in February 2010 by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The company witnessed phenomenal growth in 2013-14, growing 600 per cent from 2013 to 2014.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex up 70 points in early tradeSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Realty body seeks greater tax clarity for REITs  InvITsRealty body seeks greater tax clarity for REITs, InvITs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 16, 2014  | 18:08 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Real estate industry body Asia Pacific Real Estate Association (APREA) has sought greater clarity on taxation issues for the newly created investment vehicles Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs).
The APREA applauded market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for issuing final regulations on REITs and InvITs but said that tax clarity for the investment vehicles was a critical issue.
"A significant stumbling block remains the tax treatment of REITs and InvITs," APREA CEO Peter Verwer said.
Through these trusts investors put funds in products linked to real estate and infrastructure projects.
Under the new guidelines for both trusts, the minimum initial offer size should be Rs 250 crore with a public float of at least 25 per cent.
The minimum asset base for these trusts to get listed is Rs 500 crore.
To ensure transparency, these trusts would be subject to stringent norms on disclosure as well as related party transactions.
Verwer said, "Several companies are keen to utilise the benefits of a public real estate platform, including access to competitively priced capital, liquidity, rights issues and placements.
By attracting more funds to India's infrastructure and real estate sectors, REITs and InvIT's can spur economic development, create more jobs and generate retirement nest eggs for India's citizens."
The new norms for listing of business trust structures, REITs and InvITs, were notified by the capital market regulator in September in order to attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors.

Black money case: Govt reveals three names to SCPrint
NEW DELHI: The central government on Monday disclosed to the Supreme Court the names of three black money account holders.
According to CNN IBN report, the names disclosed are former Dabur Executive Director Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based businessman Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya and Goa-based miner Radha S Timblo.
The names were included in an affidavit filed by the government in the apex court.  No politician was named by the government in its initial list of the black money account holders.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party had promised to bring back black money stashed abroad illegally by Indian businessmen and politicians if the party was voted to power.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had earlier rubbished allegations by opposition parties that BJP was reluctant in revealing names of people having black money stashed abroad and said that Congress party would be embarrassed if names of people having accounts abroad were released.
The Centre had last week told the Supreme Court that it cannot disclose the names of all those having black money stashed abroad as it violated the double taxation avoidance agreement. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Pradip Burman s foreign bank account is legal: DaburPradip Burman's foreign bank account is legal, says Dabur
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 17:44 IST
Photo: Reuters
Pradip Burman's foreign bank account was "opened when he was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account", Dabur India said on Monday in an official statement. Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Lodhya, who was also named by the government in Supreme Court having black money account, has denied having an account in Swiss Bank.
Pradip Burman is a member of the promoter family of Dabur India.
"The Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels. We wish to state that this account was opened when he was an NRI and was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable. Therefore, it is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush," the official statement said.
Pradip Burman was once a wholetime director of Dabur India but he does not hold any executive position in the company now.
Dabur India is a 130-year-old fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) company that started its journey from erstwhile Calcutta and has around 200 plus products in its portfolio.
Meanwhile, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Lodhya, who has been named by the Centre in an affidavit filed before the Supreme Court in the black money case, denied having a foreign bank account and said he was shocked to find his name in the list.
"I have no account in the Swiss bank. I have no foreign bank account. I came to know about this from media, I am shocked," Lodhya told reporters in Rajkot.
"I have declared all my wealth before the Income Tax department," he said.
Replying to a question on his future course of action, Lodhya said, "We will cooperate with all the authorities and legal procedure will be followed by us."
Lodhya is the owner of city-based Shreeji Trading Company, which is involved in bullion trading. It has business links in all major cities of the country for gold trading.
The firm offers wholesale delivery of bullion to domestic users like ornament manufacturers, goldsmiths, jewellers and semi-wholesalers.
The group, established 15 years back, has branch networks in Ahmedabad, New Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore, its website said.
It has two subsidiaries - Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd and Shreeji Realty.
Lodhya's firm also started a spot precious metal online trading system called Shreeji Spot in 2008.
The central government on Monday disclosed names of three people,  including Pradeep Burman, who are holding bank accounts in foreign  countries and are now under the lens of Income Tax authorities.
(With PTI inputs)

Nokia 130 launched in India by Microsoft Devices  price set at Rs 1 649E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Banks adjust digital vision for tech-nos© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68e9c056-1d66-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Travel insurance rates may remain stable this year as rupee volatility easesTravel insurance rates may remain stable this year as rupee volatility eases
Deepa Nair
Tweet
PTI Risky proposition Indians purchase insurance more for overseas travel than domestic travel.
Last year, a volatile rupee had prompted insurers to ask IRDA to link travel insurance to exchange rate fluctuations
Mumbai, October 27:  
Travellers will not feel the pinch of rising travel insurance premiums this year, thanks to the stability of the rupee, which has ensured that insurers maintain the current rates.
The claims for outbound travel insurance are paid out by general insurance companies in foreign currency, while they usually collect the premium in rupees.
A senior official of a public sector general insurance company said that since the rupee has stabilised at 60-61 to the dollar over the last six months, general insurers would be able to maintain the current premium rates.
Last year, faced with volatile rupee movements, general insurers had asked the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority to link travel insurance to the exchange rate fluctuation in the currency.
According to a recent study by ICICI Lombard, despite an increase in the number of Indians travelling for leisure and business in the international and domestic circuits, purchase of travel insurance, especially for trips to Asian countries and in the domestic sector, remains very low.
The survey results showed that while taking leisure trips, Indians purchase insurance more for overseas travel (38 per cent) than domestic travel (4 per cent).
Medical claims account for a major proportion of travel-related claims. However, those travelling un-insured could be doing so at their own peril: for instance, hospitalisation for a day in the US could cost up to $10,000.
According to Sanjay Datta, Chief, Underwriting and Claims, ICICI Lombard, “It is important that Indian travellers realise the criticality of taking travel insurance for covering unforeseen risks pertaining to medical emergencies, and tour-related mishaps such as baggage loss.”
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

BSNL workers union denounces TRAI proposal on spectrumBSNL workers’ union ‘denounces’ TRAI proposal on spectrum
Our Bureau
“Recommendation of TRAI asking BSNL to surrender 1.2 MHz in 900 MHz band is denounced and condemned by this association.”
New Delhi, October 27:  
The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd employees’ union has raised concerns over telecom regulator TRAI’s recent proposal on spectrum saying that it favoured private telecom companies.
The Sanchar Nigam Executive Association (SNEA), in a letter to Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, has said that TRAI’s recommendation asking BSNL to surrender 1.2 MHz of spectrum in the premium 900 MHz band was contrary to the company’s interest.
“The recommendation of TRAI asking BSNL to surrender 1.2 MHz in the 900 MHz band is denounced and condemned by this association. We are confident that policy-makers and owners of country’s prestigious and strategic telecom company will not allow the last nail in the coffin of BSNL.
“BSNL has to grow at any cost and its growth is extremely critical from a largely national perspective,” the SNEA said in the letter.
The 900 MHz spectrum band is more efficient and cost effective than the 1800 MHz band. Spectrum in the 900 MHz band was allocated to operators who took licences before 2000 for 20 years. Some of these licences are up for renewal this year. But the Government has taken a decision that there will be no automatic renewal and operators will have to buy back the spectrum through the auction route. The problem is that in the 900 MHz band, only the spectrum held by the incumbent players is available for the auction.
This puts immense pressure on operators as they will have to win back this spectrum to ensure business continuity. BSNL, being a state-run operator, has been exempted from giving up its spectrum in the 900 MHz band but TRAI has proposed to take back 1.2 MHz spectrum in the 900 MHz band in order to ensure that there is enough spectrum in the auction pool.
BSNL employees feel this will make it difficult for the company to operate. “This will leave BSNL without sufficient premium 900 MHZ band spectrum for its own operations and services,” VAN Nambodiri, President of the BSNL Employees Union, wrote in a blog post.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Manufacturers mull separate lines for virtual and real world shoppersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sena tries to mend fences with BJPUpdated: November 12, 2014 11:30 IST
Sena tries to mend fences with BJP
Alok Deshpande
Tweet
PTI
BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis celebrates with supporters after the party's victory in the Maharashtra Assembly polls, in Mumbai. File photo
TOPICS
government
In a move to mend differences with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Shiv Sena on Monday announced that it will support any leader from the BJP who will be given the task to lead the state. The party even toned down its aggressive stand against the division of Maharashtra, which is said to be on the BJP’s agenda.
“The people’s blessings cannot to be confined within limits. Shiv Sena will stand with absolute force and courage with whoever is given the chance to ride the chariot to take Maharashtra forward,” said an editorial in party mouthpiece Saamna.
Following the Maharashtra state assembly results, the Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said that his party will extend support to the BJP only after the assurance of united Maharashtra. The Sena is against the division of the state by forming a new statehood of Vidarbha. The state BJP leadership however is in favour of a new state.
Sena’s changed position comes in response to the statement of Senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde on Sunday, where he said that the BJP wanted a tie-up with the Sena, but without any condition. There is growing frustration within the Shiv Sena which has been kept on hold by the BJP ever since the election results. With the meeting to select the BJP’s chief ministerial candidate to be held on Tuesday, the Sena seem to be putting its last effort to woo the BJP leadership.
The editorial however reiterated the party’s stand on united Maharashtra, but in a mild manner. “Maharashtra should not divide itself over the differences of castes, sub-castes and region. It should remain united. At some point of time, the BJP’s Chief Minister will have to work for the united state, keeping the political position aside,” said the editorial.
“Maharashtra has kept its pride intact since Chhatrapati Shivaji’s time. It would be great if new rulers too follow the same path,” it said.
Recounting the names of several contenders within the BJP for the CM’s post, the editorial said that the ultimate decision lies with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP President Amit Shah. “The BJP won more seats because of Modi and Shah,” it said. Claiming that the Sena never differentiated between Hindus on the basis of region, the editorial hinted that certain community voted only for a particular party. “However BJP’s win is better than the win of the Congress and the NCP.
The editorial added that attempts are made to defame the Sena by spreading false news items. “Do not test our patience. Your joy of doing such things will not last longer,” it said.
FAQ on the BJP-Sena split
Maharashtra went to the polls on October 15, 2014. For the first time in two decades, it witnessed a five-cornered contest as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year alliance (and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress their 15-year coalition) and with Maharashtra Navanirman Sena also being in the fray. On October 19 the results of the Maharashtra bypolls were announced and the BJP won in a simple majority with 123 seats while the Shiv Sena won 63.
What led to the BJP-Sena split?
The main reason for the split was the failure to reach a consensus over seat-sharing for the Assembly elections. While the BJP demanded at least 130 seats, Shiv Sena refused to give its ally more than 119. Earlier, Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray expressed his desire for the Chief Minister’s post, which the BJP refused to accept.
What’s the status quo?
On October 27th, the Shiv Sena announced that it will support any CM candidate from the BJP. Even as a section of the BJP State unit continues to lobby for a minority government in Maharashtra with the help of Independents, the party announced that it wanted a tie-up with its estranged ally, the Shiv Sena. However, this announcement came with the rider that the Sena should come on board without any conditions.
How did the parties come together in Maharashtra 25 years ago?
The BJP and Shiv Sena came together to forge an alliance in Maharashtra in 1989. Shiv Sena had always had the upper hand among the two parties in the State, with major share of the seats going to the Sena. The Sena came to power in 1995, and stayed in power for a term. Though they were out of the hot seat for the last 15 years, together they were strong as the opposition party. Shiv Sena was part of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). However, the relationship has faced many ups and downs over the years. After Bal Thackeray’s death in 2012, former BJP president Nitin Gadkari was against continuing the alliance with the Sena’s new chief Uddhav Thackeray.

Khattar vows to review  if needed undo  Hooda govts late decisionsManohar Lal Khattar.(Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:46 am
Haryana’s new chief minister, Manohar Lal Khattar, said today his cabinet has decided to review many of the decisions taken by the previous Congress government towards the end of its term.
“Whichever policies and decisions are found to be in public interest will continue to be implemented, the rest will be scrapped,” Khattar told the media after chairing a meeting of the newly formed cabinet here today.
The cabinet has also decided to put all ongoing recruitments and appointments on hold for the time being and “reexamine” all appointments and recruitments made by the previous government after May 16, 2014.
This means the appointment of officers perceived as close to former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to coveted posts, such as Right to Information Commissioner, Right to Service Commissioner and Food Commission member, will come under the scanner. So will that of officers who were re-employed by the Hooda government in the last five months.
“All appointments in which the officers were re-employed before their retirement or in violation of any rules will also be reviewed and, if found irregular, reversed,” Khattar added. “I have sought a list of such re-employments to take further action in the next cabinet meeting.”
All last-minute decisions by the Hooda government, which include implementation of state pay scales at par with the Punjab government and increasing old age pension, will be reviewed, the CM said. The government had announced implementation of both these decisions from November 1.
On alleged land scams during Hooda’s tenure, including the Robert Vadra-DLF land deals, Khattar said, “We will not indulge in vendetta politics. However, complaints will be probed and the law will take its course.”
During an interaction with the media, Khattar also announced that the Vidhan Sabha session will begin on November 3.
Khattar arrived at the media briefing at the scheduled time of 12.15 pm. After discussing the cabinet decisions and replying to a couple of questions from journalists, Khattar left in nine minutes. He left for New Delhi in the evening.
No announcement on ministers’ portfolios was made today. Khattar is expected to first discuss the portfolios with the BJP leadership.
“The priority of the state government is to implement the agenda for the welfare of people of the state. The cabinet has also decided to review complaints on paddy procurement and action will be taken at the next cabinet meeting,” Khattar said.

RSS news service launched in more regional languagesPrint
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:26 am
In a bid to make the most of the BJP’s emergence at the Centre and in states, the RSS has expanded its publicity machinery by launching its news service, Hindusthan Samachar, in almost 10 more languages. Significantly, the service, launched by RSS leader S S Apte in 1948, is being expanded keeping in mind the states where BJP wants to expand its footprint. The new languages include Malayalam, Bengali and Assamese.
“We have decided to expand keeping in view the new scenario, in which India as a nation has become stronger (since the NDA came to power at the Centre),” said Lakshmi Narayan Bhala, patron, Hindusthan Samachar.
According to sources, it also intends to start a separate branch to provide video footage to electronic media.
Bhala said the news service, which is entirely web-based, is now available in English, Hindi, Marathi, Bengali, Gujarati, Assamese, Malayalam, Kannada, Punjabi, Sindhi and Nepali. “We publish some items in Sanskrit, too,” he said. The service would soon be available in Telugu, Urdu and Oriya as well.
“The agency will provide all kinds of news — on politics, economics, crime, films, sports and other events…We will try to give maximum coverage to all events in these fields,” Bhala said. The agency, which has 300 newspapers as subscribers, has 150 regular employees and 500 stringers.
Bhala says the funds to run the service come from the subscription fee.
While Doordarshan and All India Radio already subscribe to the service, other government offices and agencies are expected to follow suit. According to its website, the Bihar government started subscribing to the Hindusthan Samachar in 1951, the Nepal Radio in 1953, DD in 1964 and AIR in 1968. The news service was closed in 1975 during the Emergency. It was restored after the Emergency, but stopped functioning in 1986 “due to unavoidable reasons”, says Bhala. It was resumed again in 2001.
Bhala conceded that the recent expansion is linked to the BJP’s electoral victories. “Ideologically we (the RSS and the BJP) are on the same platform. But we do not take it for granted because they have to speak in a political language,” he said. The choice of languages is significant since the BJP has declared its plan to try and come to power in West Bengal, Assam and Kerala.

Govt should refrain from  political titillation  on blackmoney: CongressStop 'titillation' on black money, name 55,000 culprits you talked about: Congress tells Modi govt
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 13:42  IST
Oct 28 2014, 13:42  IST
 

Jubilant Foodworks Falls Ahead of EarningsJubilant Foodworks Falls Ahead of Earnings
Sensex holds 26 800; ICICI Bank  SBI up over 1%Sensex holds 26 800; ICICI Bank  SBI up over 1%
Sensex  Nifty firm; SBI subsidiaries rally on SBM Q2 nosSensex  Nifty firm; SBI subsidiaries rally on SBM Q2 nos
Hong Kong: Behind the umbrellas  the story of the uprisingHong Kong: Behind the umbrellas  the story of the uprising
Indiabulls Housing jumps over 2% after Q2 resultsIndiabulls Housing jumps over 2% after Q2 results
SoftBank investing $627M in SnapdealSoftBank investing $627M in Snapdeal
COLUMN-Why some Asian refiners want higher crude prices  for now: RussellCOLUMN-Why some Asian refiners want higher crude prices  for now: Russell
BJP furious over Shiv Sena invoking Narendra Modi s father in tussle  set to go solo in MahaHi Guest
BJP furious over Shiv Sena invoking Narendra Modi's father in tussle, set to go solo in Maha
The Shiv Sena is unlikely to find a place in the new Bharatiya Janata Party-led (BJP) government in Maharashtra that is expected to be sworn in on October 31 here, according to a senior BJP leader.     "There is no chance of the Shiv Sena being part ...

Equity NAVs end mixed as markets end flat on profit bookingEquity NAVs end mixed as markets end flat on profit booking
Iron ore slides to five-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c25c552-3905-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://twitter.com/jeffe...http://twitter.com/jeffe...
Insurers unready for climate change© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/775e5d40-5a10-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU agrees target to cut gas emissionsEU agrees target to cut gas emissions
Christian Oliver and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/490885ec-5b14-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP leader Manohar Lal Khattar sworn-in as Haryana CMpicture  others
BJP leader Manohar Lal Khattar sworn-in as Haryana CM
BJP supporters attending the swearing-in ceremony are seen hanging their clothes on trees due to a ban on wearing black attire inside the venue. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A BJP supporter takes off his black t-shirt before entering the venue. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A policeman seen frisking a man before allowing him inside the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Police confiscate match boxes, beedi packets outside the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Supporters seen smoking outside the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Haryana Police seen performing checks on roads leading up to the venue.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Roads decked with flexiboards welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A policeman seen recording using a handy-camera. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
BJP workers at the swearing-in ceremony.  (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Manohar Lal Khattar, Karnal MLA, after sworn-in as BJP’s first ever Chief Minister of Haryana in a grand ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar along with his ministers (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar greets senior BJP leader L K Advani. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar and state Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki at the swearing-in ceremony.(Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at Khattar's swearing-in ceremony. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
PM Narendra Modi waves at the crowd gathered for Khattar's swearing-in ceremony. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj at the swearing-in ceremony. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Newly sworn-in ministers greet PM Modi. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
PM Modi in conversation with BJP chief Amit Shah. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
BJP leaders LK Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh, and Venkaiah Naidu were present at the swearing-in ceremony.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
A large number of RSS and other religious leaders also attended the occasion. (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh waves at the crowd.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Navjot Singh Sidhu talks to Amit Shah.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Punjab Chief Minister Prakash SIngh Badal shakes hands. Also seen are Gujarat CM Anadiben Patel and Union Minister Maneka Gandhi.  (Express photo by  Jaipal Singh)
Related

Die Linke set to take power in ThuringiaDie Linke set to take power in Thuringia
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48cebbba-5cfd-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Best loan offers from private and public sector lendersStory
Best loan buys
Are you scouting for a loan to buy a house, a car or for your child's education? Given below are the best deals on offer from public and private sector lenders.
Team Money Today        Edition: October 2014
Photo: Reuters
Are you scouting for a loan to buy a house, a car or for your child's education? Given below are the best deals on offer from public and private sector lenders.
Best Loan Buys

Shiv Sena relents  to back BJP s CM choice in MaharashtraEYE BROWSE
Shiv Sena to back BJP's CM choice in Maharashtra
The party in its mouthpiece said it will back any chief minister of the BJP's choice without any objection.
Yahoo India –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
MUMBAI: Shiv Sena on Monday said in its mouthpiece 'Saamna' they will support the Bharatiya Janata Party to form government in Maharashtra without objecting to the latter's choice of chief minister, CNN IBN reports.
The editorial column ended the uncertainty over the possibility of alliance between the two estranged parties to form the state government.
The editorial said, "Whoever is made the CM of Maharshtra - Nitin Gadkari or Devendra Fadnavis - Shiv Sena will support the leader who takes the state forward."
The editorial added Sena wants the state to have 'Shiv Rajya' with an inspiration leader at the helm.
Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut was quoted by CNN IBN as saying, "Shiv Sena will back BJP. Talks are on with BJP for us to be part of this government. If Shiv Sena and BJP come together it will be a stable government."
Sena said it will introspect over its failure to form government on its own in Maharashtra.
According to India Today, the party said in Saamna, "Be it Gujaratis, Sindhis or north Indians - we stood by all Hindus. But voting was done as per specific 'samaj'. We will do 'chintan' on that."
The BJP Legislature Party will meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to elect its leader.
The swearing-in ceremony of the next chief minister of Maharashtra is likely to take place on Thursday at the Wankhede stadium.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday hosted a tea party for the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Members of Parliament (MPs) at his official 7, Race Course Road (RCR) residence here.
The tea party took place just days after the BJP's splendid performance in the assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra. It was also seen as an attempt by the BJP to reach out to ally Shiv Sena for the formation of the state government in Maharashtra. Shiv Sena supremo Uddhav Thackeray was, however, not present at the tea party.
The BJP and Shiv Sena broke their 25-year old alliance ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly polls over seats sharing.
The BJP has emerged as the single-largest party in Maharashtra winning 122 of the 288 seats. The Shiv Sena finished second with 63 seats. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Watch what happens when these people litter the streetswatch what happens when these people litter the streets
Taking off the stabilisers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cca0aaa2-4e02-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore moves towards the Smart Nation goalSingapore moves towards the Smart Nation goal
Parimala S Rao
KP Unnikrishnan, Marketing Director (Asia-Pacific and Japan), Palo Alto Networks
Cyber network being established to improve surveillance and physical infrastructure
October 27, 2014:  
The Singapore Government announced last week that a Cyber Security Research Centre would be set up to protect the systems being put in place to turn Singapore into a smart nation. The Smart Nation Platform will be developed in stages, with the first phase focusing on connectivity and sensor aspects expected to be available by 2015.
The country’s Infocomm Development Authority (IDA) plans to install up to 1,000 sensors across Singapore by the end of next year.
Integral to various Government projects, the sensors will also enable increased surveillance in certain areas and better monitor the risk of floods in the Singapore River, which has earlier faced frequent flooding during high tides. The sensor system is expected to lead to substantial savings across departments as the infrastructure cost is to be shared by various agencies.
This kind of inter-agency collaboration and synergy exemplify what KP Unnikrishnan, Marketing Director (Asia-Pacific and Japan), Palo Alto Networks, calls the Singapore Government’s 360-degree approach to excellence.
When the Government builds a vision, he said, the people are consulted and taken on board. Continuous conversations take place between planners, several agencies and citizens, whose feedback is incorporated into the final policy framework. Thus it becomes easier for the people to align their work ethic and personal attitudes to the Government’s vision.
Role of Analytics
In an informal meeting with media persons from India, Unnikrishnan said Singapore’s smart nation initiative will complement the city-state’s physical infrastructure by boosting soft power, like creating standards for Internet of Things@Home.
Big data and analytics are expected to play a major role in improving day-to-day systems and facilities. These platforms will serve as a base on which companies and Government agencies can examine new ways to collect and interpret data to better serve the people, with a special focus on senior citizens, healthcare, seamless transportation solutions and security.
Where senior care is concerned, this could go beyond the traditional concept of welfare to reminding the elderly living alone when they need to take their medication or on which day their next health check is due.
Apart from enhancing connectivity and quality of life, the initiative could also build talent in areas such as games science. The country is working on its next 10-year master plan, with a focus on “developing smart communities driven by intelligence, integration, and innovation,” according to its Intelligent Nation Masterplan (iN2015).
Asked if, given the recent focus on smart cities, India can replicate the Singapore model, Unnikrishnan said the island-nation’s success hinges on the absence of corruption, complete transparency and a high degree of efficiency.
In India too, if there is a strong blueprint and adequate funding, the people are aligned to the larger mission and, above all, if there is the political will and transparency, there’s no reason why people-oriented initiatives cannot succeed, he said.
The writer was in Singapore at the invitation of the Singapore Ministry of Communications and Information.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

JetLite pilots threaten strike over forceful transfersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HUL Q2 net up 8.13% at Rs 988 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HUL Q2 profit up 8 %Updated: October 27, 2014 23:58 IST
HUL Q2 profit up 8 %
Special Correspondent
consumer goods
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth
Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) reported net profit of Rs.988 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, as compared to Rs.914 crore in the same period in the previous year up 8 per cent.
During the period net sales increased to Rs. 7,466 crore as compared to Rs. 6,747 crore in the same period last year.
The directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs. 6 per equity share (face value of Re 1 each) for the year ending March 31, 2015.
The company’s top management said, during the quarter, the operating environment remained challenging with low market growth across categories. Brand investments were sustained at competitive levels across segments.
The impact of rise in input cost continued to be felt during the quarter through higher consumption costs although commodity prices softened towards the end of the quarter, they said.
“In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations has helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins. The consistency of our performance is a reflection of the discipline and rigor with which we are executing our strategy. We will continue to manage our business dynamically for sustained competitive and profitable growth,” said Harish Manwani, Chairman, HUL at a press conference.
During the quarter, the company’s domestic consumer sales grew by 10 per cent ahead of the market which was in negative.
The company reported volume growth of five per cent despite the tight market conditions.
Soaps and detergent business reported double digit growth while in skin care Fair and Lovely and Ponds delivered volume-led double digit growth. In beverages, coffee registered double digit growth. Similarly, the company’s packaged foods and water business also reported double digit growth.
Answering a question on whether market conditions have improved after change in government, HUL Managing Director and CEO Sanjiv Mehta said: “It is too early and we are yet to see clear emerging trend.”
Supplementing this Mr. Manwani said: “We would like to see volume growth but we don’t know what the market is going to be.”
E-commerce strategy
Meanwhile, HUL is also working on its e-commerce strategy. “Globally we recognise that we need to create capabilities in our organisation in e-commerce to be future ready. We have a global dedicated team which is working to bring the best practices in e-commerce and we want to work with our lead partners in this format which can be transformational,” said Mr Manwani.
HUL shares closed with a loss of 4.8 per cent at Rs. 721.90 on the BSE.

Forecasts sap hopes for German economyGloomy forecasts sap hopes for German economy
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3848d704-5de2-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

R&D spending unlinked to performance  says studyR&D spending unlinked to financial performance, study shows
Alison Smith, Chief Corporate Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdfe1b2c-5abf-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE seeks climate answers from insurersBoE demands climate answers from insurers
Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dedd1954-5bad-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City facing more than a few bad applesCity facing more than ‘a few bad apples’
Sam Fleming and Chris Giles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24a471b8-5e00-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt approves longer tenures for future SBI chiefs to beat quarter-se-quarter-tak cultureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold recovers from 2-week low  all eyes on Fed meetGold recovers from 2-week low, all eyes on Fed meet
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 28:  
Gold recovered after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks on Tuesday as investors nervously awaited a US Federal Reserve meeting that begins later in the day for clues about the timing of any interest rate hike.
The Fed is likely to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus when it wraps up the two-day meeting on Wednesday. Investors will be scrutinising the Fed's statement for signals about a rate increase and its view on the global economy.
Spot gold dropped to $1,222.20 an ounce, its lowest since October 15, before recovering to trade up 0.3 per cent at $1,228.35 an ounce by 0346 GMT.
Gold could test resistance at $1,233 an ounce, according to Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao.
"There were some stops triggered once we breached yesterday's low but China walked in and pushed up gold," said a trader in Hong Kong.
"People are nervous ahead of the FOMC and big position changes are unlikely. For the moment, I think we will hold between $1,220 and $1,240," he said, referring to the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee.
The Fed will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait a long while before hiking interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets that saw some measures of inflation expectations drop worryingly low.
A delay in any hike in interest rates could boost gold, a non-interest-bearing asset. With US inflation weak, the European economy stumbling and the dollar on the rise, the big question is to what extent Fed officials acknowledge risks to their expectations that the US recovery will continue to strengthen and allow them to raise rates around the middle of next year.
Asian shares were modestly higher on Tuesday, while the dollar held steady. Gold has gained nearly 4 per cent since dropping to a 15-month low earlier this month on global slowdown fears.
The precious metal is often seen as a hedge when riskier assets such as equities are out of favour. In the physical markets, data on Monday showed China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong jumped to a six-month high in September as the world's biggest consumer stocked up ahead of its National Day holiday. But imports have slowed since the holiday, traders said, possibly putting more pressure on gold.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Crude oil extends losses over weak price outlookCrude oil extends losses over weak price outlook
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 28:  
Crude oil moved lower in Asian trade today after Goldman Sachs slashed its price forecasts for the next two years owing to a global supply glut.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for December delivery fell 46 cents to USD 80.54 while Brent crude for December eased 59 cents to USD 85.24 in mid—morning trade.
“We continue to see oil prices drift lower, and with nothing significant happening, the Goldman report is still on investors’ minds,” David Lennox, resource analyst at Fat Prophets in Sydney, told AFP.
Goldman yesterday said it expects WTI to sink to USD 70 a barrel by the second quarter of next year before rising back to USD 80 in 2016. That was USD 15 a barrel lower than its previous forecast.
The Wall Street giant’s outlook on Brent is for it to fall to as low as USD 80 by the second quarter, staying weak through 2015 before returning to USD 90 level in 2016.
It pointed to the impact of strong US shale oil output as well as the inability of the OPEC oil cartel to act as a swing producer that can tighten global supplies and prices.
Given the rising glut on the global market, “US production growth needs to slow,” Goldman said in a client note.
Lennox said investors will be monitoring the latest US stockpiles report due tomorrow.
The US Department of Energy (DoE) last week reported a 7.1 million barrel surge in crude reserves in the week to October 17.
The surge, more than double market expectations, added to worries about a global oversupply, further dampening prices.
“Further increases in US stockpiles will reinforce the weak price forecast by Goldman and others,” Lennox said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Rupee extends lossesRupee closes lower at 61.33 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
The rupee ended marginally weaker at 61.33 per dollar against the previous close of 61.31 amid a higher closing in domestic equity market.
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, the benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent.
Suresh Nair, Director Admisi Forex said, "The Rupee depreciated against the Dollar on Tuesday as state-run banks continue to purchase Dollars for domestic oil importers. However, the Rupee fall was limited on speculation that RBI could ease policy rate if upcoming data is favourable.”
According to dealers, investors are likely to adopt a wait and watch mode ahead of the US central bank’s bond purchase decision.
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended lower at 7 per against the previous close of 8.25 per cent.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, softened to 8.30 per cent from the previous close of 8.31 per cent. The price of the security rose to Rs. 100.58 from Rs. 100.53.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading up 48 pointsSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Ola To Raise Series D Funding of $210mn led by SoftBankOla To Raise Series D Funding of $210mn led by SoftBank
Astral Poly Technik Delivers Topline and PBT Growth of 22% and 46% Respectively in H1FY15Hi Guest
Astral Poly Technik Delivers Topline and PBT Growth of 22% and 46% Respectively in H1FY15
Ast r a l P o l y T ec hnik L td . , l e a d e rs in manu f ac turi n g of C P VC p i p e s & f it t i n g s a nnoun ce d the fin a n c ial r e sul t s for the Qu a rt e r/H a lf y e a r e nd e d on    30 t h S e ptemb e r, 2014.      Ove r view of ...

JSW Steel Falls 4% on Reports of CBI ProbeJSW Steel Falls 4% on Reports of CBI Probe
Do not prefer Nestle  Jubilant Foodworks at current valuation: Deven ChokseyDo not prefer Nestle  Jubilant Foodworks at current valuation: Deven Choksey
HUL drops after indicating challenging operating environmentHUL drops after indicating challenging operating environment
Gold Braces for More Jitters as Fed MeetsGold Braces for More Jitters as Fed Meets
The Regatta Hotel Organises a Luncheon at The BoatshedThe Regatta Hotel Organises a Luncheon at The Boatshed
L&T rallies on winning prestigious orderL&T rallies on winning prestigious order
Iron ore falls on China demand fearsIron ore falls on China demand fears
By Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44db2542-5b96-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leveraged loans come under pressureLeveraged loans come under pressure
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be86f6fe-5dae-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman cuts 2015 oil price forecastGoldman slashes 2015 oil price forecast as output tops demand
Aaron Sheldrick     Tokyo/Singapore   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 17:56 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Goldman Sachs has slashed its 2015 oil price forecasts, making it the most bearish among major financial institutions, following a near 25 per cent fall in crude prices over the past five months.
The US investment bank said rising output will outstrip demand - and its new numbers weighed further on benchmark Brent crude prices - as forecasters generally pare back estimates for oil due to slowing global growth, a strengthening dollar and ample supplies.
Goldman analysts said in a report released late on Sunday that they expect US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI)crude to fall to $75 a barrel and Brent to $85 a barrel in the first quarter of 2015, both down $15 a barrel from their previous forecast.
WTI could fall as low as $70 in the second quarter and Brent as low as $80, when oversupply would be the most pronounced, before returning to first-quarter levels, Goldman said.
Goldman's projections contrast with those of Standard Chartered Bank's oil analyst Paul Horsnell, known for having called the market's long rally a decade ago. He is sticking with a more bullish bias.
Last week, Horsnell and his team cut their first quarter Brent forecast to $98 but pared back their forecast for calendar 2015 by just $5, to $105 a barrel.
Brent crude futures dipped 0.3 per cent on Monday to less than $86 a barrel, extending their decline despite a continued easing of worries over the global economic recovery, said Tomomichi Akuta, senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Research & Consulting.
"I personally think prices have room for declines though not as steep as Goldman," Akuta said.
NYMEX crude for December delivery was up 4 cents at $81.05 a barrel by 0848 GMT, after settling down $1.08 on Friday following a spike up on Thursday.
If WTI fell to $70 a barrel next year, as Goldman Sachs is forecasting, it would be the US benchmark's lowest level since mid-2010.
RISING OUTPUT
Goldman said production outside OPEC countries was expected to accelerate, led by Brazil and drilling in the Gulf of Mexico with the end of extensive deep-water maintenance following the 2010 Macondo disaster.
Non OPEC-production outside the US lower 48 states is forecast to increase by 412,000 barrels per day this year, 573,000 bpd in 2015 and 505,000 bpd in 2016.
Output from Brazil's Santos basin is forecast to start to pick up, increasing Brazilian output by 206,000 bpd in 2014 and 325,000 bpd next year. Gulf of Mexico production is expected to increase by 155,000 bpd in 2015.
Among OPEC countries, Iraqi production is seen increasing by 200,000 bpd and Libya's output stabilising at about 700,000 bpd, compared with recent production of about 900,000 bpd.
Iranian production and exports are unlikely to see further growth because Goldman analysts do not expect a resolution to the country's nuclear dispute with the West by the Nov. 24 deadline, meaning sanctions on Tehran will not be lifted.
On the demand side, growth has only averaged 630,000 barrels per day year-on-year so far, less than half Goldman's initial forecast for 2014, the report said.
Global economic growth is forecast by Goldman analysts to increase to 3.5 per cent next year but there is a "risk that the historical relationship between global GDP growth and oil demand has weakened," the report said.
SHALE IMPACT
In the United States, rising shale production is increasingly affecting global energy flows and eroding OPEC's pricing power, Goldman said.
Anthony Jude, a senior adviser on energy and sustainable development matters for the Asian Development Bank , cited falling US oil imports as the primary reason for lower global oil prices.
The United States is "producing an additional 3 million barrels per day because of shale oil", he said on Monday on the sidelines of Singapore International Energy Week.
US crude oil imports have fallen to 7.0 million-7.6 million bpd from peaks above 10 million bpd in 2005 and 2006 since the advent of the shale oil and gas boom, according to data posted on the website of the US Energy Information Administration.
"US shale is the marginal swing barrel in the new order," Goldman said, adding that a slowdown in production will happen when WTI falls to $75 per barrel.
"US shale oil production has continued to surprise to the upside with US domestic oil prices incentivising strong investment," the report said.
Once prices fall and US production slows, Goldman expects cutbacks among OPEC producers including Saudi Arabia, which has been content to let prices fall in the hope of forcing US shale producers out of the market.
"Any near-term OPEC production cut will be modest until there is sufficient evidence of a slowdown in US shale oil production growth," the report said.
Additional reporting by Jessica Jaganathan
(Reuters)

Nilofar gains strength  looms over GujaratUpdated: October 27, 2014 23:28 IST
Nilofar gains strength, looms over Gujarat
Rahi Gaikwad
Tweet
Courtesy: IMD
This image, taken by Kalpana 1 satellite at 12:15 UTC (17:45 IST) on Monday, shows cyclone Nilofar positioned in west-central Arabian Sea.
TOPICS
forecast
Cyclone Nilofar, the second one to hit India after ‘Hudhud,’ has gained intensity and is expected to hit the Gujarat coast on Friday morning.
“It has turned into a very severe cyclonic storm. Its current location is in the Arabian Sea, about 1165 kilometres south-west of Kutch. During landfall, the wind speed will be in the range of 100 to 110 km an hour. The maximum wind speed can be 125 km an hour. Kutch and Saurashtra are likely to experience heavy to very heavy rainfall from Thursday night till Friday. Some parts in these regions may also receive extremely heavy rains,” Manorama Mohanty, Director, Ahmedabad Meteorological Centre, told The Hindu.
Gujarat is preparing its disaster management apparatus and has issued an alert to fishermen and farmers.
“The rains will start on Thursday. All those living in ‘kacha’ houses will be moved to storm shelters,” said Kutch Collector M.S. Patel. “We are making an evacuation plan and evacuation will begin from Tuesday.”

Power storage group plans $1bn US plantPower storage group plans $1bn US plant
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ea8fbe8-5dec-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LME taps China investors metals interestLast updated: October 27, 2014 11:09 pm
LME taps China investors’ metals interest
Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f859c164-5b69-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

High yield bond  back in a flash© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0fe09cb2-5af8-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germanys burdensome shift to renewablesOctober 22, 2014 9:12 pm
Germany’s burdensome shift to renewables
Rose Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/034b86c2-4966-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian shares  dollar tread cautiously ahead of Fed meeting2
While falling energy prices are a boon for consumer spending power in much of the world, it was bad news for resource stocks like Australia's Santos  which shed almost 8 percent.
The pain spread across the main Australian share index which skidded 1.7 percent <.AXJO>, while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> fell 0.8 percent to a seven-week trough.
Spread betters predicted the FTSE <.FTSE>, DAX <.GDAXI> and CAC 40 <.FCHI> would all open around 0.4 percent lower.
Japan's Nikkei <.N225> eased 0.8 percent, but that follows a run of hefty gains which took it to the highest since mid-2007.
Chinese shares have also been on a tear and Tuesday was no exception as the CSI300 index <.CSI300> powered up another 3 percent to peaks last visited in April 2011. It has now climbed by a third in just three weeks.
In currency markets, the yen benefited as nervous speculators cut back on short positions. The dollar faded to 120.15 yen , and away from Monday's high of 121.86, while the euro retreated to 148.00 .
The Australian dollar was a major loser, reflecting the country's position as a major commodity exporter, and slid a full yen to 99.04 .
The selling spread to the Chinese yuan  which was heading for its largest one-day drop since 2008 as corporates bailed out on expectations of further monetary easing.
Spot yuan slid nearly half a percent to 6.2007 per dollar, accelerating a decline that began when China's central bank surprised markets last month by cutting interest rates.
Not helping risk appetite was a Wall Street Journal report that Fed official were seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a "considerable time".
Such a move would be taken as a sign the central bank was on target to start raising interest rates around the middle of next year, a view that has gained great traction since last week's surprisingly strong payrolls report.
Yields on two-year Treasury debt  has spiked to highs not seen since April 2011 while the whole yield curve has flattened markedly as investors wager Fed action will keep inflation low over the long run.
The lack of inflationary pressure combined with a rising U.S. dollar kept gold on the back foot. Spot prices  were stuck at $1,200 on Tuesday after shedding a couple of bucks the previous session.
(Editing by Shri Navaratnam)

Twitter Inc Q3 revenue more than doubles to $361 mn  but posts 7 pct slide in engagementLatest News - Industry
Twitter Inc Q3 revenue more than doubles to $361 mn, but posts 7 pct slide in engagement
Reuters | San Francisco | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 10:31  IST
Oct 28 2014, 10:31  IST
 

Softbank invests in Ola tooHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Softbank invests in Ola too
Our Bureau
File picture of Bhavish Aggarwal, Co-founder & CEO, Ola
Injects $210 mn in online cab booking services provider along with existing investors
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Softbank Internet and Media Inc today announced a second major funding initiative in the growing Indian e-commerce sector. It has invested $210 million in online cab booking services provider Ola (formerly Olacabs). This is apart from the $627 million invested in Snapdeal.
Existing investors, Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital have also participated in Ola's round.
Ola has in the last two months launched operations across nine Indian cities, taking its overall presence to 19, as well as new and innovative categories across existing cities.
This fresh investment led by SoftBank will further propel Ola to be an integral part of India’s transportation ecosystem across newer cities by making available an efficient, reliable and convenient option for users and service providers.
Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp. (SoftBank) said, “Since SoftBank’s foundation, our mission has been to contribute to people’s lives through the information revolution. We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market.”
Bhavish Aggarwal, Co-founder & CEO, Ola said, “We are thrilled with the pace at which we are growing. Ola is at the forefront of the mobile Internet revolution in India and Softbank as an investor and a strategic partner with its global network, brings a lot of relevant experience and knowledge of this domain. We will continue to build towards our vision of transportation as a seamless and ubiquitous service in every corner of the country and focus on the driver ecosystem to enable micro entrepreneurship and skill development at scale.”
Nikesh Arora, Vice-Chairman of SoftBank and CEO of SIMI, added, “India has the third largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential. With today’s announcement SoftBank is contributing to the development of infrastructure for the digital future of India. We want to support the leaders and entrepreneurs of the digital future; Bhavish is such a great leader.”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Adani taps Morgan Stanley to help sell Australia port stakeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Adani taps Morgan Stanley to help sell Australia port stake
Reuters
Tweet
MELBOURNE, Oct 28:  
Adani has appointed Morgan Stanley to advise on the possible sale of a stake in its Abbot Point coal port in Australia, as it looks to raise funds to help finance a A$7-billion ($6.2 billion) mine, rail and port project.
Adani spokesman Andrew Porter confirmed the company has hired Morgan Stanley to help it on a potential partial sale of Abbot Point, a 50 million tonnes-a-year coal terminal on the east coast of Australia that it bought for $2 billion in 2011.
Funds raised from the stake sale would be used to help finance Adani's planned expansion of the port, Porter said.
Earlier this year, Morgan Stanley advised the Australian state of New South Wales on the sale of the Port of Newcastle, the world's largest coal export terminal, which fetched A$1.75 billion, double the amount that had been widely expected.
Adani's comments came after the Wall Street Journal reported that while Morgan Stanley was advising on the port sale, the bank was among four major US investment banks that had told a US-based green group, Rainforest Action Network, that they would not help fund the port's expansion.
The east coast port expansion to handle two rival coal projects planned by Adani and India's GVK with Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart has sparked an outcry from green groups and tourist operators opposed to coal projects and port dredging near the World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef.
The $17 billion worth of projects in the undeveloped Galilee Basin have been at the centre of a campaign by anti-coal activists pressing institutional investors and big banks to shun coal investments to help combat climate change.
"Stopping Abbot Point is a top priority for us, because this single project is the key to whether one of the largest stores of carbon on the planet, the Galilee Basin, stays in the ground where it belongs, or is sold on the global market and released into our atmosphere," said Amanda Starbuck, a director at San Francisco-based Rainforest Action Network.
Morgan Stanley said on Tuesday it was not necessarily opposed to the Abbot Point expansion, but it typically does not provide financing for any projects in Australia.
"In the case of the various Galilee Basin coal, rail and port developments, we have not looked at these projects in any detail nor have we assessed or opined on the environmental considerations surrounding them," Morgan Stanley's Australian spokesman Hugh Fraser said.
"We are simply not in the business of providing greenfield project financing in Australia and therefore, as we have stated, we will not lend to, or invest in, these projects."
Adani is expected to tap Australia's big four banks and others to help fund its Carmichael project in Queensland state, which most analysts say would be hard to justify at current coal prices, hovering at five-year lows. (1 US dollar = 1.1362 Australian dollar)
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
Adani hires Brinckerhoff for Australia project
TOPICS

StanChart Q3 profit tumbles on S. Korean restructuring  bad loansStanChart Q3 profit tumbles on S. Korean restructuring, bad loans
Reuters
Tweet
HONG KONG, Oct 28:  
Standard Chartered Plc said operating profit for the third quarter fell 16 per cent as the Asia-focused bank grappled with rising costs from the restructuring of its South Korean business and an increase in impaired loans.
Operating profit for the July-September quarter fell to $1.5 billion from $1.8 billion in the same period a year ago.
StanChart has said it expects profits to fall in 2014 for a second straight year, as the lender faces a number of challenges, including a slowdown in growth in many of its core emerging markets and weak trading activity.
The bank is also under heavy regulatory scrutiny, having warned on August 6 that it faced its second fine in two years from New York's financial regulator for problems in its anti-money laundering controls.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Woman trampled to death while posing for a photo with an elephant inKeralaOne of NP Jayan’s photographs at the exhibition
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 11:44 am
A woman tourist from Gujarat was trampled to death while trying to pose for a photograph with an elephant at Kerala’s hill station Munnar on Monday evening.
Police identified the victim as Dipali, 27, wife of Rinkesh. The family hails from Rajpipla city in Narmada district in Gujarat. The woman, a school teacher, met with the tragic end in front of her husband and four year old son. They were among 14-member tourists from Gujarat.
Quoting eye witnesses, police said Dipali and others were posing for photographs with the elephant, used for safari. While standing near the elephant, she was hit by its trunk and fell down in between the animal legs. A worried Dipali tried to get up, but got under the leg of the elephant in the presence of the other members of the tour group.
She was rushed to a nearby hospital, but died later. The body would be flown to Gujarat by noon.

Ola to raise $210 mn Series D funding led bySoftBankPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:31 am
Ola (formerly Olacabs), mobile app for cab-bookings, today confirmed a definitive agreement to raise $210 mn (about Rs 1,260 cr) from SoftBank Internet and Media, Inc (SMIC) and existing investors, Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital.
The latest investment round led by SoftBank qualifies as one of the largest fund-raises in the Indian e-commerce and mobile space.
Ola has launched operations across 9 new Indian cities over the last two months taking its overall presence to 19. The company has over 33,000 cabs on the mobile app.
“We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market,” said Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp.
Ola has raised earlier rounds of funding from Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India, Steadview Capitaland Sequoia Capital.
“Ola is at the forefront of the mobile internet revolution in India and Softbank as an investor and a strategic partner with its global network, brings in a lot of relevant experience and knowledge of this domain,” said Bhavish Aggarwal, Co-founder & CEO, Ola.
FE Online | The Financial Express
 

Honda Motor second-quarter profit falls four percent  misses estimatesHonda Motor second-quarter profit falls four percent  misses estimates
JSW Steel to increase capacity at Bellary plantJSW Steel to increase capacity at Bellary plant
Karnataka s new Industrial Policy hailed by ACMAKarnataka s new Industrial Policy hailed by ACMA
Govt. draws flak for not revealing all names of persons involved in black money casesGovt. draws flak for not revealing all names of persons involved in black money cases
LT gains 1.6%  bags order to build Statue of Unity in GujLT gains 1.6%  bags order to build Statue of Unity in Guj
WTI  Brent crude oil futures seen lower todayWTI  Brent crude oil futures seen lower today
Standard Chartered Q3 profit at $1.5bnStandard Chartered Q3 profit at $1.5bn
Apple CEO Happy With New Pay ServiceApple CEO Happy With New Pay Service
Amarnath Securities reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.01 crore in the September 2014 quarterAmarnath Securities reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.01 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Black money disclosures by Modi govt selective black mail  says Goa CongressBlack money disclosures by Modi govt selective black mail  says Goa Congress
US  China to hold trade talks in DecemberUS, China to hold trade talks in December
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 28:  
The U.S. and China will hold trade talks in Chicago in December to expand bilateral economic ties and address key agricultural and investment issues between the two countries.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Trade Representative Michael Froman will host a high-level Chinese delegation for the talks during the 25th session of the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT) from December 16 to 18, officials said.
US Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack will also take part in the dialogue to address key agricultural trade issues between the two countries.
“Expanding the U.S.-China bilateral trade relationship is critical to strengthening our nation’s economy and supporting job creation in communities from Maine to Hawaii,” Pritzker said.
Noting that JCCT has played a vital role in their efforts to bolster mutually beneficial relationship for more than two decades, the Commerce Secretary said the upcoming high-level discussions will culminate a year of continuous work to address important issues facing the two nations.
“This dialogue comes at an important time for the two largest economies in the world who share an enormous stake in the global trade and investment system,” Froman said.
The JCCT continues to be a place where the bilateral ties that link the U.S. and China are reinforced through cooperation and constructive face-to-face discussions focused on making concrete progress to address the challenges, he said.
Established in 1983, the JCCT is the primary forum for addressing bilateral trade and investment issues and promoting commercial opportunities between the United States and China.
High-level plenary meetings are held annually and are co-chaired by the US Secretary of Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, and the Chinese Vice Premier in charge of trade and investment issues.
Sixteen JCCT Working Groups meet throughout the year to address topics such as intellectual property rights, agriculture, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, information technology and travel and tourism.
The 24th Annual JCCT meeting was held in Beijing in 2013.
In the last year’s meeting, significant progress was made on several important issues, including protection and enforcement against theft of trade secrets, government procurement and market access for US testing and certification companies.
China was the third-largest market for U.S. exports in 2013 (after Canada and Mexico).
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

China CNR raises $1.2bn with HK listingChina CNR raises $1.2bn with Hong Kong listing
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c29d767e-dcc5-11e3-ba13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China bulls urged on by stimulus hopesChina bulls urged on by stimulus hopes
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Simon Rabinovitch in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/526938a8-ba32-11e3-8b15-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

South Africa soccer captain killed by intrudersSouth Africa soccer captain Meyiwa killed by intruders
By By Mark Gleeson | Reuters –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa of South Africa's Orlando Pirates is beaten by a goal …
By Mark Gleeson
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa’s soccer captain Senzo Meyiwa was shot dead by intruders in a township near Johannesburg on Sunday in what local media reported as a botched robbery.
The Orlando Pirates goalkeeper was shot after two men entered a house in Vosloorus where Meyiwa was visiting, at about 8 p.m. local time (1800 GMT), South Africa police said in a statement.
The intruders fled, along with a third man who had been waiting outside. Other people in the house were unharmed.
Local media said the intruders had demanded a mobile phone.
“We can confirm that Bucs (Pirates) keeper Senzo Meyiwa has been shot and sadly declared dead on arrival at hospital,” the South African Police Services said on its Twitter feed.
“We must emphasize break of protocol... We know there are upset and hurt pple (people) at the house where (the) incident occurred and at hospital. Calm please.
“We can assure all South Africans that we will do all we can to bring Meyiwa's killers (to) book,” the police said in a further tweet, offering a reward of R150,000 ($13,700).
The 27-year-old captained South Africa in their last four matches in the African Nations Cup qualifiers without conceding a goal and played on Saturday when his club advanced to the semi-finals of the South African League Cup.
“This is a sad loss which ever way you look at it – to Senzo’s family, his extended family, Orlando Pirates and to the nation,” Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza said in a statement.
News of the shooting prompted widespread sympathy on social media and condemnation of South Africa’s rampant gun violence.
“How do you kill someone for a cellphone?” tweeted national team mate Tsepo Masilela.
Belgian-based goalkeeper Darren Keet, who had been Meyiwa’s understudy over the last four internationals, tweeted: “When does it STOP South Africa?”
Meyiwa’s death follows that of another prominent South African sportsman, former world 800 metres champion Mbulaeni Mulaudzi, killed in a car accident on Friday.
Violent gun crime in South Africa has been highlighted by the trial of Paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius, who was given a five-year jail sentence for culpable homicide after shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
More than 17,000 people were murdered in South Africa between April 2013 and March 2014, an increase of about 800 over the previous year, according to police figures.
(1 US dollar = 10.9400 South African rand)
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Ken Ferris, Ian Ransom)
Recommend

Central  south Gujarat likely to bear the brunt of Cyclone NilofarCentral, south Gujarat likely to bear the brunt of Cyclone Nilofar
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 27:  
Just as very severe cyclone Nilofar prowls the Arabian Sea, churn is being initiated in the Andaman Sea and transmitted into the southwest Bay of Bengal, off Sri Lanka and south-east Tamil Nadu.
The European Centre for Medium-Term Weather Forecasts sees the possibility of a likely weather system being fanned up off the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh coast by mid-week next week (early November).
Embedded system
It would be embedded into an easterly wave lying extended from the Andaman Sea to the coasts off Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka, which itself would bring a spell of wet weather for the region.
Easterly waves are counterparts of western disturbances that affect the north and northwest of India from time to time. Only difference is that the former is sea-bound while the latter is land-bound.
But instances are rare when seas to either side of the peninsula have simultaneously hosted storms during the northeast monsoon, though, technically speaking, they can happen.
A forecast by the US Navy Global Environmental Model (Navgem) gives a different spin to the scenario. It sees a residual circulation anchoring off the Kanyakumari coast over the next few days.
The circulation is shown growing in strength off Kanyakumari and climbing towards the Thiruvananthapuram/Nagercoil by November 3 up to when forecasts were available.
Landfall area
The European Centre also seems to concur by indicating a build up of wind around Sri Lanka and adjoining Comorin region around this time. This warrants monitoring since easterly waves are potential big-time weather makers.
Very severe cyclone Nilofar will weaken a notch to severe cyclone while crossing the coast, but a few models are now indicating that central and south Gujarat could be affected.
The jaw-like formation of the beast that the map of Gujarat resembles as it looks out into the Arabian Sea is where Nilofar would deliver the blow, say these models.
Along with Kutch, other regions likely to be affected will be Jamnagar, Porbandar, Junagadh, Amreli, Bhavnagar and Rajkot, if these projections were to hold.
Interestingly, wind field projections put out by India Met Department suggests that Porbandar could bear the larger brunt.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

City facing more than a few bad applesCity facing more than ‘a few bad apples’
Sam Fleming and Chris Giles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24a471b8-5e00-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PRA traces an ark towards higher defencesPRA traces a narrative ark towards higher flood defences
By Jonathan Guthrie
Insurers’ response to catastrophe stress tests hinges on government‘s attitude to climate change
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26159e0c-5de0-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens In IraqIraq Suicide Bombing Kills Dozens Of Shi'ite Militiamen In Jurf Al-Sakhar
Reuters  | By                                                                Michael Georgy
reddit
By Michael Georgy
BAGHDAD, Oct 27 (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed at least 27 Shi'ite militiamen outside the Iraqi town of Jurf al-Sakhar on Monday after security forces pushed Islamic State militants out of the area over the weekend, army and police sources said.
The attacker, driving a Humvee vehicle packed with explosives and likely stolen from defeated government troops, also wounded 60 Shi'ite Muslim militiamen, who had helped government forces retake the town just south of the capital.
Iraqis are bracing for more sectarian attacks on Shi'ites, who are preparing for the religious festival of Ashura, an event that defines Shi'ism and its rift with Sunni Islam.
At mosques and shrines across Iraq, millions of Shi'ites are expected to commemorate the slaying of Prophet Mohammad's grandson Hussein at the battle of Kerbala in AD 680.
Violence has in the past marred the run up to the event, which will take place next week, and the festival itself.
On Monday night, a car bomb killed at least 15 people in central Baghdad, police and medical sources said. The attack took place on a street with shops and restaurants in Karrada district, home to both Sunni and Shi'ite Muslims as well as other sects and ethnic groups.
Islamic State sees Shi'ites as infidels who deserve to die and their attacks on them have brought violence back to levels seen in 2006 and 2007 at the height of a civil war.
Holding Jurf al-Sakhar is critical for Iraqi security forces, who finally managed to drive out the Sunni insurgents after months of fighting and need to capitalize on their victory to keep the militants away from Baghdad.
It could also allow Iraqi forces to sever Islamic State connections to their strongholds in western Anbar province and stop them infiltrating the mainly Shi'ite Muslim south.
PRESSURE ON BAGHDAD
The group has threatened to march on Baghdad, home to special forces and thousands of Shi'ite militias expected to put up fierce resistance if the capital comes under threat.
Gains against Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot made up of Arab and foreign fighters, are often fragile even with the support of U.S. air strikes on militant targets in Iraq and neighboring Syria.
The United States led nearly a dozen air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq on Sunday and Monday, including the besieged Syrian Kurdish border town of Kobani, according to the U.S. military.
As Iraqi government soldiers and militias savored their victory and were taking photographs of Islamic State corpses on Sunday, mortar rounds fired by Islamic State fighters who had fled to orchards to the west rained down on Jurf al-Sakhar.
The rounds hit the militiamen, killing dozens and scattering body parts, according to a Reuters witness.
The next significant fighting near Baghdad is expected to take place in the Sunni heartland Anbar province.
The town of Amriyat al-Falluja has been surrounded by Islamic State militants on three sides for weeks. Security officials say government forces are gearing up for an operation designed to break the siege.
Gains in the Islamic State stronghold of Anbar could raise the morale of Iraqi troops after they collapsed in the face of a lighting advance by the insurgents in the north in June.
In a meeting with Sunni tribal leaders from Anbar broadcast on state television, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said:
"We need soldiers to sign up for the army to stay and defend the country, not to come to the army for livelihoods.
"We should focus on one front when we attack instead of fighting on more than one front because terrorists can switch the battle to another area. We should defeat them in one place and then move to the other front."
In order to stabilize Iraq, Abadi, a Shi'ite, must win over Sunnis, espcially from Anbar, who have long believed Shi'ite leaders have a sectarian agenda. Some support Islamic State.
NO LETUP TO THE VIOLENCE
Islamic State kept up the pressure on security forces, attacking soldiers, policemen and Shi'ite militiamen in the town of al-Mansuriyah, northeast of Baghdad. Six members of the Iraqi security forces were killed, police said.
Kurdish peshmerga fighters also made advances over the weekend against Islamic State, which has declared a caliphate in the heart of the Middle East and is determined to redraw the map of the oil-producing region.
Much attention is focused on the planned deployment of peshmerga to Kobani, where fellow Kurds have been fending off an attack by Islamic State for 40 days.
Iraqi Kurdish officials and a member of the Kurdish administration in Syria said the peshmerga had been due to head to Kobani via Turkey on Sunday but their departure had been postponed.
Iraqi Kurdish forces will not engage in ground fighting in the Syrian town of Kobani but provide artillery support for fellow Kurds there, a Kurdish spokesman has said.
Islamic State fighters have been trying to capture Kobani for over a month, pressing on despite U.S.-led air strikes on their positions and the deaths of hundreds of their fighters.
(Additional reporting by Dasha Afanasieva in Mursitpinar and Isabel Coles in Arbil, Oliver Holmes in Beirut and Jonny Hogg in Ankara; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Related on HuffPost:

Sensex trades 67 points higher; healthcare  realty riseSensex trades 67 points higher; healthcare  realty rise
BJP to elect Maharashtra legislature party leader todayBJP to elect Maharashtra legislature party leader today
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Moving ahead with the process of forming a Government, newly-elected BJP legislators in Maharashtra will meet here today to elect their leader amid Shiv Sena’s expression of desire for a coalition Government of the two parties.
The BJP MLAs will gather at the party’s State headquarters at Nariman Point at 11 am and then proceed towards Inox Square near Vidhan Bhavan where they will pay tribute to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.
The BJP legislature party meeting will begin in the Vidhan Bhavan at 4 pm in the presence of the party’s central observers, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and the party’s National General Secretary J P Nadda, a party spokesperson said.
The election of the Legislature Party leader, who will be the Chief Minister, will mark a step towards formation of the Government in the State, where the BJP fell short of a majority by 23 seats in the 288-member Assembly.
“After the Legislature Party leader is elected, we will call on Governor C Vidyasagar Rao and stake a claim to form the Government,” BJP General-Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy had said.
State BJP President Devendra Fadnavis, under whose leadership the party fought the polls and registered its most impressive performance in Maharashtra till date, has emerged as the front-runner for the CM’s post. The BJP will hold the swearing-in of a minority Government on October 31.
Speaking openly for the first time in favour of a BJP-led coalition government, senior Sena leader and spokesman Sanjay Raut had said yesterday that such a dispensation will be a “stable” one.
“If the Shiv Sena and BJP come together to form a Government, it will be stable. Our ties with BJP are very old. Whatever happened during the election we have forgotten. Ours is not like an India-Pakistan fight.
“The people have given a mandate to the BJP. It has got more seats. It is our duty (to lend support to BJP). Sena’s support will always be there for a Chief Minister who works in the interest of Maharashtra,” he had said.
BJP won 122 seats in the 288-member Assembly. Govind Rathod, who was elected from Mukhed in Nanded, passed away on Sunday, reducing the strength to 121.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Black money disclosures by Modi govt is black mailBlack money disclosures by Narendra Modi govt selective black mail; disclose all 700 names: Goa Congress
PTI | Panaji | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 13:36  IST
Oct 28 2014, 13:36  IST
 

Two million barrels of oil on ocean floor after BP spillTwo million barrels of oil on ocean floor after BP spill
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 28:  
Around two million barrels of oil from the BP spill off the US Gulf Coast in 2010 is believed to have settled on the ocean floor, according to a study.
The fate of two million of the nearly five million barrels that gushed into the open waters has remained a mystery until now, said the findings in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a peer-reviewed US journal.
Researchers analysed samples collected at more than 500 locations around the Macondo Well, where the leaked oil emerged, and found it had spread widely, settling down like dirt in a bathtub.
The oil was found to have spread as far as 3,200 square km from the site, and may have gone even further, the report said.
“Our analysis suggests the oil initially was suspended in deep waters and then settled to the underlying sea floor,” said the study by the University of California, Santa Barbara; the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts; and the University of California, Irvine.
Researchers came to this conclusion by studying seafloor sediment cores for residual hopane, a hydrocarbon that comes from crude oil.
The National Wildlife Federation said earlier this year that scientific studies on 14 different types of creatures affected by the spill show that long lasting harm was done to dolphins, sea turtles, tuna, loons and other animals in the region.
In pleading guilty to the spill, BP agreed to pay the government $4.5 billion to settle criminal charges in the case.
It also agreed in 2012 to settle damage claims by businesses and individuals for about $7.8 billion.
Last month, a federal court judge in New Orleans concluded that BP acted with “gross negligence” ahead of the massive 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, meaning BP may face billions of dollars in new fines.
The April 20, 2010 Deepwater Horizon drilling rig blowout, which killed 11 people, happened because BP’s US subsidiaries, along with oil—services company Halliburton and rig owner Transocean, did not take adequate care in drilling a risky well, the court found.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Bharti Infratel shares gain over 3% on robust Q2 earningsBharti Infratel shares gain over 3% on robust Q2 earnings
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Shares of tower firm Bharti Infratel today rose over 3 per cent after the company reported a 68 per cent jump in its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Bharti Infratel’s stock gained 3 per cent to Rs 299.25 on the BSE.
On the NSE, it was up 3.13 per cent at Rs 299.50.
Bharti Infratel had yesterday reported a 68 per cent jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 465 crore for the September quarter on the back of increased number of tenants on towers.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 277 crore in the corresponding period last financial year.
Revenue of the company rose 9 per cent to Rs 2,930 crore for the second quarter of 2015 fiscal as compared to Rs 2,684 crore last time, the company had said in a statement.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading up 25 pointsSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

SoftBank Internet and Media to Lead Investment of $210 Million in India s Ola CabsSoftBank Internet and Media to Lead Investment of $210 Million in India s Ola Cabs
HUL: How analysts read Q2 numbersHUL: How analysts read Q2 numbers
JSW Steel shares fall over 4 pc after CBI enquiry on officialsJSW Steel shares fall over 4 pc after CBI enquiry on officials
US markets closed mostly flat; S&P ends in redUS markets closed mostly flat; S&P ends in red
Vietnam PM accorded Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati BhavanVietnam PM accorded Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati Bhavan
India Considering More Taxes On Vegetable OilsIndia Considering More Taxes On Vegetable Oils
Japan s SoftBank CEO meets PM Narendra Modi in New DelhiJapan s SoftBank CEO meets PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares push higher ahead of Fed meetingGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares push higher ahead of Fed meeting
UBS has not resolved US forex probe  extends Libor pactUBS has not resolved US forex probe, extends Libor pact
Reuters
Tweet
Zurich, Oct 28:  
Switzerland's largest bank UBS said on Tuesday it had not reached a resolution with the US Department of Justice's antitrust or criminal divisions in connection with alleged rigging of foreign exchange markets.
In its quarterly report, the Zurich-based bank said it had agreed with antitrust and criminal divisions to extend a non-prosecution agreement governing its 2012 settlement over rigging benchmark interest rates by one year, to December 2015, in relation to the forex bribe.
UBS also said it booked 1.8 billion Swiss francs ($1.90 billion) in third-quarter charges as it discusses a settlement to the forex investigation.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Mohan Babus son Manojs film to release in 25 countriesMohan Babu’s son Manoj’s film to release in 25 countries
K V Kurmanath
'Current Theega' to have widest release for a Telugu fim so far
Hyderabad, Oct 28:  
Current Theega (live wire), starring Manoj, the second son of veteran actor Mohan Babu, will be released in 25 countries apart from India on October 31. The producers claim that it is the widest release for any Telugu film.
The movie will be distributed overseas by the New York-based 24 Frames Factory, a distribution firm floated by Mohan Babu’s elder son Vishnu. It will be released in the US a day earlier.
The countries where the film will release include Australia, Canada, the UK, Malaysia, the Gulf, Uganda and Tanzania.
“We are targeting the Telugu diaspora in those countries that longs for Telugu content,” a press release said here on Tuesday.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

U.S.  China to hold trade talks in DecemberUS, China to hold trade talks in December
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 28:  
The U.S. and China will hold trade talks in Chicago in December to expand bilateral economic ties and address key agricultural and investment issues between the two countries.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Trade Representative Michael Froman will host a high-level Chinese delegation for the talks during the 25th session of the U.S.-China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT) from December 16 to 18, officials said.
US Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack will also take part in the dialogue to address key agricultural trade issues between the two countries.
“Expanding the U.S.-China bilateral trade relationship is critical to strengthening our nation’s economy and supporting job creation in communities from Maine to Hawaii,” Pritzker said.
Noting that JCCT has played a vital role in their efforts to bolster mutually beneficial relationship for more than two decades, the Commerce Secretary said the upcoming high-level discussions will culminate a year of continuous work to address important issues facing the two nations.
“This dialogue comes at an important time for the two largest economies in the world who share an enormous stake in the global trade and investment system,” Froman said.
The JCCT continues to be a place where the bilateral ties that link the U.S. and China are reinforced through cooperation and constructive face-to-face discussions focused on making concrete progress to address the challenges, he said.
Established in 1983, the JCCT is the primary forum for addressing bilateral trade and investment issues and promoting commercial opportunities between the United States and China.
High-level plenary meetings are held annually and are co-chaired by the US Secretary of Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, and the Chinese Vice Premier in charge of trade and investment issues.
Sixteen JCCT Working Groups meet throughout the year to address topics such as intellectual property rights, agriculture, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, information technology and travel and tourism.
The 24th Annual JCCT meeting was held in Beijing in 2013.
In the last year’s meeting, significant progress was made on several important issues, including protection and enforcement against theft of trade secrets, government procurement and market access for US testing and certification companies.
China was the third-largest market for U.S. exports in 2013 (after Canada and Mexico).
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Axis Bank Q2 PAT up 18.2% at Rs 1 610 crSave this video
Copy URL
The Bank’s net interest income during the quarter increased to Rs 3,522 crore, up 20 per cent from Rs 2,937 crore, Year-on-Year (YoY). Its NPA during the period remained 1.34 per cent, unchanged from the previous quarter.
34

New competition starts in development of U.S. militarys Iron Man suitBy Dan Lamothe October 27 Follow @danlamothe
This image taken from a video released by U.S. Special Operations Command shows its vision for the Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit, commonly known as its “Iron Man” suit effort. (YouTube screen grab)
The U.S. military team overseeing the development of a high-tech armor super-suit for elite U.S. Special Operations troops has launched a new competition, pitting private corporations against each other to improve situational awareness for commandos while they are wearing night-vision devices or other optics.
The effort focuses on overcoming challenges with latency in optical devices, said Navy Capt. Kevin Aandahl, a spokesman for U.S. Special Operations Command. It could improve the disorienting effect for those wearing advanced optics that can can see people, even in the dark, using infrared sensors or other means. The deadline to submit proposals was Oct. 17, Aandahl said.
The technology would be incorporated into SOCOM’s Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit (TALOS) program, which is developing an armor exoskeleton that could include super-human strength, sensors that respond directly to brain functions and liquid armor. It is commonly known as the military’s “Iron Man” suit, a reference to the Marvel comic and movie hero.
The program was launched last year, and received a lot of attention under Adm. William McRaven, who retired as the top commander in SOCOM in August, in part because of splashy publicity like this video:
McRaven’s replacement, Army Gen. Joseph L. Votel III, also is a strong advocate of new technology to better protect and enable Special Operations troops, Aandahl said.
“We have made significant progress in the first year of our TALOS effort and the TALOS team is diligently evaluating which technologies and features can be transitioned to the force in the near term and which can be developed and integrated into future designs,” he said.
The new challenge focusing on optics follows another event in the spring that was geared toward improving the exoskeleton prototypes that SOCOM has been reviewing. 
Last spring, SOCOM disclosed a handful of companies that are involved in the TALOS program, and said that it had been in discussions with corporations ranging from Nike to Boeing . A handful of small developmental deals have been signed, but only a couple of the companies have been named.
The major hurdle so far: power. While the comic book hero relies on a miniature reactor that is embedded in his chest, SOCOM has struggled in real life to find a power source for the suit, which could weigh several hundred pounds. McRaven said in February that the suits it is testing this year would not be powered, and predicted they wouldn’t be ready for combat until August 2018 at the earliest.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Vasundhra Raje expands her council of ministers  inducts 14 new membersThis is the first expansion of Cabinet after Raje took over as Chief Minister in December last year. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:55 am
 
Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje inducted 15 new ministers to her team Monday following months of deliberations with the Center. Raje managed to have her way by keeping out her dissentors from the list and threw up quite a few surprises.
Rajpal Singh (MLA from Jhotwara), Kiran Maheshwari (Rajsamand), Surendra Goyal (Jaitaran) and Dr Rampratap (Hanumangarh) were sworn in as state cabinet ministers by Governor Kalyan Singh. Amra Ram (Pachpadra), Krishnendra Kaur (Nadbai), Vasudev Devnani (Ajmer North), Rajkumar Rinwa (Ratangarh), Surendra Pal Singh (Karanpur) and Anita Bhadel (Ajmer South) were sworn in as Ministers of State (Independent charge). Four ministers – Pushpendra Singh (Bali), Babu Lal Verma (Kesheorapatan) , Arjun Lal (Bilara) and Otaram Dewasi (Sirohi) – were inducted as MoS. Jeetmal Khat (Banswara), who missed the oath taking ceremony in the afternoon, arrived in the state capital later in the day and was administered oath as a minister in the evening.
Even as Raje attempted social engineering in her cabinet revamp, her cautious tiptoeing around her dissentors was evident. Senior legislators whose names were doing the rounds such as Ghanshyam Tiwari, Narpat Singh Rajvi and Rao Rajendra Singh were given a miss. Tiwari, a vocal dissentor of Raje, was being backed by the RSS and had caused much rift between Raje and the Center. Tiwari, former education minister, had won with a whopping majority of over 68,000 votes. Rajvi and Rao, both senior leaders, too did not manage to win Raje’s favour.
Raje was working with a lean team of 12 ministers including herself since the BJP government came to power in December. Raje herself held 47 portfolios that had led to major backlog of work in several departments. The ruling government also got embroiled in a controversy as former legislator Sanwar Lal Jat, who was elected as Member of Parliament from Ajmer defeating former Congress union minister Sachin Pilot, continued to hold a cabinet portfolio even after vacating his assembly seat. The state government was on the brink of a constitutional crisis as Jat who sought a special provision to continue holding his portfolio for six months from vacating his assembly seat, would have lost the privilege by November end. The state cabinet would have then come down to 11 ministers leading to a constitutional crisis. The state cabinet has to comprise at least 12 percent of the total assembly strength which is 12 for Rajasthan (200 seats).
Following the expansion, the Raje government now has a total of 26 ministers including the CM. A meeting of the new cabinet was called late on Monday evening to discuss the portfolios that are yet to be announced. Jat’s exit is now continued…

12 Takeaways from the sixth episode of GothamGordon (Ben McKenzie, left) and Bullock (Donal Logue) try to clean up Gotham in their own ways in the Fox hit. (photo by Jessica Miglio/FOX)
 
THIS WEEK’S episode of “Gotham” gives us a killer (the Goat) who seems to have come back from the dead; a look into Bullock’s surprising good-cop past; a make-up session between Jim Gordon and his still-angry fiancee, Barbara; and Montoya’s final push to put Gordon behind bars.
Here are Comic Riffs’ 12 Takeaways from the sixth episode of Fox’s “Gotham”:
1. Good Cop Bullock
We start with a 10-year jump back into the past. Bullock and his partner (not Gordon, obviously) are on the trail of the Goat, a killer who’s going around slaying the kids of the 1-percent elite. They’ve tracked him down to an abandoned theater. Bullock’s partner calls for back-up. Bullock says that will take too long; he demands that they enter the building now and take down the Goat. His partner says he’s crazy, but Bullock goes in anyway.
This is an interesting peak into the man Bullock used to be. You can’t help but see Bullock as the version of Gordon he deals with now: young, naive, still full of hope — all the things Bullock isn’t now. Young Bullock goes in and gets his man, but not before two tragedies: The Goat has already killed his victim, and Bullock’s partner is critically injured. That all leads us to the present day, when another young Gotham 1-percent kid is left for the police, with the same calling card of the Goat. Bullock immediately recognizes the signs and refuses to accept the possibility of the Goat’s being alive. He put a bullet in The Goat, after all. Bullock wants the press to have no part of this. At least he’s not dealing with the Daily Planet.
2. Barbara and Jim work it out….kind of.
While investigating the crime scene of what is clearly a Goat crime, Bullock is shocked to see that he beat Gordon to work. Bullock says that is rare fore the “Boy Scout.” Gordon is with Barbara, trying to figure out where they are after she left him saying she wanted the whole truth about his police work or she’s gone. Barbara says she wants half — not half of Gordon’s probably underpaid GCPD salary, but rather at least half of what he goes through daily as a Gotham detective. She refuses to be shut out. Jim reluctantly agrees to tell her everything as soon as he can. So they’re back together. So we know what that means. It’s time for Montoya to show up.
3. Montoya not letting up
Montoya and her partner, Crispus Allen, are back at the scene to investigate the “murder” of Oswald “Penguin” Cobblepot (the killing that we know didn’t really happen). Montoya wants Gordon bad. Allen is fed up; he says they’re chasing dead ends. Montoya wants one more try. They find a person squatting. They show a pic of Gordon and ask whether the squatter has seen him before, maybe during a shooting. The squatter actually recognizes Gordon (and for a split-second, you want to go back to Episode 1 — presuming you haven’t deleted it from your DVR — to see whether this guy was there when Gordon faked the killing). The guy tells Montoya and Allen that Gordon does seem familiar. He did see him, and says that Gordon has ice in his veins. Montoya has her witness. Time to arrest Gordon, but not before rubbing it in Barbara’s face, of course. You can’t help but wonder whether Montoya really wants a supposed dirty cop, or whether this is all fuel to an obsession with Barbara.
4. Finally, a closer look at Nygma
Our Edward Nygma appearance starts off as it always does. He’s at a crime scene, collecting evidence and asking riddles that no one wants to answer (especially Bullock). Eddie actually plays a major part in the solving of this episode’s mystery, but not before we get a closer look into his inquisitive mind. Eddie needs files. Those are handled by a girl in the GCPD named Kris Kringle (Nygma loves the name). Eddie is out of his comfort zone, as it becomes apparent that he’s got a crush on Kris. For once, Eddie doesn’t have all the answers on what to do. Kris isn’t at all impressed with Eddie, especially after he tries to reorganize her files to help her out. They have an intense stare diluted by their glasses (which are there to signify they’re both smart). Eddie is so far from first base that he’s struck out before he got in the batter’s box. He leaves disturbed. He messed up. What do we make of this? Will rejections like these lead him to be the villain we know he’ll become? Who knows? It’s only one episode. Maybe he’ll impress Kris yet.
5. Mother Weirdest?
Oswald finally goes home to his overprotective mother. She’s still convinced that he ran off with a woman. When Oswald assures her that wasn’t the case, she’s a little too happy. This is a weird relationship. But Oswald is down on his luck after revealing himself to Maroni and now being forced to give intel about all things Falcone, as Maroni continues to try to make a move on the crown of Gotham’s king of crime. It’s obvious that Oswald is there to get a confidence boost from Mom. He assures his mother that he’s going to be someone important in Gotham (we know he’s right) and tells her that he has found a cop he can trust (Gordon). He then gets a deeply weird sponge bath that — at least for viewers — can’t end soon enough.
6. Penny for your thoughts
Bullock and Gordon are at the morgue, where the body of the Goat’s latest victim is. The coroner tells Bullock and Gordon that he’s found nothing that can help with the case. Bullock says to search the neck for a small, stitched-up incision. It’s there. Something is inside. Bullock already knows what it is. A penny — the calling card of the Goat. It’s the same guy — but how? Bullock killed him. The thought of someone that he killed in the line of duty coming back from the dead now haunts Bullock. He thinks he’s going crazy, but he digs deeper, knowing he’s got more work to do. Bullock and Gordon figure out that the two Goat cases, 10 years apart, have something in common. No forced entry. They start looking for a connection. Bullock says to get Nygma on it, noting that he’s freaky with puzzles.
7. Bruce shows no fear
When we finally get a scene with Bruce and Alfred (in the manor, as they usually are), they’re watching a newscast in which the anchor says that the kids of the 1-percent are in peril. Someone is hunting them down. Alfred tells Bruce that young Master Wayne should consider leaving town, because he’s a potential target. Bruce, of course, will do no such thing. His face betrays not an ounce of concern. Has he already learned how to eliminate fear? Bruce says that he’s got work to do. And besides, he says: “Why would the Goat take me? There’s no one to take me from.”
8. Selina and Bruce — together for the first time
We finally get Selina and Bruce together. She has sneaked into the manor (there’s no Batcave security yet — window was unlocked). It’s the first time we’ve seen the two this close since Selina witnessed the killing of Bruce’s parents. But there are no Bat/Cat chats now. Bruce is asleep. Selina leaves when she hears Alfred’s footsteps, but she grabs an item off of the desk before creeping out. The point of this visit is unclear. Is this just more catlike behavior from Selina? Here’s hoping the next time she visits, Bruce is awake.
9. Bullock has a heart (who knew?).
Bullock and Gordon have to visit his old partner — the one who was injured in the original Goat case. Turns out, he’s in a kind of retirement home. Bullock is paying the bill. Who knew Bullock cared about anything, let alone another human being. Bullock lets a nurse know to send the next bill by mail. And he wants to make sure his partner received the magazines he ordered for him. “Those magazines are horrible,” the nurse said. “But he got them right?” Bullock asks. What? You thought this tender Bullock moment would end any other way?
10. Bad guy down: more questions, fewer answers
With the help of Nygma, Bullock and Gordon get their Goat. And this time, the potential victim is saved. Gordon helps Bullock take down the Goat with some nifty, made-for-TV blocking and counter-punching. But when they get the guy cuffed and to the GCPD, it’s not the same guy. But how did he know the signs to leave of the original Goat. This is eating Bullock alive — until he sees an awkward hand movement on his current Goat. It’s the same movement he saw on the previous new-Goat victim’s father, who was seeing a psychologist/hypnotist. Bullock puts 2 and 2 together. He’s got his real Goat, and leaves to confront her (solo, because Gordon is too busy being arrested — we’ll get to that). The psychologist, despite Bullock’s interrogation of her, shows no fear. This should be Bullock’s first sign that he’s in serious trouble. The shrink orders the father of the first victim (whom she was treating at the time) to kill Bullock. Bullock gives him a solid right fist and somehow manages to shoot the shrink in the leg. Real bad guy caught. But what was that about Gordon being arrested?
11. Oswald to the rescue
Barbara tells Gordon that they’ve got to leave town, because her ex is about to arrest Gordon. Gordon says that he’s not leaving — because he’s innocent. There’s a knock at the door. Of course, it’s Montoya and Allen. (At this point, Allen just does whatever Montoya says; one-sided partnership there, but hey, maybe Montoya’s in love). Gordon is arrested and brought to GCPD to be put in a cell. Captain Essen is having no part of it. She’s not having one of her cops being handled like this on her turf. Montoya repeats that Gordon is guilty of the murder of Oswald. Gordon, no longer able to continue lying, says that he didn’t kill Oswald. Bullock agrees, but only because he thinks Gordon is trying to lie — little does he know Gordon is telling the truth. But before another word is said, the GCPD gets a visitor. It’s Oswald.
12. Wait — what?
Yes, Oswald. He’s standing at the entrance of the GCPD, in a freshly dry-cleaned suit given to him by Mommy dearest. He’s made his major move — it’s out in the open now: He’s not dead. Now Maroni doesn’t have an iron-clad grip on him. But now it’s also out that Gordon didn’t kill Oswald. Bullock is furious. He looks as if he wants to kill Gordon there and now, which is sad, because we got a peek of the cop Harvey used to be in this episode. Present-day Bullock is a cop who let Gotham get to the man he used to be. And right now, he’d like nothing more than to see Gordon in cement. That’s where this week’s episode ends. But at least now, Montoya can’t keep nagging Barbara about Gordon “the killer.” But with Gordon’s innocence known to all, now he and everyone around him might be in more danger than ever.
You can follow freelance contributor David Betancourt on Twitter at @adcfanboy .

Government steeped in corruption: V. S. AchuthanandanLeader of the Opposition V.S. Achuthanandan handing over a torch to commemorate the 68th anniversary of the Punnapra-Vayalar uprising at Valiya Chudukkad, near Alappuzha, on Monday.
Tributes paid to Punnapra-Vayalar martyrs
Programmes organised jointly by the district committees of the CPI(M) and the CPI as part of the 68 anniversary of the Punnapra-Vayalar uprising concluded at Vayalar on Monday.
Leader of the Opposition V.S. Achuthanandan, who inaugurated the valedictory meeting, said society was being pushed to a struggle against the misuse of power by both the Union and State governments. While the Union government had sacrificed national security for the benefit of corporate giants, the State government was neck-deep in corruption, he said. CPI(M) State unit secretary Pinarayi Vijayan called for strengthening the unity among the Left parties to counter the ‘communal policies of the governments.’ At a ceremony at Valiya Chudukkad, near Alappuzha, Mr. Achuthanandan handed over a torch to be taken to the Vayalar Martyrs’ Memorial. An athletes’ procession, along with another that carried a second torch handed over by K.V. Thankappan, a participant of the uprising at Menasserry, arrived at Vayalar by 11.45 a.m.
Both the torches were received by CPI district secretary P. Thilothaman, MLA, the president of the observance committee.
A meeting to observe the 39 death anniversary of Vayalar Rama Varma was also organised. Poet Alankode Leelakrishnan inaugurated the function.
In a separate function at Vayalar, the district committee of the CPI (ML) Red Flag paid tributes to the martyrs of the uprising.

Ajay  Yami and Manasvi at launch  Sonakshi missingCelebrity
Action Jakson trailer launch
Present at the event were Ajay Devgn, Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai. Sonakshi Sinha, who plays a pivotal role in the movie and portrayed her constant excitement on Twitter, however, gave the event a miss. Action Jackson is expected to release on December 5, 2014.

Super Mario  creator flirts with film  games still true loveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Italy rules out bailout for failed banksItaly rules out public money for banks that failed stress tests
James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c19933e-5de3-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gross incompetence at the State DepartmentBy David Bernstein October 27
Someone left State Department spokesman Jen Psaki grossly unprepared for a press briefing today (or at least I hope this reflects lack of preparation), and she wound up disagreeing with the notion that a teenage Palestinian Hamas supporter with American citizenship throwing molotov cocktails at cars on an Israeli highway was “essentially a terrorist” whom the State Department was a bit too quick too mourn. Of course there were ways she could have finessed this, for example by pointing out that a fourteen-year old’s death is tragic under any circumstances, and the government was simply acknowledging that fact, not in any way condoning the underlying violence that led to his death. If you watch the video, you will see that Psaki didn’t come anywhere near “finesse.” [I accidentally hit "publish" for a draft version of this post that wasn't ready for prime time.  This is the version I intended to publish.]
UPDATE: A bit of additional context: Relations between the Israeli government and the Obama Administration, and the State Department in particular, never great given Obama and Netanyahu’s rather obvious mutual disdain, are currently in what many call a “crisis” .  State is mad at the Israeli government for a variety of reasons, some more legitimate than others, and the Israeli press has been filled with reports of signs of this pique.  Defense Minister Yaalon was in the U.S. last week, and State officials  leaked that he was unwelcome to meet with anyone they could influence not to meet with him , because he has not publicly apologized for harshly criticizing Secretary of State John Kerry earlier this year.  More seriously than the treatment of an individual minister, reports have surfaced that the Obma administration ordered a sudden and unannounced freeze on supplying Israel with weapons during the Gaza war,  and also stopped U.S. law enforcement in its tracks as it was trying to help Israel locate the origins of a Facebook post that could have revealed where Hamas had taken an Israeli soldier during the war (the U.S. denies the latter is true). Israelis had also previously perceived that the U.S. government seemed reluctant to aid in recovering the three kidnapped teenagers whose deaths helped precipitate the Gaza war, one of whom was an American citizen.
To show how worried Israel and its supporters have become about signals emanating from the Obama Administration, pro-Israel media was most recently filled with criticism of the U.S. consulate in East Jerusalem for sending out a memo referring to the terrorist murder for a three month old baby in Jerusalem, an American citizen,  as a “traffic incident,”  which was much more likely internal bureaucratise than an intentional slap at Israel.  In short, this is a very sensitive time in U.S.-Israeli relations, where every statement from the U.S. government is being scrutinized to see if it will cause, or reflects, a further deterioration in those relations. Which means, in turn, that one would expect the State Department spokesman to be well-prepared for exactly the sort of question Psaki received, so that the government could clarify that it both was concerned about escalating violence in Jerusalem and the death of an American-citizen teenager, but also stood with Israel against Hamas and terrorism. You really need to watch the video see how poorly she handled the question, and how ill-prepared she seemed.
 
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Niche financial firms to try Aim floatsNiche financial firms to test waters with Aim flotations
Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eacf57c0-5df8-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Caution reigns as Asian markets eye FedWall Street firm ahead of Fed meeting
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e67e802-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s economy to grow 5.6% in 2014-15  6.4% next year: World BankIndia s economy to grow 5.6% in 2014-15  6.4% next year: World Bank
Black money list: Ram Jethmalani slams Narendra Modi govt  says worse than UPAE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Special process to appoint top bosses at state-run banksIndia to set up new process for appointing state bank officials
Reuters –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 12:29 AM IST
View Photo
A security personnel stands guard in front of the gate of the State Bank of India (SBI) regional office in Kolkata May 23, 2014. REUTERS/Rupak de Chowdhuri/Files
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India decided late Monday to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
As a result, eight posts of bank chiefs and 14 posts of their deputies will fall vacant and have to be filled up "de novo", the finance ministry said in a statement, without giving further details.
The move comes months after an investigation began into whether the head of state-controlled Syndicate Bank (SBNK.NS) took bribes to roll over a loan to family-controlled Bhushan Steel (BSSL.NS).
The investigation not only raised broader concerns about weak oversight, corruption and politically directed lending at state banks, but also brought into focus irregularities in appointments at the banks.
In its wake, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration set up a panel, which also included Raghuram Rajan, the governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), to examine the process adopted this fiscal year for appointing top management at state banks.
Stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - currently amount to about 10 percent of all loans, making banks circumspect over lending. Fitch Ratings expects stressed assets to reach 14 percent of loans by March next year.
While a sluggish economy is the main reason for a rise in distressed assets, an RBI report in August also blamed lending to certain "excessively leveraged" groups.
(Reporting by Rajesh Kumar Singh; Editing by Larry King)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Supreme Court hits out at delay by Centre over forming govt in DelhiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US court issues summons against Amitabh Bachchan in 1984 riots caseUS court issues summons against Amitabh Bachchan in 1984 riots case
PTI
Tweet
Los Angeles, Oct 28:  
A US court has issued summons against Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan in an alleged human rights violation case filed by a Sikh rights group.
The US District Court here issued the summons on a complaint filed by New York-based Sikh for Justice (SFJ) and two alleged victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
The victims Babu Singh Dukhiya is based in Delhi and Mohender Singh is based in California.
The court has directed Bachchan to respond in 21 days after he is served with the summons.
Running into 35-pages, the complaint alleges that Bachchan instigated people for violence after the assassination of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi.
Over the past several years, SFJ has unsuccessfully tried to drag several Indian leaders to US courts in the alleged human rights violations cases.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

StanChart profit tumbles  plans extra $400 mln in cost cutsStanChart profit tumbles  plans extra $400 mln in cost cuts
Indraprastha Gas falls; may not pass on gas price hikeIndraprastha Gas falls; may not pass on gas price hike
Hong Kong activists mark one month of  Umbrella MovementHong Kong activists mark one month of  Umbrella Movement
Bank Of Hawaii third quarter earnings climbBank Of Hawaii third quarter earnings climb
Maruti Suzuki SX4 S-Cross Spied Testing; Expected Launch  Price  Feature DetailsMaruti Suzuki SX4 S-Cross Spied Testing; Expected Launch  Price  Feature Details
Kerala plans body to converge actions on public health challengesKerala plans body to converge actions on public health challenges
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 28:  
The Congress-led UDF Government in Kerala has proposed a new initiative for addressing social and technical issues related to all major health challenges of the state.
Inaugurating a national symposium on ‘Public Health Intervention — The Need for Convergence’ here, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the Government was in the early stages of formulating the initiative —— ‘Public Health Protection Agency’ — which primarily aims at bringing convergent actions to address the public health challenges of the state.
Though Kerala had made remarkable achievements in health sector, the public health in the State was facing so many challenges, he said.
“In spite of large-scale intervention, epidemics during the monsoon season are a regular feature which have increased in recent years,” Chandy pointed out.
Among the communicable diseases, vector-borne diseases such as dengue fever, chickungunya, malaria along with leptospirosis are becoming a major health concern for the State, he said.
The occasional outbreak of water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea, hepatitis, and enteric fever are also creating problems, he said.
Due to better global connections of the State, many newer emerging diseases and preparedness for managing these are also a challenge for the State, he said.
Re-emergence of vaccine preventable diseases and health issues due to large-scale migration of labourers from other States are the new hurdles, the Chief Minister said.
In addition to the communicable disease burden, high prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, heart disease, cancers, mental health disorders, elderly population and road accidents make the health situation in Kerala more complex, he added.
The issues faced by the sector on a long-term basis and in a sustainable manner, convergence of activities of various departments and inter-sectoral coordination was very important, he said, adding, the new initiative was to address these challenges.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Big bikes are in actionUpdated: October 27, 2014 00:59 IST
Big bikes are in action
G. Balachandar
Tweet
The Hindu
The market for these bikes in India has been seeing a steady rise over the last two years with almost every global brand joining the luxury bike bandwagon with the launch of their products.
TOPICS
automobile
They combine signature looks with brute power and speed. Every man fantasises about them and every girl may want her man to own one of them.
Welcome to the world of luxury bikes or super bikes which seem to be finally accelerating into the next gear in India.Brands such as Harley Davidson, Triumph, Kawasaki, Hyosung and Royal Enfield are seeing a rush of young, affluent Indians into their showrooms as appetite to own such snazzy bikes is on the rise in the second largest two wheeler market in the world.
Expensive price tags on these machines (the government slaps heavy duty on these imported bikes) don’t seem to be a deterrent. There is a 75 per cent customs duty on imported bikes (completely built units) with above 800 cc engine capacity. However, global brands are also investing in completely knocked down (CKD) kits assembly facilities to attract lower duties and offer products at cheaper prices. Under CKD mode, companies can import the bikes in parts and assemble the same in local unit.
The market for these bikes in India has been seeing a steady rise over the last two years with almost every global brand joining the luxury bike bandwagon with the launch of their products. These bikes (above 250cc) are sold in the price range from a couple of lakhs to about Rs.30 lakh.
During the first half of the current fiscal, volumes in the above 250 cc segment grew by 80 per cent to 1.59 lakh units (accounting for about three per cent of overall motorcycle volumes in India) when compared with 88,200 units in the year-ago period. Sales of above 500 cc bikes reported a stunning growth with volumes zooming to 5,271 units from 1,359 a year-ago.
“The above 250cc segment has two distinct categories of bikes: sports and cruiser. Both these categories are currently dotted by a large number of models at varied price points. While sports bikes include Kawasaki Ninja, Bajaj KTM Duke, besides several models from the stable of Honda, Yamaha and Suzuki, the cruiser bikes category is populated by models from the stable of Royal Enfield and Harley-Davidson,” says Subrata Ray, Group Vice President – Corporate Ratings, Icra.
Harley and Royal Enfield dominate their respective segments and continue to record significant growth in their bike sales. These two account for bulk of the volumes.
Harley and Triumph
US-headquartered Harley-Davidson, which sells bikes in above-500 cc categories, accounted for 44 per cent of volumes in the 500cc plus segment with sales of 2,307 bikes during April-September 2014 (it sold 902 units a year-ago). Its products are priced in the range of Rs.4.1 lakh to Rs.29 lakh.
British luxury bike brand Triumph, which forayed into the Indian market with the launch of 10 models about a year ago, is also making rapid progress. The company, which is also having an aggressive play in the 500cc plus category, sold 720 units during the first half of this fiscal. The company has secured leadership position in the 800-1000 cc super bike market after pushing Harley-Davidson to second place. Of the 11 Triumph models, eight are assembled locally and sold in the domestic market.
“Triumph bikes are priced in the range of Rs.6.8 lakh to Rs.24 lakh. As we offer quite a vast range of bikes, we are seeing customers in the age group from 25 years and going up to 50 or 60 years. Since Triumph is an iconic British brand, many old people have nostalgic memories with it,” says Sterling James Bhaskar of Harbour City Motors, which sells Triumph bikes in Chennai.
While the western brands continue to dominate the above 500cc segment, Kawasaki is the only Asian brand that has been able to make its presence felt in the category.
Royal Enfield
Royal Enfield, among the world’s oldest motorcycle brands, is the leader in the mid-size (above 250cc to 650 cc) of super bike market. With a record growth of 78 per cent, the company’s sales stood at 1.53 lakh units during first half of this fiscal. Royal Enfield’s product line-up includes the Bullet, Classic and Thunderbird models in both 350 and 500cc displacements and the recently introduced Continental GT 535cc café racer, a big hit in its segment.
DSK Motowheels, which has just tied-up with Italian super bike brand Beneli, has also been making strong inroads in the mid-size super bike segment through Hyosung brand of premium bikes.
Premium bike retailing requires some special training and skills as customers would know more about the bikes. Unlike mass segment bikes, these premium products are positioned on performance attributes, says Jai Auto’s D. Ranganathan, who is retailing Bajaj, KTM and Kawasaki bikes in Tamil Nadu.
People in the age group of 30-35 are flocking his dealerships for buying premium bikes. “In the next 5-6 years, we see the sport bike category having strong appeal in the overall bike market,” he adds. While the buyers in the segment are not necessarily affected much by inflation, good economic growth and spate of new launches are likely boost the sales further in the coming months.
balachandar.g@thehindu.co.in

A Herculean challengeUpdated: October 27, 2014 00:59 IST
A Herculean challenge
weather news
The process of relief and rehabilitation in the devastated north coastal districts of Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram in Andhra Pradesh has just begun. The challenges seem huge. Even the extent of damage from cyclone ‘Hudhud,’ which knocked out the region two weeks ago has not been fully assessed. Prime Minister Narendra Modi made an aerial survey, visited the ravaged port city of Visakhapatnam and announced an interim relief of Rs.1,000 crore. Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu camped in Vizag for the first few days to ensure that rescue and relief operations were launched swiftly. He has ensured that within three days, power supply was restored in Vizag city. The neighbouring towns too got back their supply within a week. By October 31, power supply should be fully functional in the affected areas. Temporary shelters have been provided to lakhs of people rendered homeless. Essential commodities were rushed, and free rations distributed. Considering the extent of devastation, caused entirely by nature’s fury, the people have also been very understanding. But their patience cannot be taken for granted. The rehabilitation process has to move forward to tackle the major problems of housing and livelihood, and both these challenges cannot be easily overcome.
Mr. Naidu has appealed to the people, philanthropists and corporate India to contribute generously to this massive exercise to rebuild not just Vizag, but also the entire region that still remains vulnerable to cyclones. Given the fact that Andhra Pradesh faces a huge revenue deficit of about Rs.16,000 crore, and still suffers from the pangs of what he calls “unscientific bifurcation,” rehabilitation has to be a multi-pronged effort. The Centre, State, trade and industry, and philanthropy — including from the expatriate community — should join hands to make this happen. Rehabilitation should look at housing, infrastructure, restoration of livelihood, attending to the damage to industrial infrastructure — especially the major public sector undertakings in and around Vizag — and create durable assets. The funds will have to be used to create infrastructure that can stand up to such severe cyclones so that these exercises do not become a recurring feature. The assessment of damage to the PSUs such as the steel plant, and to the naval facilities has been completed, and the Central and State authorities are taking up the unenviable task of evaluating the devastation caused to the agriculture sector. Compensation to farmers and a time-bound plan to restore the livelihood of both farmers and fisher folk demand priority. The Northeast monsoon has just begun and the government has to be watchful to prevent any further calamity in this region.

Mobile tariffs may rise after next spectrum auctionMobile tariffs may rise after next spectrum auction
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 18:20 IST
Mobile tariffs are likely to go up after the airwave auction due in February 2015 as the industry is reeling under debt, telecom industry body Cellular Operators' Association of India (COAI) said in New Delhi.
"The debt burden in the sector is huge. It is already around Rs 250,000 crore and a part of it accrued after the last spectrum auction in Feb 2014. If the airwaves are sold in the upcoming auction in February 2015 at the reserve price mentioned by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), then there will be additional debt burden of Rs 40,000-50,000 crore on the telecom sector," Rajan S. Mathews, director general, COAI told IANS.
"This cost will have to be borne by the consumers finally," he added.
He said the tariff "will surely go up" but it is difficult to give an estimate by what percentage the tariff may go up.
The TRAI on October 15 recommended around 10 per cent hike in the reserve price for 1800 MHz band spectrum auction over the last winning price in the February 2014 sale.
"In the 900 MHz band, only the spectrum held by them is available for the auction. These licensees will have to win back this spectrum to ensure business continuity in a licence service area (LSA); if they don't, it places the large investment made in the LSAs in jeopardy," the TRAI said earlier.
It has set a reserve price of Rs.3,004 crore per mega hertz for bandwidth to be auctioned in 18 service areas for the more efficient 900 Mhz band and Rs 2,138 crore per mega hertz for the 1800 Mhz band.
In the 1800 MHz band, 20 circles are going for auction, while in the 900 Mhz band, 18 circles will be up for sale.
TRAI said: "1.2 MHz spectrum in 900 MHz band should be taken back from BSNL from all the LSAs where licences expire in 2015-16 except in Punjab."
The revenue target set by the government in 2014-15 Budget from spectrum auction is Rs 45,471 crore. In 2013-14, the auction generated Rs 40,847 crore.
In Feb 2014, in a 10-day auction of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, the government mopped up Rs 61,162 crore.

Modi trapped unaware Shashi Tharoor in Swach Bharat Abhiyan  stunt : CongE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indiabulls Housing Finance s profit up 21% to Rs 448 cr in Q2E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple  Shanghaied© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/292ec168-5a48-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Court asks Kerala police to explain crime of Swiss national who attended MaoistmeetPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:57 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:55 pm
The return of Swiss national Jonathan Baud, who is facing a case in Kerala on charges of attending a meeting to commemorate a suspected Maoist leader, would be further delayed. Baud is already overstaying in the country after his tourist visa had expired on September 16.
On Tuesday, the high court, which is hearing his petition to quash the FIR registered for violation of visa conditions, posted the case to November 6 for further argument.
After watching the video of his address in the meeting and going through the Malayalam translation of it, the court had observed that there was nothing objectionable in the speech that demands framing of the offence under section 14 (b) of the foreigners act. Judge P Ubaid had asked the prosecution to explain which condition of the visa regulations has the foreign national had violated.
On Tuesday, prosecution reiterated the argument that Baud had been on a tourist visa, and attending a political meeting was an offence under the law. It said Baud could not be considered as an innocent participant considering the fact that he had gone to the meeting held in a relatively unknown place in Kerala. That he tried to keep away from camera in the function shows that he was aware of the implications of attending the meeting, argued the prosecution.
Baud was arrested on July 28 after he attended the meeting held to commemorate Maoist leader Sinoj in his village Triprayar in Thrissur. After staying in judicial custody for 12 days, he was released on bail. Since then, he has been waiting to get the FIR quashed.
Baud’s counsel P Raveendranath said the police could not still pinpoint the offence against him. The police had earlier told the court that Baud had made a 15-minute speech at the meeting. After watching the video, it was clear that his address confined to mere self-introduction. There was nothing incriminating in the case diary also which was presented in the court on Tuesday. This is going to be a case of miscarriage of justice, said Raveendranath.
Director-General of Prosecutions T Asif Ali told The Indian Express that the government would have been very lenient towards Baud if Swiss Embassy would have approached the state for quashing the prosecution proceedings.
“Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had given an assurance to that effect to the Embassy officials. Instead, the Swiss youth is fighting his case alone. In fact, the Embassy has backed out from one of the conditions of the bail that it would give an undertaking in the court to the effect that Baud would be produced before the investigating officer whenever required. The Embassy has not so far furnished the undertaking. Baud, who is already overstaying, has failed to meet that bail condition, ’’ said Asif Ali.

No sewage will be allowed to drain into GangaNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 01:47 IST
No sewage will be allowed to drain into Ganga
Gargi Parsai
Sewage water flowing into the Ganga in Patna. File photo: Ranjeet Kumar
TOPICS
environmental issues
Immersion of ashes not to be allowed along the banks of the river
The government on Monday decided to clean in situ 144 open drains carrying sewage along with industrial effluents into the river Ganga as part of its plan to clean up the river system and allow eco-flows.
At the same time it has been decided not to allow immersion of ashes (from cremation) at the shallow end along the banks of the river. Even flowers and coconut offerings in the river shall be trapped through a mesh and recycled for making ‘holi’ colours and composts by those making a livelihood off the river.
From now on, no sewage drainage system will be allowed to have an outlet into the river at any point along its flow, States have been told. A Ganga Vahini comprising ex-servicemen and NGOs will be constituted on the lines of the Red Cross at select locations along the river to keep vigil.
River Front Management for development and beautification of ghats will be undertaken for seven towns, including Kedarnath, Haridwar, Kanpur, Varanasi, Allahabad, Patna and Delhi. More towns will be identified later.
Programmes for afforestation, conservation of flora and of aquatic life are being initiated. The budget allocation for the project is about Rs. 2,000 crore.
These crucial decisions were taken in the fourth meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority — the first after the body was transferred to the Ministry of Water Resources and Ganga Rejuvenation. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the Chairman of the Authority with Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti as the vice-chairperson.
The meeting chaired by Ms. Bharti, was attended among others by Uttrakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat and the Irrigation Ministers of West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Poll-bound Jharkhand was unrepresented as the model code of conduct has been imposed there. Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari, Prakash Javadekar, Piyush Goyal and Sripad Naik also participated in the deliberations.
“We made these crucial proposals which were cleared by the authority. The implementation will begin right away and results of the short-term decisions will show in 45 days,” Ms. Bharti told journalists after the meeting.

Rupee Weakens Against Dollar By 8 PaiseRupee Weakens Against Dollar By 8 Paise
Sensex recovers 81 points in early tradeSensex recovers 81 points in early trade
14 rock groups to kick off South Asian band fest in Delhi next month14 rock groups to kick off South Asian band fest in Delhi next month
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Delhi’s historic Purana Qila will resound with the music of bands from Afghanistan, Bhutan, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh among 14 rock groups from the SAARC next month.
The 8th edition of South Asian Bands Festival, from November 7–9, is being presented by Ministry of External Affairs, Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) and Seher.
This year, the festival features performance by Alobo Naga and The Band (ANB) from Dimapur, Nagaland, formed in 2010, Pakistani singing sensation Zebunissa Bangash, who recently made her foray into Bollywood with her hit tracks in films like Madras Café and Highway, as also a band from France (a guest country) called ‘Success’ .
This time, the electronic-rock band formed by film music composer Vishal Dadlani, called “Pentagram”, an official release said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Assocham suggests recipe for AP growthAssocham suggests recipe for AP growth
M Somasekhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The residuary Andhra Pradesh State has attracted a total outstanding investments worth about Rs 8.2 lakh crore as on March 31, 2014. While the power sector attracted 28 per cent, manufacturing (other than food processing) got 18 per cent, infrastructure (17 per cent) and refinery (12 per cent).
According to a study by the ASSOCHAM, mining (8 per cent), irrigation (7 per cent), construction and real estate (4 per cent) and information technology and electronics (2 per cent) are other sectors with significant share.
In terms of ownership, private sector (both Indian and foreign) accounts for almost 65 per cent of the total investments attracted, with domestic private sector garnering lion’s share of about 62 per cent. The Central Government accounts for over 21 per cent share while 13 per cent is the share of State.
"Andhra Pradesh paints a grim picture vis-à-vis implementation of investment projects as over 49 per cent projects have remained non-starter as of these about 28.5 per cent projects are in announcement stage while implementation of about seven per cent projects has been stalled and there is no information about projects comprising 13.5 per cent share in total outstanding investments," the Chambers pointed out.
The major reasons for tardy implementation are land acquisition delays, fund constraints, delay in environmental and other clearances along with law and order problems, the Assocham noted.
The Assocham has suggested a wide range of strategies for different sectors to transform AP’s economy in the strategic study paper. These include agriculture reforms, promoting the cultivation of horticulture, floriculture, medicinal herbs and plants; transforming dairy farmers into entrepreneurs to make value addition; setting up solar parks and wind turbine generators; revival of inland waterways; providing long-term finance to marginal, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs).
A world-class hub airport at Vijayawada with required convenience, connectivity and network needs to be developed. An inland container depot with all logistics facilities needs to be set up near Hyderabad and linked to Machilipatnam port (to be modernised) with a ten-lane road network.
AP should set up the Maritime Board as a nodal agency to boost each of the identified natural ports alongside the state’s 1,000 kilometers long coastline and entrust this job to the private sector, thereby taking a cue from Gujarat on the Western Coast which has been successful in such a venture. Promoted food processing, IT and ITeS, health tourism and education based clusters on both sides of the proposed Vizag-Chennai Industrial Corridor.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Centre hopeful of U.P. sugar mills start cane crushing soonCentre hopeful of U.P. sugar mills start cane crushing soon
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Amid private Uttar Pradesh sugar mills’ threat to shut operations this season, the Centre today said millers would eventually start their factories though crushing operations may get delayed by 10-15 days.
Few months back, private sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh — the country’s second biggest producer — threatened not to open their mills in the current 2014-15 season (October-September) till the state government links cane prices with sugar rates.
Mills were forced to issue suspension notice as they suffered huge losses during last season on account of high cane prices fixed by the state and lower realisation from sugar sales.
“There is no way that UP sugar mills will remain shut for long. My reading is that all mills will run. But they may start 10-15 days late,” Food Secretary Sudhir Kumar told PTI.
Kumar said that mills do not have any option but to run their mills as they cannot shift to other business, while farmers can easily shift to some other crops.
However, the Secretary clarified that this is the matter between the state government and UP millers, and the Centre does not have much role to play.
On likely impact on the country’s sugar production due to delay in crushing operation in UP, he said, “It is too early to say. Let the crushing begin. We will assess it at the end of the season.”
Meanwhile, Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA) Director General Avinash Verma said: “UP sugar mills have taken one step forward and have agreed to start maintenance activity which should take 40-45 days.”
“However, they would wait for a mechanism or a policy that determines sugarcane price in relation to revenue generation before start of the crushing operations, so that they are in a position to pay cane price on time,” he said.
The UP sugar industry has shown confidence in the state government that a rational cane price formula would be announced and the industry would pray that the state should not fix the cane price, he added.
Crushing operation in western UP normally begins from October 15 and five days later in other parts the state.
According to industry estimates, sugarcane arrears in Uttar Pradesh have come down to Rs 2,400 crore now from Rs 7,500 crore at the end of March this year.
Sugar production for this season is pegged at 25-25.5 million tonnes, against 24.3 million tonnes last year.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading firm; up 52 pointsSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Devendra Fadnavis to be named Chief Minister in a fewhoursDevendra Fadnavis with Om Mathur and Rajnath Singh after the selection of CM of Maharashtra at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:40 pm
The BJP legislature party met at the Vidhan Bhawan here on Tuesday and elected Devendra Fadnavis as its chief ministerial candidate, the first from the BJP in Maharashtra. Senior leader Eknath Khadse proposed the BJP state chief’s name which was seconded by Vinod Tawde in the presence of Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda.
The 121 newly elected BJP MLAs then trooped into the Vidhan Bhawan for a meeting of BJP legislature party. The swearing in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 31 is expected to be the grandest in the state’s history.
On Monday, the name of BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis emerged on top will most of the MLAs backing him. Despite the week-long power tussle, the party central leadership was adamant on seeing Fadnavis take over as CM.
Some other BJP leaders aspiring to be CM were learnt to be lobbying in Delhi and among MLAs in Maharashtra. Supporters of Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition in the dissolved Assembly, tried to project him as deserving of the chief minister’s post.
Fadnavis’s name is expected to be announced after 4pm. The central leadership will hold discussions with individuals to elicit their views on who should lead the party.
The swearing-in ceremony was postponed from October 30 to October 31 to make adjustments with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s schedule.
The party has invited chief ministers of all BJP-ruled states at Wankhede Stadium, which can accommodate 40,000 people. There will be who’s who from across the spectrum attending the swearing-in ceremony. Mumbai BJP chief Ashish Shelar, along with a team of party workers, oversaw preparations, including security measures and sending of invitations to prominent personalities.
Party sources said Bollywood stars, corporate czars, top politicians from across parties, musicians, singers, members from right wing organisations to common man from Vidarbha, Marathawada, North Maharashtra, Western Maharashtra and Konkan will be present. The party is inviting its estranged ally in the state, Shiv Sena.
Four stages are being constructed at the stadium for the event.  Union ministers from Maharashtra, Prakash Javadekar, Nitin Gadkari and  Raosaheb Danve will attend the function.

CPM in Kasargode district observes bandh against murder ofactivistPrint
Written by Shaju Philip , Reported by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:23 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 1:24 pm
CPI (M) in Kasargode district is observing a dawn-to-dusk hartal in protest against the murder of its activist on Monday evening.
CPI (M) activist P Murali, 37, was stabbed to death by a four-member gang at Seethangoli in the district. Police said while Murali was pillion-riding, the gang waylaid his two-wheeler and stabbed him several times. He later died in a hospital. The assailants had tried to attack his friend Manjunath, but he escaped unhurt.
Murali had been one of the alleged accused in the murder of a BJP worker Dayanad in 2001. But, trial court had acquitted him. However, Murali had faced attempt on life twice in the past.
CPI (M) district leadership alleged that BJP was behind the murder, but that party refuted the charge.
Police have beefed up security in the area.

Work on laying road to Dhanushkodi beginsUpdated: October 28, 2014 13:52 IST
Work on laying road to Dhanushkodi begins
D. J. Walter Scott
Tweet
THE HINDU
In this file photo, pilgrims travel by a four-wheeler from Muhuntharayar Chathiram to Dhanushkodi. A road will be laid within 18 months.
Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has awarded the Rs. 25-crore project to a local contractor
The rough jeep rides on a sandy stretch to Dhanushkodi, the eastern end of Rameswaram, could become a thing of the past as work started on Monday to pave a road to the pilgrim centre, which was devastated in the 1964 cyclonic storm.
For devout Hindus, pilgrimage to Rameswaram is not complete without a visit to Dhanuskodi, considered Aathi Sethu (the arrow head). The five-km road from Muhuntharayar Chathiram will be ready in 18 months.
One year after sanctioning funds, the Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has awarded the Rs. 25-crore project to a local contractor to be executed on an engineering, procurement and construction basis, sources told The Hindu.
The private company, which is expected to sign an agreement with the Ministry in a week, has started the spade work of levelling and surveying. “We have commenced the preliminary work, and we are confident of completing the project within the 18-month [gestation] period,” sources in the company said.
The contractor has to design the project, procure materials and execute it. Though the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras prepared a design last year itself, the company will prepare its own design and get it approved by the IIT, the sources said.
The National Highways obtained the design from the IIT last year because the Ministry, when the Congress-led UPA was in power, questioned the need for a road, arguing that it might not withstand erosion from tidal action. The IIT’s Department of Ocean Engineering suggested that Gabion boxes, to a height of 2.5 metres, be placed on both sides of the road and a geo-textile layer placed in the inner side of the boxes to avoid seawater ingress and protect the road from tidal action.

Lupin net at Rs630 crore; stock slipsLupin net at Rs630 crore; stock slips
Happy New Year : Collection Drops on Monday  But Beats  Kick  and  Bang BangHappy New Year : Collection Drops on Monday  But Beats  Kick  and  Bang Bang
Assocham for promoting value addition in agri to develop APAssocham for promoting value addition in agri to develop AP
Sensex sluggish; power  oil trade lowerHi Guest
Sensex gains 128 points ahead of Fed meet; Ranbaxy up 6%
Benchmark share indices ended higher on Tuesday, ahead of the two-day US Federal Reserve Open Market Committee meet, led by pharma shares after better-than-expected second quarter earnings from Lupin and Ranbaxy boosted sentiment. The 30-share Sensex ended up 128 points at 26,881 and the 50-share Nifty ended up 36 points at 8,028. In the broader market, BSE Mid cap Index ended flat while BSE Small cap gained around 0.7%. Market breadth ended positive with 1,507 advances against 1,372 declines.

Rate expectations change faster than dataRate expectations change faster than the data
Robin Harding in Washington and Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fe95e22-5493-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola alarm meets its match in New YorkEbola alarm meets its match in New York
Gary Silverman and Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72b64d00-5b98-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cuomo backs down on NY Ebola ordersCuomo backs down on NY Ebola orders
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c089314-5d2f-11e4-873e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fears grow over QEs toxic legacyFears grow over QE’s toxic legacy
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aad9b71c-4d83-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil: stuck in the valleys© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3ee3e622-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar struggles as soft data push yields lower  Fed awaitedYen benefits from falling oil prices; commodity currencies slide
By Masayuki Kitano and Ian Chua, Reuters
8
Commodity currencies extended their recent losses, with the Australian dollar setting a four-year low, while the Canadian dollar hit a five-year trough versus the U.S. dollar.
Against the yen, the greenback fell 0.4 percent to 120.25 yen , pulling further away from a seven-year high of 121.86 yen set on Monday. The yen also rose versus the euro, which shed 0.5 percent to around 148.02 yen .
0
The dollar may retreat further versus the yen in the near term due to the potential for more position squaring in the wake of its recent rally, said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
"The size of volatility in the dollar's moves versus the yen has become quite stark," Murata said, adding that choppy trading conditions could persist toward the year-end.
"I think we may even see levels around 119.50 yen or so today," he said.
The dollar's rise to a seven-year high on Monday marked a gain of about 11 percent versus the yen after the Bank of Japan expanded its monetary stimulus at the end of October.
Commodity currencies remained under pressure, with the Australian dollar touching a four-year low at one point and last trading at $0.8241 , down 0.7 percent on the day.
The Canadian dollar slipped to as low as C$1.1501  versus the U.S. dollar earlier on Tuesday, its lowest level since July 2009, as oil prices hit five-year lows.
Market participants said the U.S. dollar remained supported by expectations for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates some time next year.
Earlier on Tuesday, the dollar had gained a lift from a Wall Street Journal report saying that Fed officials are seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a "considerable time", when the Fed issues its policy statement next week.
The Fed's policy meeting takes place on Dec. 16-17.
Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar edged up 0.1 percent to 89.104 <.DXY>. On Monday the dollar index had set a five-year high at 89.55.
The euro held steady at about $1.2313 , staying above a two-year low of $1.2247 set on Monday.
Investors were likely to remain wary of buying the common currency amid speculation that the European Central Bank (ECB) was poised to ease policy further early next year.
Executive Board member Benoit Coeure kept those expectations alive on Monday, saying policymakers last week agreed unanimously to assess how and when to react to downward inflation risks in early 2015, and that they could then change their asset buying plans.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 in India  prices it at Rs 1 649E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil rises on claims of Saudi supply cutOil rises on claims of Saudi supply cut
By Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12d74400-5acd-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deflation fear underpins oil-equity link© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c52c1528-5a72-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Low-birth weight and diabetes are linked: CCMB studyAbout 40-45 per cent of children born in India are having a birth weight of less than 2.5 kg
Hyderabad, Oct 28:  
Children who are born with low birth weight are prone to diabetes and heart related ailments when they grow up.
This has been established by a research study undertaken jointly by Giriraj R Chandak, Senior Scientist at the Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), with a group of Pune-based researchers including CS Yajnik.
Announcing this at a press conference here on Tuesday, Ch Mohan Rao, Director of CCMB, said the findings of the study were a result of 20 years of research and had important implications.
"Indian women have inadequate levels of vitamin B12 which is causing the trouble. They should be given B12 along with generally prescribed folic acid during the pregnancy, " he said.
Chandak said mother's nutrition plays a vital role in child's health.
"About 40-45 per cent of children born in India are having a birth weight of less than 2.5 kg," he added. Further research is on in various other aspects.
AXIS FORMATION
In another study done by CCMB scientist, Rakesh K Mishra, on process of body axis formation and diversity in animals, it was shown that the expression of anterior and posterior genes is vital for axis formation.
These findings show that while the posterior gene determines the identity, the anterior gene is essential for the growth and formation of the organ.
"These findings are relevant in understanding of cancer," the CCMB director said.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Hotelier close to Sharad Pawar found hanging in hotelHotelier close to Sharad Pawar found hanging in hotel
Devendra Fadnavis to be named Maharashtra chief minister in a fewhoursDevendra Fadnavis with Om Mathur and Rajnath Singh after the selection of CM of Maharashtra at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:40 pm
The BJP legislature party met at the Vidhan Bhawan here on Tuesday and elected Devendra Fadnavis as its chief ministerial candidate, the first from the BJP in Maharashtra. Senior leader Eknath Khadse proposed the BJP state chief’s name which was seconded by Vinod Tawde in the presence of Union Home minister Rajnath Singh and party general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda.
The 121 newly elected BJP MLAs then trooped into the Vidhan Bhawan for a meeting of BJP legislature party. The swearing in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 31 is expected to be the grandest in the state’s history.
On Monday, the name of BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis emerged on top will most of the MLAs backing him. Despite the week-long power tussle, the party central leadership was adamant on seeing Fadnavis take over as CM.
Some other BJP leaders aspiring to be CM were learnt to be lobbying in Delhi and among MLAs in Maharashtra. Supporters of Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition in the dissolved Assembly, tried to project him as deserving of the chief minister’s post.
Fadnavis’s name is expected to be announced after 4pm. The central leadership will hold discussions with individuals to elicit their views on who should lead the party.
The swearing-in ceremony was postponed from October 30 to October 31 to make adjustments with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s schedule.
The party has invited chief ministers of all BJP-ruled states at Wankhede Stadium, which can accommodate 40,000 people. There will be who’s who from across the spectrum attending the swearing-in ceremony. Mumbai BJP chief Ashish Shelar, along with a team of party workers, oversaw preparations, including security measures and sending of invitations to prominent personalities.
Party sources said Bollywood stars, corporate czars, top politicians from across parties, musicians, singers, members from right wing organisations to common man from Vidarbha, Marathawada, North Maharashtra, Western Maharashtra and Konkan will be present. The party is inviting its estranged ally in the state, Shiv Sena.
Four stages are being constructed at the stadium for the event.  Union ministers from Maharashtra, Prakash Javadekar, Nitin Gadkari and  Raosaheb Danve will attend the function.

Indian share markets remain buoyantIndian share markets remain buoyant
Is India s stock market truly nationalHi Guest
Is India's stock market truly national?
Image: Bollywood actress Kajal Agarwal attends the Muhurat Trading session at the Bombay Stock Exchange. Photograph, courtesy: BSE Our stock exchanges no longer belong to one state or one community, says N Sundaresha Subramanian. Two events in the past few days have put a disturbing question into my head: Is our stock market truly national?  The first, was the Maharashtra state election, held on October 15. The second one came a week later. More on that later.  The announcement ...

Ranbaxy turns corner  Q2 net at Rs 478 cr; OPM up 1770 bpsRanbaxy turns corner  Q2 net at Rs 478 cr; OPM up 1770 bps
Bafna Pharmaceuticals announces change inc ompany secretaryBafna Pharmaceuticals announces change inc ompany secretary
Ola to raise USD 210 mn from SoftBank  other investorsOla to raise USD 210 mn from SoftBank  other investors
Huawei Honor 6 Review: ImpressivePrint
The Huawei Honor 6 is a good buy at Rs 19,990.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: November 11, 2014 6:17 pm
It seems Chinese telecom equipment manufacturer, Huawei, has finally got a break in the price sensitive Indian smartphone market with its flagship Honor 6 smartphone. Huawei had launched its Honor 6 smartphone on Flipkart on October 6 and stated that the handset has generated faster sales than any of its predecessors in the country. Also, the company has been trying to make the Indian consumers realise that it is the third largest smartphone brand in the world and it should be honoured for that. But then should we honour it? We check out.
Quick specs: 5-inch Full HD display (445 ppi) | 1.3 GHz octa-core Hi Silicon Kirin 920 processor | 3 GB RAM | 16 GB internal memory (up to 64 GB expandable) | 13 MP rear camera | 5 MP front camera| Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS | Emotion 2.3 UI | 4G ready | 3100 mAh battery
Price: Rs 19,990 (Earphones are not included)
Design: It’s a good looking smartphone. The overall look of the phone seems to be inspired by the older iPhones, however, Huawei has taken care to pay attention to minor detailing. The glass back and plastic sides may give an impression that the device is frail but the third generation Corning Glass protection assures strength. The build quality is good and the device feels solid in hands.
Display: Sharp and crisp. The 5-inch Full HD screen does its best. The viewing angles are decent. The display performs well under sunlight as well. Users shouldn’t have any complains with the display quality of the smartphone.
Performance: Huawei Honor 6 promises a lot on paper and it even delivers. An octa-core processor with 3 GB RAM is enough to attract any smartphone buyer. But the hardware does a good job in the most demanding situations. I did not encounter any sort of lags. Also, the phone doesn’t heat up much.
Software: The device runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system and is sugar-coated with Huawei’s Emotion 2.3 UI. Overall, the experience is good and the UI offers some handy customisations as well.
Camera: The 13 MP rear camera is decent if not great. However, there is certain amount of noise in the images even in good lighting conditions. The front 5 MP camera produced surprisingly good results. Overall, it is fast, colours are nearly accurate and average users shouldn’t have much to complain.
Storage: The device offers 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 11 GB is available. The memory can be further expanded up to 64 GB via microSD card.
Battery: Excellent battery life at this price. The smartphone will easily last up to two days in normal usage. I was using 3G along with WiFi, played few HD games and the device lasted for over 32 hours even at maximum brightness. Battery life is one of the areas that will even impress the power users.
Connectivity: The smartphone supports 4G networks. In front of connectivity, I witnessed no issues at all.
Verdict: In the Rs 20,000 range, the Huawei Honor 6 is a good buy. Users will be impressed with the design, performance and battery life of the device.

Back to buying  retail investors up holding in 190 top firmsBack to buying, retail investors up holding in 190 top firms
Meera Siva
Favour realty, bank and infra stocks
October 26, 2014:  
If Foreign Institutional Investors led the market charge before the general elections, it is retail investors who have been more bullish after the polls. Retail investors raised their holdings in 190 of 360 leading companies between end-June and end-September, based on the latest data on shareholding patterns.
This is in contrast to the trend during the September 2013 to June 2014 period, when retail investors reduced their holding in three out of five companies. “Many investors used the earlier rally to sell and are now regretting it,” says V Nagappan, Advisory Committee Member at Madras Stock Exchange.
Pick realty, bank, infra stocks
Retail investors loaded up on sectors such as real estate and banking that were expected to benefit from falling interest rates. Sobha Developers and Indiabulls Real Estate, for instance, saw their retail holdings rise by 0.5 percentage point and 1.9 percentage points respectively over the last quarter. Among the banking stocks, retail holdings in Dena Bank and Canara Bank climbed by 1 percentage point.
Sectors such as infrastructure and power generation continued to attract retail buyers, betting on economic revival. Retail investors shored up stakes in infrastructure majors such as GMR, Jaypee, Torrent Power and Tata Power. Nagappan says small investors are looking for value buys and feel these stocks are ‘cheap’.
However, retail investors seem to have tired of defensive large-cap holdings in IT and pharmaceutical stocks. So, while they reduced exposure to Cadila Healthcare and Cipla, they picked up Strides Arcolabs and Ipca Labs.
The mid-cap flavour was also in evidence in the IT sector, with retail investors stocking up on Mphasis and Geometric even as they pruned holding in Infosys, Wipro and Tech Mahindra.
Contra view to FIIs
In sharp contrast, FIIs cut holdings in sectors such as realty, infrastructure and banks. In the infrastructure sector, they reduced their position in five out of the six companies that retail investors bought. Even in many individual stocks, their views differed. In around 100 companies, retail investors bought shares while FIIs liquidated their holdings over the September quarter.
The overall stakes held by retail investors in the listed stocks inched up from 5.7 per cent to 5.8 per cent over the quarter ended September 30, 2014. With retail investors also betting big on equity mutual funds, their mutual fund holdings in the market went up from 3.5 per cent to 3.7 per cent.
“Contrary to our expectation, retail investors did not come in a big way” says S Venkateswaran, Partner at Maconochie, a stock broking firm. “But those who are on the sidelines waiting for a correction could enter in the next two quarters”.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Inequalities and the Ebola crisisUpdated: October 27, 2014 01:04 IST
Inequalities and the Ebola crisis
Nissim Mannathukkaren
health
The response to Ebola, which has killed nearly 5,000 Africans but only two western citizens, cannot be colour coded anymore. For the future, we cannot but raise questions about the structural inequalities that prevent accessible health care for the global poor, and societies that eliminate these inequalities
The principle upon which the fight against disease should be based is the creation of a robust body; but not the creation of a robust body by the artistic work of a doctor upon a weak organism; rather, the creation of a robust body with the work of the whole collectivity, upon the entire social collectivity. — Che Guevara
The photograph in August this year, of a very weak, 10-year-old Saah Exco, suspected of having contracted Ebola, sitting naked on a bucket and fighting to stay alive while residents of a slum in Monrovia, Liberia, milled around him, terrified of helping him, might go on to win Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer John Moore another prize. But that’s irrelevant in what is unfolding as a devastating tragedy in Africa. Moore’s and others’ pictures can only show us a glimpse of that tragedy. They do not show that Exco’s mother and brother had died earlier, or that he himself would die later.
The popular media in America and the rest of the western world, which, until recently, was busy dealing with the horrors of beheadings perpetrated by “medieval barbarians,” and other “horrors” in the form of nude photographs of celebrities being leaked online on a daily basis, was suddenly forced to confront another horror. One that was silently brewing for many months in those parts of the world which appear in the western consciousness only through Hollywood blockbusters. And this it was forced to do so only once the first Ebola death happened on American soil.
Global apathy
Nevertheless, the response to the crisis has been on expected lines. The entire discourse surrounding Ebola in the West is about quarantining itself against “those” poor Africans entering “our” space, bringing deadly viruses with them. Look at the discussion surrounding Thomas Duncan, the Liberian man, the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in America, in September. Social media was rife with opinion that he had deliberately come to America to infect others. The state authorities in America, before his death, were even considering filing criminal charges against him for intentionally exposing the public to the virus! Airports in North America have begun screening passengers travelling from affected areas and the governments are on high alert for any eventuality.
“The response of developing nations such as India, China, and Brazil — all of which want Africa as a business partner — has not been any better than that of the West.”
Of course, it is only natural that people are concerned about their own safety and lives. But what is shocking is that the concern for one’s own self is also accompanied by a complete apathy towards the distant other. Otherwise, how can we explain the response to what the World Health Organization (WHO) calls the “unparalleled” health crisis in modern times? Canadian journalist Geoffrey York who has covered wars and disasters, from the Gulf War to tsunamis, reported from Liberia that “nothing is quite like Ebola,” a feeling reinforced by photographs: stricken mothers slumped on pavements with their infants on their laps, the dead lying on roads, people pleading with health workers to touch the bodies of their loved ones.
Piecemeal solutions
These gut-wrenching pictures resemble nothing short of a scene of a war-ravaged zone, except that the tragic difference here, unprecedentedly, is that one cannot even help the dying or grieve for the dead. Yet, the international community has only “failed miserably,” as the World Bank president would admit. The reported response of developing nations like India, China, and Brazil — all of which want Africa as a business partner — has not been any better than that of the West either (the shining exception has been that of the tiny nation of Cuba, contributing, as in all global health crises, far beyond its means).
The overriding concern with protecting oneself, other than producing an apathetic response, has also led to the prescribing of piecemeal solutions which will only perpetuate such tragedies in the future while hiding serious questions about the root cause of the crisis — structural inequalities in global health. While solutions like a global health fund for emergencies prescribed by the World Bank president will save lives, they will not eliminate the root causes that produce periodic crises.
Worlds apart
Inequalities are at the heart of the Ebola crisis. Ebolas are produced in a world in which the United States spends $8,362 annually per person on health while Eritrea (Africa) spends $12. It is the same world in which the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries which constitute a mere 18 per cent of the world’s population spend 84 per cent of the total money spent on health in the world. Thus, unsurprisingly, 95 per cent of tuberculosis deaths and 99 per cent of maternal mortality are in the developing world.
And these inequalities are not only between the developed and the developing worlds, but also exist within the developed world as the health indicators of African Americans and indigenous people in North America show. In the city of London, it is estimated that while travelling on the tube eastwards from Westminster, each tube station signifies the loss of approximately one year of life expectancy.
It is not an accident that Ebola’s epicentre is in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone. They are some of the poorest countries in the world with a history of wars and conflicts, and of collapsing or dysfunctional health systems. Liberia has only 51 doctors to serve 4.2 million people and Sierra Leone, 136 for six million.
Inequalities mark every step of the current outbreak. Questions are being asked about the initial tardy hospital treatment given to Duncan and whether his race and class had anything to do with it — here was an African man without medical insurance seeking emergency medical help in the most privatised and corporatised medical system in the West. That his nine-day treatment cost $5,00,000 (Rs.3 crore) should tell us something about the state of global health care.
When American missionaries Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol were infected with Ebola in Liberia, the American government had them airlifted — isolated in an “aeromedical biological containment system” — and had them successfully treated in the U.S. Contrast this with the 22-year-old Liberian woman and nurse-in-training, Fatu Kekula, who was forced to look after four of her Ebola-stricken family members at home using trash bags as protective gear after hospitals turned her away.
While a patient brought from Africa to a state-of-the-art facility in Germany was treated in an isolation ward equipped with three different air locks (even when Ebola is not believed to be transmitted by air) and by doctors and nurses wearing hazmat suits with their own oxygen supplies, the efforts to quarantine the West Point slum in Monrovia failed completely, after it erupted in riots.
Order and planning mark the western intervention, but chaos reigns in the centre of the outbreak. If an entire building near Paris was cordoned off and quarantined on the mere suspicion of a person having Ebola-like symptoms, in Liberia, the police had to fire at a mob which had closed down an isolation ward and even looted contaminated material as they believed Ebola to be a hoax.
Focus on priorities
Such conditions of absolute deprivation and desperation are fawned by socio-economic inequalities. Is it not astonishing that a deadly virus like Ebola does not have a cure despite the fact that it has been around for 40 years? The answer lies, as the WHO Director-General emphasises, in the fact that diseases that afflict only some poorer and darker nations of the world are not a priority for the global pharmaceutical industry. The latter’s market is a $300-billion behemoth of which a third is controlled by 10 drug companies only — six in the U.S. and four in Europe.
Ebola also raises serious questions about the priorities of the global super powers. America has until now seen Ebola only as a potential weapon of bioterror. It has already spent $1.1 billion in the military campaign against IS (a monster produced by American imperialism), while the Ebola outbreak which requires at least $1 billion has got a third of it in actual paid donations from all the nations. Again, this is unsurprising, considering that the annual world military expenditure is $1.75 trillion while its health expenditure is only $6.5 trillion.
Under globalisation, the empire also unwittingly strikes back. Thus the epicentre of the latest Ebola outbreak lies in the former French colonies, posing new threats to its former colonial master, France, by people travelling to it from them. Similarly, Duncan grew up next to a colony of leprosy patients, fled Liberia during the civil war, lived in refugee camps across Africa and finally brought Ebola to America. Such are the ironies of our deeply divided but interconnected world.
In the immediate, the response to Ebola, which has killed 4,922 Africans but only two western citizens, cannot be colour coded anymore. For the future, we cannot but raise questions about the structural inequalities that prevent accessible health care for the global poor, and societies that eliminate these inequalities. Do questions such as why does it cost $1 billion to develop a drug in America, while Cuba achieves the same health indicators as America by spending 40 times less on health, and what makes all celebrities and others across the globe, who only a month ago were dumping ice buckets on their heads, raising $100 million for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, turn silent as Ebola continues to surge ahead have answers?
(Nissim Mannathukkaren is with Dalhousie University, Canada. E-mail: nmannathukkaren@dal.ca)

Investing: Handle junk bonds with care0
Companies with poor credit ratings issue junk bonds, so yields tend to be larger than those of Treasuries and other low-risk debt. In recent years, though, investor demand for junk has pushed up prices and slashed yields (bond prices move opposite to yield). In fact, the average junk bond recently paid out only 5.8 percent, well below the long-term average of 9.5 percent.
Given such low yields, the chances of a junk-bond pullback are rising. As a result, financial advisers are singing a cautious tune. Holding some junk bonds makes sense because of their fatter interest payments and because they should hold up better than lower-paying, high-quality bonds once yields start rising in earnest. But signs of a faltering economy or a stock market correction (a drop in share prices of 10 percent to 20 percent) could cause junk debt to reel.
Lou Stanasolovich, of Legend Financial Advisors, in Pittsburgh, recommends that his clients keep 3 percent to 8 percent of their portfolios in junk bonds. One good choice: Osterweis Strategic Income fund (symbol OSTIX). Although Osterweis, a member of the Kiplinger 25, can own any type of bond, it currently has 90 percent of its assets in junk. Comanager Carl Kaufman says he's selective about what he buys. "We own a lot of companies that aren't investment-grade but that aren't bad companies," he says. Hertz Global Holdings is one example. This year, the rental car giant announced that it will have to restate as many as three years of results because of an accounting error, and that 2014 profits will be lower than expected. But Kaufman believes the challenges Hertz faces are temporary.
Strategic Income is also positioned to combat rising rates. Its average duration, a measure of interest-rate sensitivity, is about 2 years, compared with a little more than 4 years for a broad benchmark of junk bonds. Year to date, the fund has returned 3.4 percent. It yields 3.4 percent, and annual expenses are 0.85 percent.
For another option, check out Vanguard High-Yield Corporate (VWEHX). The fund doesn't gamble on the highest-yielding (and therefore highest-risk) bonds; more than half of the portfolio is in debt rated BB, the best rating for junk. This approach can help minimize losses. So far this year, the fund has returned 5.0 percent, and it yields 4.3 percent. Its annual expense ratio is a low 0.23 percent.
(Carolyn Bigda is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Bigg Boss 8: Here s what happened over the weekendCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Preparations in place to deal with Cyclone Nilofer: Gujarat CMPreparations in place to deal with Cyclone Nilofer: Gujarat CM
A gold trader with BJP links  a hotelier and miner  a member of a storied business familyBy: Express News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 8:01 am
Pankaj Lodhiya
Pankaj Lodhiya,  44, the Rajkot-based bullion trader whose name figured in the Centre’s black money affidavit, has his office, Shreeji Trading Company, on Bhupendra Road in the city. The office was shut on Monday — Diwali festivities end only on Labh Pancham, which is on Tuesday.
Lodhiya expressed shock at his name appearing in the affidavit: “I am shocked to hear this.  I don’t have any account in Swiss banks. Everything is in the (account) books. I will reply to queries by the prosecution. I was among those who congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he took up the campaign against black money, and I am sure that I will come out clean on this. If any account is found, I am ready to surrender whatever money is deposited to the Government of India.”
His father, Chamanlal Lodhiya, is close to local BJP leaders. According to information made public by the Association for Democratic Reforms on Monday, the BJP’s donations report for 2011-12 lists Rs 51,000 from the elder Lodhiya.
Pankaj Lodhiya, who did not complete his commerce degree, entered the bullion trading industry around 15 years ago, and is now the chief supplier of gold to Rajkot’s huge jewelley industry.
Shreeji Group has interests in diamond, gold and silver jewellery, as well as realty. It has branches in Ahmedabad, Delhi, Jaipur, Raipur, Indore and Bangalore. According to the group website, the company is associated with London Bullion Market Association, an international association. Shreeji Ornaments Pvt Ltd, another group company, markets jewellery under the brand Tatva.
The I-T department had raided Lodhiya’s home around a year and a half ago, but not many details about the operation were reported.
Radha Timblo
Radha Satish Timblo, named in the Centre’s affidavit to the Supreme Court for allegedly stashing black money abroad, is a member of the Timblo family in Goa that operates mines and owns the 5-star Cicade de Goa resort at Vainguinim Beach.
The family’s name has earlier appeared in connection with an alleged illegality involving the transfer of a mining lease that was originally granted to Badrudin Mavani, an individual.
The Supreme Court’s central empowered committee looking into illegal mining in Goa alleged in its interim report that the ownership of the mining lease was illegally taken over by the Timblo family using a power of attorney. The concession had been granted to an individual, but had been operated as a partnership firm, in which Radha Timblo was a minority partner and Timblo Pvt Ltd held the majority.
According to election watchdog Association for Democratic Reforms, Timblo Pvt Ltd donated Rs 1.18 crore to the BJP, and Rs 65 lakh to the Congress over the seven-year period between 2004-05 and 2011-12.
As per details made available by ADR on Monday, Timblo Pvt Ltd made nine donations ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 25 lakh to the BJP, and three — of Rs 30 lakh, Rs 25 lakh and Rs 10 continued…

Coal India price pooling under consideration: Coal secyCoal India price pooling under consideration, says Coal secretary SK Srivastava
IANS     Kolkata   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 09:07 IST
Photo: Reuters
The proposal to pool prices of imported and domestic coal for supply to power plants commissioned after 2009 is under consideration of the government, a senior official said on Monday.
"We keep on analysing and reviewing the pros and cons of the issue and then we will come to a decision," Coal Secretary SK Srivastava told reporters in Kolkata.
As per the proposal, state miner Coal India (CIL) will buy imported coal and supply it to power plants after blending with and pooling its price with domestic coal to meet the current fuel shortage.
The proposal was earlier shelved during the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) rule, as most state electricity boards opposed it fearing increase in power tariffs.
Meanwhile, in yet another directive against Coal India for abusing its dominant position, fair trade watchdog - the Competition Commission of India (CCI)on Monday asked the company to cease and desist from unfair business practices.
CCI, which last year imposed a penalty of Rs.1,773.05 crore on Coal India for indulging in unfair business practices, passed two fresh orders on different complaints pertaining to anti-competitive practices in an e-auction scheme and fuel supply pacts, respectively.
"Such arrangement in the scheme was noted to be a result of market power exercised by CIL and its subsidiaries," the Commission said regarding the spot e-auction scheme 2007.
The CCI held CIL and its subsidiaries in contravention of the legal provisions for imposing unfair conditions in Fuel Supply Agreements (FSAs) with the power producers for supply of non-coking coal, the corporate affairs ministry said in a statement here.
The case was instituted by Sai Wardha Power Company against CIL and its subsidiary Western Coalfields in respect of cost plus mines, it added.

In biggest single ecommerce investment  Snapdeal gets Rs 3 762 cr from Softbank GroupE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Commodities as a pump primer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6cd6fe6-5a95-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan s SoftBank to invest Rs 60 000 crore in IndiaJapan s SoftBank to invest Rs 60 000 crore in India
Matra Kaushal Enterprise announces appointment of directorMatra Kaushal Enterprise announces appointment of director
The Nifty call: Sell in ralliesBL Research Bureau:  
Nifty October Futures (8,016)
The Nifty futures contract opened on a positive note at 8,010, and continues to remain in the positive territory after marking an intra-day low at 8,003. But the contract is witnessing selling pressure at higher levels. A failure to rally above 8,030 will be a cue for initiating fresh short position with a stop-loss at 8,035 levels. The contract can test its support at 8,000 levels. A fall below this support level will reinforce selling pressure and drag the contract further down to 7,977 and then to 7,950 levels. Next key support is pegged at 7,930 levels.
To reinforce the bullish momentum, the contract needs to rally above 8,050 levels. Key resistance beyond this level is at 8,075.
Strategy: Sell the contract in rallies with a stop-loss at 8,035 levels.
Supports: 8,000 and 7,977
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Infosys aspires to be bellwether of Indian IT industry again: SikkaInfosys aspires to be bellwether of Indian IT industry again: Sikka
Google marks centenary of Jonas Salk who developed polio vaccineGoogle marks centenary of Jonas Salk who developed polio vaccine
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 28:  
Marking the 100th birth anniversary of Jonas Salk, the man behind the polio vaccine, Google on Tuesday came out with a doodle on its home page.
Born on October 18, 1914, the American researcher and virologist was a part of a team working on a vaccine against polio in 1942. Salk later went on to head the Virus Research Lab at the University of Pittsburgh by 1947 and began preliminary testing of the polio vaccine in 1952.
Salk was able to identify three different polio viruses, which helped him develop a vaccine to combat the disease. It was in 1955 that the vaccine was declared a success.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

GP workers continue strike as negotiations failUpdated: October 28, 2014 14:11 IST
GP workers continue strike as negotiations fail
Kumar Buradikatti
Tweet
Hundreds of gram panchayat workers, who launched an indefinite demonstration outside the Zilla Panchayat here on Monday, continued their agitation on Tuesday as the negotiations between the workers’ representatives and the chief executive officer (CEO) failed.
The panchayat workers have been agitating under the aegis of the Karnataka State Gram Panchayat Employees’ Association that is affiliated to the Centre of India Trade Unions.
The workers said that they would continue the strike till the authorities concerned came forward with concrete assurances to address all their demands. “The CEO did not positively respond to our demands. We are left with no option but to continue agitation,” said Amaresh Kannal from CITU.
Mr. Kannal said that based on the Supreme Court order, the state government had termed all appointments made by Gram Panchayat without prior-approval from Zilla Panchayat since 1994 as illegal and issued an order in this regard. The move was likely to render 50,000 workers jobless. Owing to workers’ resistance, the government withdrew its order and decided to regularise their services. “However, the workers have been deprived of their legitimate promotion opportunities as the fresh order denies retrospective service seniority since 1994,” he pointed out and demanded the government to recognise the service of all workers from the date of their appointment.
No payments
Some workers said that 70 per cent of 1,600 workers under 165 gram panchayats in the district were not paid wages for the last 30 months. They also alleged that labour laws, including Minimum Wages Act 1948, were not being followed in gram panchayats.

Govt unveils e-tool for kin of deceased abroadGovt unveils e-tool for kin of deceased abroad
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
With a view to helping the relatives and friends of those deceased abroad, the Union Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs (MOIA) has launched a tool on the Ministry’s website www.moia.gov.in .
“It also helps in tracking the status of the application. All the District Collectors have been asked to publicise this facility in their respective districts,” an official of the Andhra Pradesh Government said on Tuesday.
This online module will help the kin to apply online for transportation of mortal remains of the deceased emigrant in any of the ECR (Emigration Check Required) countries. The application will be directed to the Indian Missions in the country for processing and initiate measures to transport the mortal remains to India.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Allied ICD Services certified as authorised operatorAllied ICD Services certified as authorised operator
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 28:  
Allied ICD Services Ltd, an Inland Container Depot based in Durgapur, West Bengal, was certified as an ‘Authorised Economic Operator’ (AEO) on October 22 by the Indian Customs.
An Authorised Economic Operator or AEO is involved in the international movement of goods approved by a national Customs administration and which complies with the WCO SAFE Framework of Standards or equivalent supply chain security standards.
According to Pramod Kumar Srivastava, Director and CEO of Allied ICD, this is an achievement for the company.
“The inland port is equipped with modern infrastructure and we strive to achieve the highest standards of security to meet customer expectations,” he was quoted as per a release issued by the company.
Authorised Economic Operators have a special status as they enjoy various benefits in Customs processes, import, export and physical surveillance.
ICD Durgapur was inaugurated in 2006 with the idea of decongesting ports in West Bengal. It has a capacity of carrying 5,000 containers per month.
Allied ICD Services Ltd is a part of ‘The PDP Group’ which provides door-to-door logistics service.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Telangana govt tells farmers to grow crops that require less waterTelangana govt tells farmers to grow crops that require less water
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Telangana Government has asked farmers to go for crops that require less water. It wanted them to shun paddy this season, keeping in view the unfavourable weather conditions.
State Agriculture Minister Pocharam Srinivasa Reddy and Principal Secretary Poonam Malakondaiah held a review meeting on Tuesday with officials to take stock of the kharif crop and to discuss the rabi plan.
The meeting also discussed the losses caused by the untimely rains last week and measures to be taken to help farmers sell cotton.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Telangana issues GO on Shaadi Mubarak schemeTelangana issues GO on Shaadi Mubarak scheme
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Telangana Government has issued a Government order, announcing a financial assistance of Rs 51,000 to the poor minority families for the wedding of their daughters. Brides, whose family income doesn’t exceed Rs 2 lakh, will be eligible to receive the assistance from the Government.
The Order said that the families can get the money in advance, if their applications are submitted before one month of the wedding day.
The other eligibility criteria are that the brides should be above 18 years of age and residents of Telangana.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Ranbaxy returns to profit in Q2 on robust volumesHi Guest
Ranbaxy returns to profit in Q2 on robust volumes
Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories on Monday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore (Rs 4.77 billion)for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on account of robust sales. The company had posted a net loss after tax, minority interest and share in loss of associates of Rs 454.16 crore (Rs 4.54 billion) for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a filing to BSE. Consolidated net sales of the company stood at Rs 3,218 crore (Rs 32.18 billion) for ...

Adani taps MStanley to help sell Australia port stakeAdani taps MStanley to help sell Australia port stake
Govt. formation in Delhi: AAP  Congress fire salvos at BJPGovt. formation in Delhi: AAP  Congress fire salvos at BJP
IndiaOnline.in launches unique  City Portals  for 350 cities of IndiaIndiaOnline.in launches unique  City Portals  for 350 cities of India
Capturing the glitz and glamour of the six-day fashion fiestaYou are here » Home » India Couture Week 2014
India Couture Week 2014
In a first of sorts, clothes took a backseat and jewelled accessories like necklaces, bracelets and earrings took centrestage as the curtains came down on India couture week on Sunday.
Jul
Inspired by the desire to capture moments of beauty and make them timeless, keeping in mind the modern  Indian bride, Manish Malhotra presented a collection titled ‘Potraits’ on the
Jul
Day two of the ongoing India couture week saw collections by two designers who stuck to their roots.  While Rina Dhaka translated traditional gota patti work into ethno-modern silhouettes
Jul
Replicating the interiors of a vintage luxury train, the stage was set for Sabyasachi’s Ferozabad collection that kicked off Fashion Design Council of India’s (FDCI) India couture week on Tuesday
FC NEWSLETTER
Stay informed on our latest news!
E-mail: *
William D. Green
Chairman & CEO, Accenture

Bringing you full coverage of the PM s jam-packed schedule in the USYou are here » Home » Modi in US
Modi in US
It is time to set a new agenda in Indo-US ties: Modi and Obama
By PTI
Terming the Indo-US relationship as "robust, reliable and enduring", Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama today said the true potential of the ties was yet to be
Sep
BlackRock to host global investors meet in India next year
By PTI
World's largest asset manager Blackrock will host a global investors meet in India next year, CEO Laurence Flik conveyed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
With total asset under management
PM meets top US CEOs; pitches India story,lists priority areas
By PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Once-banned Modi woos diaspora at giant New York rally
By Reuters
In a glitzy show of lights, lasers and slogans, prime minister Narendra Modi delivered a triumphal address to tens of thousands of Indian-Americans and US dignitaries in New York on
Sep
Modi uses concert to invoke youth power, send peace message
By R Srividhya
If he played the drums in Japan, it was a rock concert in New York that Prime Minister Modi chose to connect to the youth in the US during his
Sep
Why G-5, G-20 and so on? asks Modi, Let's have G-All
By PTI
Known for his flair for catchy punchlines, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today coined a new term 'G-All' at the United Nations.
Modi mooted this while articulating the need for the
UN not the forum to raise Kashmir issue: Modi
By R Srividhya
India was keen on bilateral talks with Pakistan without the shadow of terrorism, as long as Pakistan creates the appropriate environment, the Prime Minister Mr Modi. The Kashmir issue

Himachal Futuristic CommunicationCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

MCX market share jumps to 86%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Financial Technologies shares hit new low  bounce backE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

6 ideas on how to build and protect company culture0
• Jack Keenan , managing director of Chicago-based commercial real estate firm JLL Inc., on considering culture as startups expand into new space:
I’ve seen young companies spend way too much money on their space because they wanted to project a certain type of image. But when they were the happiest and most creative, they were in an old loft someplace sweating it out working in less-than-ideal conditions and furniture, but they were in the trenches fighting. So you need your space ultimately to fit the mentality and culture of what you do.
• Desiree Rogers , CEO of Johnson Publishing Co., which owns the Ebony and Jet magazine brands and Fashion Fair Cosmetics, on leading through change:
Transitions require patience. People need to feel that the leader knows directionally where we’re going. It's not what was done before, so every day that you can stay on that same path and build that next brick going forward, the more buy-in, the more understanding, the more people will come together and start thinking about ideas to build the next brick together. That's where you get the momentum, and I think in 2014 that's where we are.
• Thomas Parkinson , co-founder, CTO and senior VP of Skokie-based grocery delivery company Peapod, on building a Chicago “Propulsion Lab” for its technical team:
It’s about getting all the technical people away from the slightly more bureaucratic scene. I’m trying to get it like the early days where things moved really quickly and give more independence to the group. I walk in there and I feel like I’m at the old Peapod.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Xiaomi promises peace of mind for Indian users with local data centresE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bilawal Bhutto booed during Kashmir  Million March  in UKPrint
PPP's leader Bilawal Bhutto.
By: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 27, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 6:30 pm
A protest march by a UK-based pro-Pakistan group on the Kashmir issue in the heart of London today fizzled out as barely a few hundred protesters gathered to wave placards and flags.
The so-called ‘Million March’ from Trafalgar Square to Downing Street descended into chaos as Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) chairperson Bilawal Bhutto Zardari stepped on to the makeshift stage to speak.
The crowd began booing and throwing empty plastic bottles and refused to let him speak.
“This march was to be about Kashmir and for the welfare of Kashmiris. Bilawal has no business being here,” said a group of angry protesters who had travelled from Derby in the East Midlands region of England.
The march was led by Barrister Sultan Mahmood Chaudhry, referred to as a former prime minister of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK), and was supported by Mirpuri-origin British parliamentarian Lord Nazir Ahmed of Rotherham.
While the group had claimed overwhelming support from various communities for the march, others had dismissed it as against the “national interest of the people of Jammu and Kashmir”.
A counter-protest held by a rival group on Sunday ended with memorandums submitted for the prime ministers of India and Pakistan at their high commissions here.
The memorandums urged both India and Pakistan to “respect the fundamental human rights of all citizens of Jammu and Kashmir”.

Mutual Funds exposure to bank stocks drops to Rs 55 398 cr in SeptE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money row: Three named deny wrongdoingNEW DELHI: The three people who were named in the central government's affidavit submitted to the Supreme Court over black money stashed abroad denied either holding any foreign bank account or having any illegal account.
Dabur Group dubs govt move 'unfortunate'
The Dabur Group termed it as 'extremely unfortunate' that the Narendra Modi-led government has named one of its former executives, Pradip Burman, in the list of people having money in safe havens abroad to the Supreme Court, saying every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush.
"Account was opened when he (Pradip Burman) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account. Followed all laws and complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily filed with the IT Dept and appropriate taxes paid," said the statement issued by the Dabur Group.
"Unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush," the statement added.
The Centre today revealed the names of three people having black money stashed abroad in its affidavit to the apex court.
Pradip Burman, former Director of Dabur group, Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, a Rajkot based bullion trader and Radha S Timbola, a Goa based miner, reportedly feature in the much awaited list.
The three business persons have been charged under various sections of the Income Tax Act and Money Laundering Act.
The ruling BJP had raised the issue of black money during the campaigning for the 2014 Lok Sabha and repeatedly questioned the stand of the former Congress-led UPA regime.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team, headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had parked USD 462 billion in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Earlier, the government had told the apex court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as it this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
There were murmurs of protest within the ruling BJP that not disclosing names would hurt the party's image after it had made bringing back black money, a key issue in a general election that it won by a landslide. The Centre's stand also drew a strong response from the Congress, which accused it of hypocrisy.
Turning the tables on the Congress, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the disclosing of names of people holding black money accounts will embarrass the opposition party.
Will have to study govt affidavit first: Timblo
Goan mining magnate Radha S. Timblo, who is among the three individuals accused by the Centre of stashing black money in Swiss banks, said that she needs to study the government's affidavit to the apex court before commenting.
"I will have to study the affidavit first," she said when asked for her comment, and added that she will give her reaction to the Supreme Court.
Timblo, runs Timblo Pvt. Ltd from Goa, one of the many mining companies accused of carrying out illegal mining by the Justice M. B. Shah commission, which exposed a Rs. 35,000 crore illegal mining scam in the state.
Timblo, along with Dabur's Pradip Burman and Rajkot-based builder Pankaj Lodhia has been named by the central government in its affidavit for having black money stashed abroad.
Don't have foreign bank account: Lodhiya
Bullion trader and jeweller Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya on Monday denied having a Swiss bank account and any possession of black money, stating that he had already declared his assets to the Income Tax department.
"I don't have any Swiss bank accounts. I was on holiday and I received the news via the media myself. I do not know how my name came to be on that list because I have already declared all my assets," Lodhiya told ANI.
"I had already declared my possessions to the income tax department, and I am going to reply to the government on this allegation," he added. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Brussels warns Cameron over 2.1bn billBrussels warns David Cameron over €2.1bn bill payment
Alex Barker and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/983d76fa-5de3-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trade negotiators should own up to their ambitionOctober 27, 2014 5:58 pm
Transatlantic trade negotiators should own up to their ambition
Pascal Lamy
Consumers fear the transatlantic pact will cost them their safeguards, writes Pascal Lamy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d69d4496-5a07-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mobile Payment Wars Heat Upmobile payment wars heat up
Govt to set up new process to appoint state bank officialsGovernment to set up new process to appoint state bank officials
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 12:08 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
The government decided late on Monday to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks, as part of its efforts to fix a distressed banking system that is hampering the economy's recovery from its longest slowdown in years.
As a result, eight posts of bank chiefs and 14 posts of their deputies will fall vacant and have to be filled up "de novo", the finance ministry said in a statement, without giving further details.
The move comes months after an investigation began into whether the head of state-controlled Syndicate Bank took bribes to roll over a loan to family-controlled Bhushan Steel .
The investigation not only raised broader concerns about weak oversight, corruption and politically directed lending at state banks, but also brought into focus irregularities in appointments at the banks.
In its wake, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration set up a panel, which also included Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan, to examine the process adopted this fiscal year for appointing top management at state banks.
Stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - currently amount to about 10 per cent of all loans, making banks circumspect over lending. Fitch Ratings expects stressed assets to reach 14 per cent of loans by March next year.
While a sluggish economy is the main reason for a rise in distressed assets, an RBI report in August also blamed lending to certain "excessively leveraged" groups.

Madison Square explores breakup© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40427f5e-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India ranks 114 out of 142 nations on WEF s Gender Gap ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Woman trampled to death while posing for a photo with an elephant in KeralaOne of NP Jayan’s photographs at the exhibition
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:05 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 11:44 am
A woman tourist from Gujarat was trampled to death while trying to pose for a photograph with an elephant at Kerala’s hill station Munnar on Monday evening.
Police identified the victim as Dipali, 27, wife of Rinkesh. The family hails from Rajpipla city in Narmada district in Gujarat. The woman, a school teacher, met with the tragic end in front of her husband and four year old son. They were among 14-member tourists from Gujarat.
Quoting eye witnesses, police said Dipali and others were posing for photographs with the elephant, used for safari. While standing near the elephant, she was hit by its trunk and fell down in between the animal legs. A worried Dipali tried to get up, but got under the leg of the elephant in the presence of the other members of the tour group.
She was rushed to a nearby hospital, but died later. The body would be flown to Gujarat by noon.

CME eyes Korea Exchange stakeCME eyes Korea Exchange stake
Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e73226a-5e5a-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nokias transformation is winning plauditsNokia hopes it is on cusp of its greatest transformation yet
Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd15db4e-5b9c-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Court asks Kerala police to explain crime of Swiss national who attended Maoist meetPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:57 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:55 pm
The return of Swiss national Jonathan Baud, who is facing a case in Kerala on charges of attending a meeting to commemorate a suspected Maoist leader, would be further delayed. Baud is already overstaying in the country after his tourist visa had expired on September 16.
On Tuesday, the high court, which is hearing his petition to quash the FIR registered for violation of visa conditions, posted the case to November 6 for further argument.
After watching the video of his address in the meeting and going through the Malayalam translation of it, the court had observed that there was nothing objectionable in the speech that demands framing of the offence under section 14 (b) of the foreigners act. Judge P Ubaid had asked the prosecution to explain which condition of the visa regulations has the foreign national had violated.
On Tuesday, prosecution reiterated the argument that Baud had been on a tourist visa, and attending a political meeting was an offence under the law. It said Baud could not be considered as an innocent participant considering the fact that he had gone to the meeting held in a relatively unknown place in Kerala. That he tried to keep away from camera in the function shows that he was aware of the implications of attending the meeting, argued the prosecution.
Baud was arrested on July 28 after he attended the meeting held to commemorate Maoist leader Sinoj in his village Triprayar in Thrissur. After staying in judicial custody for 12 days, he was released on bail. Since then, he has been waiting to get the FIR quashed.
Baud’s counsel P Raveendranath said the police could not still pinpoint the offence against him. The police had earlier told the court that Baud had made a 15-minute speech at the meeting. After watching the video, it was clear that his address confined to mere self-introduction. There was nothing incriminating in the case diary also which was presented in the court on Tuesday. This is going to be a case of miscarriage of justice, said Raveendranath.
Director-General of Prosecutions T Asif Ali told The Indian Express that the government would have been very lenient towards Baud if Swiss Embassy would have approached the state for quashing the prosecution proceedings.
“Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had given an assurance to that effect to the Embassy officials. Instead, the Swiss youth is fighting his case alone. In fact, the Embassy has backed out from one of the conditions of the bail that it would give an undertaking in the court to the effect that Baud would be produced before the investigating officer whenever required. The Embassy has not so far furnished the undertaking. Baud, who is already overstaying, has failed to meet that bail condition, ’’ said Asif Ali.

Victoria Beckham named most successful entrepreneur  Amit and Meeta Patel followE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Talks gather pace on sale of Indian patrol vessels toVietnamPrime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung as his wife Tran Thanh Kiem looks on during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
By: Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:41 pm
Talks are gathering pace on the sale of Indian naval patrol vessels to Vietnam, an Indian official said, the first significant military transfer to Hanoi as it improves its defences in the South China Sea where it is embroiled in a territorial dispute with China.
The four patrol ships will be provided to Vietnam under a $100 million defence credit line and represent a push by the nationalist government in New Delhi to counter Beijing’s influence in South Asia by deepening ties with old ally Vietnam.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung held talks with counterpart Narendra Modi on Tuesday, the first meeting since the Indian leader took office in May, promising to turn the country into an economic and military power.
An Indian government official said negotiations for the patrol craft had gathered pace since the credit line was announced last month during the visit of India’s president to Vietnam.
“We expect to see progress on this fairly early as negotiations are continuing between the Vietnamese and our defence suppliers,” the government official involved in discussions said.
Vietnam wants the craft for surveillance off its coast and around its military bases in the Spratly island chain in the South China Sea where it is building a credible naval deterrent to China with Kilo-class submarines from Russia.
Claims by an increasingly assertive China over most of the energy-rich sea have set it directly against U.S. allies Vietnam and the Philippines. Brunei, Taiwan and Malaysia also claim parts of the waters.
Beijing’s placement of an oil rig in disputed waters earlier this year infuriated Vietnam but the coastguard vessels it dispatched to the platform were each time chased off by larger Chinese boats.
Since then, the two sides have sought to repair ties and on Monday, top officials agreed to use an existing border dispute mechanism to find a solution to the territorial dispute.
Dung said Vietnamese defence cooperation with India was the pillar of their strategic partnership.
“During the visit, I am going to discuss with Indian leaders the major directions and concrete measures to promote bilateral cooperation,” he told the Economic Times in response to a question on how he planned to expand security cooperation.
India and Vietnam have a long-standing defence relationship but it has been restricted to military exchanges, training, spares and maintenance of military hardware since both have predominantly Soviet-origin equipment.
Training has moved to a higher gear since Vietnam acquired the diesel-electric Kilo submarines which India has operated since the 1980s.
It has been continued…

Orissa: Sahitya Akademi fellow returns remuneration for literary venture from chit fundfirmPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:38 pm
The chit fund scam in Orissa has claimed a victim in the most unlikeliest of places with noted bilingual writer and Sahitya Akademi fellow Manoj Das returning the remuneration that he received from one of the chit fund firms for a literary venture. After revelations about his receiving Rs 10 lakh as remuneration from chit fund firm Seashore Group over running a Odia magazine for the group, a hurt Das donated the honorarium of Rs 10 lakh he received from the company to the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund (CMRF).
Das was the advisor of Sahitya Patrika, a monthly Oriya magazine and Kishore Patrika, a monthly Oriya magazine for teenagers, published by the Seashore publications division. Das was also in charge of planning the contents of these two magazines for which the company had paid him a monthly honorarium of Rs 1 lakh for some months.
Besides, the company had also paid a monthly honorarium of Rs 5,000 to the assistant of Das for nine months. Das, an Indian award-winning bilingual creative writer who writes in Oriya and English has been an inmate of Sri Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry since 1973.
Recently, a journalist in a local newspaper had raised questions as to how Das received money from a chit fund group. A hurt Das finally wrote a column in anther newspaper refuting the allegations while informing of the donation of the entire honorarium to the CM Relief Fund.

Sensex edges higher again  gains 121 pts; Ranbaxy up 6% after resultsSensex edges higher again  gains 121 pts; Ranbaxy up 6% after results
Zensar launches digital literacy centre in PuneZensar launches digital literacy centre in Pune
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 28:  
Zensar Foundation in partnership with the Pune Municipal Corporation and NASSCOM Foundation has launched the first National Digital Literacy Mission (NDLM) Centre in Pune. This is the second such centre in India.
“This initiative reinforces our support to the Prime Minister’s mission of a digitally literate India, which is aimed at empowering at least one person per household with digital literacy by 2020,” Dr Ganesh Natarajan CEO and Vice-Chairman, Zensar Technologies and Chairman, NASSCOM Foundation, said in a statement.
Shrikant Sinha, COO of NASSCOM Foundation and Head of the NDLM Program added, “Our goal is to mobilise the corporate sector in IT and beyond and are glad to see so many companies coming forward.”
Zensar Foundation’s first NDLM centre opened in Hyderabad in August 2014 and on September 30, 2014, it implemented the first online assessment in India for 41 students. This is the first batch in the country to have gone through the digital literacy assessment held by the National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

AP to cut down on non-plan expenditureAP revenue collection up 14%, to prune non-plan expenditure
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The revenue collection in Andhra Pradesh during first and second quarters of this fiscal year rose by 13.86 per cent to Rs 12,881 crore from Rs11,313 crore over corresponding period last year.
After a review meeting of state finances, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu attributed the jump in revenue to spurt in consumption of home needs and petro products which rose to 20 per cent and 11 per cent respectively. Further, VAT and CST recorded a growth of 4 per cent.
The commercial taxes collections was up 5.96 per cent in Q1 this fiscal at Rs 6,207.41 crore (Rs 5,858.31 crore in Q1 last fiscal). In Q2 the revenue grew 22.35 per cent from Rs 5,454.73 crore to Rs 6,673.83 crore.
The Chief Minister suggested officials could study Tamil Nadu’s excise policy where the government sells liquor and has control over it.
ECONOMY MEASURES
Faced with tough financial situation and growing expenditure, the Andhra Pradesh Government is seeking to adopt economy measures reducing the non-plan expenditure by 20 per cent.
However, this reduction will not lead to any cuts on the necessary expenditure on salaries, professional and contract services, stipend and scholarships.
Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, State Minister for Finance, said in addition to the increase in revenue expenditure, there is substantial increase in Non-Plan expenditure estimated to be Rs 12,700 crore, up Rs 2,700 crore. The expenditure was up 20 per cent at Rs 17,500 crore over same period last year.
In order to keep the process going smoothly, the Finance Minister is keen that the allocations need to be made judiciously by prioritising various issues and keeping in view the revenue deficit and market borrowings. The State is exploring options for resource mobilisation to reduce revenue deficit.
Post the division of Andhra Pradesh, the new State has started with a deficit of Rs 16,000 crore and is now in the process of mobilising funds for the massive crop loan reschedule programme.
COAL RESERVES
A team of consultants would survey the coal reserves found recently in Chintalapudi in Godavari Valley and provide findings to the State within six months. The Chief Minister said once the details would be out, he would write to the Centre to explore the possibility of generating power by utilising the coal deposits.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Lupin Q2 net up 55% at Rs 630 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lupin Q2 net up 55% at Rs 630 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Drug major Lupin today posted a 55.11 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs 630.04 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, driven by robust sales in the US, Japan and the domestic market.
The Mumbai-based company had posted a net profit of Rs 406.18 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal.
Net sales rose to Rs 3,116.81 crore for the second quarter, as against Rs 2,631.46 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal, the company said in a statement.
For the half-year ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 1,254.78 crore, against Rs 807.24 crore in the year-ago period, up by 55.44 per cent.
Net sales for the half year ended September 30 rose to Rs 6,400.76 crore, as compared to Rs 5,052.12 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Commenting on the result, Lupin Managing Director Nilesh Gupta said: “We have had a great first-half driven by strong growth in the US, India, Japan and our API business. Our research pipeline is evolving well and we expect significant developments in the dermatology and inhalation space in the quarters to come“.
Lupin shares were trading at Rs 1,377.55 apiece on the BSE, down 1.18 per cent from its previous close.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

High-level functionary of political partys youth wing arrested in Rs 20 lakh extortionbidPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:58 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:21 pm
The Mizoram Police have arrested a high-ranking political party worker and his accomplice for threatening an Aizawl resident to pay Rs 20 lakhs. The Zoram Nationalist Party has however denied the party’s involvement.
Jacob Lianhuapa (40), currently chief organizer of the ZNP’s youth wing, and Vanlalliana (20), who has been living with Jacob for sometime, were arrested by investigators of the CID (Special Branch) late on Monday night.
Investigators said Jacob first called up S T Khama, a former ponzi scheme collector and one-time independent MLA candidate, on his cellphone in mid-October and asked him to pay their “outfit” Rs 20 lakhs.
Jacob did not identify himself or mention what the “outfit” was, but gave S T Khama a deadline of October 26 to make the payment and said “we will do what needs to be done” if he did not.
Khama informed the police, and the CID (SB) was roped in to investigate. In the meantime, Khama negotiated with Jacob saying he would pay them Rs 3 lakhs first, and an Aizawl hotel was designated a drop-off point.
“The money was delivered on Sunday to the hotel, but the Jacob not pick it up immediately. On Monday he paid a coolie to collect the money and asked him to leave it with an elderly hawker. His accomplice Vanlalliana then picked it up from the hawker in the evening,” said a CID (SB) official.
Plainclothes policemen from the unit immediately tracked him on foot for several hours and eventually arrested Jacob and Vanlalliana on Monday night on a side alley in Aizawl’s Chanmari neighbourhood.
“We have no information that Jacob is connected to a militant group so it is likely he acted for his own benefit. It is unclear if he was doing this as part of party activity,”the investigator said.
Lalmuanpuia Punte, ZNP youth president, denied knowledge of the incident and said, “The ZNP did not in any way ask these men to carry out these activities.”
The Zoram Nationalist party immediately stripped Jacob Lianhuapa of his position as Chief Organizer of the party’s youth wing on Tuesday afternoon, when news of his arrest spread.

Most first-time computer-buyers still preferlaptopsThough smart devices have become the focus of computing today, the market for laptops and PCs isn’t dead yet.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:51 pm
Most technology writers are guilty of focusing too much on smartphones and overlooking the rest of the computing devices in the process. If you read some tech blogs and magazines, you would be forgiven for believing that no one buys laptops any more. In fact, that is far from the truth.
There are millions of desktops and laptops still being sold, though the numbers are declining gradually. While the PC-makers are waiting for that big boom to happen in countries such as India where computer penetration is very low, a lot of first-time buyers in markets such as ours are picking up a smartphone as their first, and often only, computing device. But there is still a large market for PCs, especially in Asia. According to research firm IDC, at 26.6 million units, the Asia-Pacific (ex-Japan) PC market grew 8% compared to the last quarter, though it declined 5% year-on-year in Q3-2014. This was better than forecasts because the election results in India seem to have pushed up retail walk-ins, the research firm said.
India still has among the lowest PC penetrations in the world. If price was a factor for many people to adopt computing here, affordable smartphones and tablets are taking the internet and some amount of computing to the common man. I say “some amount” because a lot of stuff still can’t be done on smart devices. Let’s take the simple example of working on multiple spreadsheets, or even word documents. The task is almost impossible on a smartphone, no matter what the screen size might be, and though achievable, it still remains difficult to carry out on a tablet. Another example is editing and resizing a photo taken from a DSLR; this will stump most affordable tablets in the market. This is where an affordable laptop can be considered valuable.
I recently reviewed an Acer laptop that cost just over R21,000, but gave you a large 15-inch screen, optical drive and a reasonably powered processor. No, it does not have a top-draw Intel Core i3 or i5 processor, but the Intel Celeron that it runs on is good with most tasks and consumes less power. And Acer is not the only company to offer a good laptop in this price bracket. Most of these new breed of really affordable laptops are powered by new low-voltage Pentium or Celeron processors from Intel, or the more affordable AMD processors.
Many first-time computer-buyers still opt for these laptops instead of the smaller 2-in-1 hybrids despite the lure of mobility and, of course, the touchscreen. The 2-in-1 convertible is surely getting better at productivity, but it is still behind what an old trusted laptop offers in terms of functionality. However, what the 2-in-1 gives the consumer is the luxury of choice, something that was not available at this price point earlier. Now, for R20,000, you can decide what kind of a computing device you want—a small, mobile tablet-based convertible device or a large laptop that lets you do everything while compromising a bit on the processing power.
For many, this is a tough decision to make. The best way to get over the problem is to figure out what kind of a user you are. For those who don’t need to do a lot of creative stuff, the 2-in-1 might prove a better option, while for others the laptop makes more sense.
It is a good thing that even at lower price points you now get the Windows OS. Earlier, at a lower price point, you would have been left with a Linux OS that fed the proliferation of pirated software in India. Plus, you now have free open source alternatives for most good, but expensive, software. For college students and young business executives, this mix might prove to be the first steps towards a successful career. Entering the world of computers has never been this easy.

Its an honour when PM tweets my success in WTA doubles: Sania Mirzasport
Fresh from her victory in the prestigious WTA doubles final in Singapore, Sania Mirza says she is delighted to keep winning especially after being named the Brand Ambassador of Telangana.
“Honestly, I felt honoured when Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhara Rao called for a meeting to announce it. It is always a nice feeling when the Head of the State is one of the first to send a congratulatory message,” said Sania at her academy in Murtuzaguda near Chilkur on Tuesday.
“These are the kind of things any athlete looks for and they are big motivators,” she added. “I feel great when people ask me about my Brand Ambassador status and I am glad by winning major titles I am contributing to promoting the image of my newly-formed State,” the two-time Grand Slam winner said.
“The week before I left for WTA, the Chief Minister said he would have meeting soon. I will be glad to discuss a few things which should help our cause,” Sania said. The premier tennis player also lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's interest for sports and the athletes.
“It is a great feeling when the Prime Minister tweets about your success. They are very encouraging gestures. The two times I met him, he was very supportive and showed genuine concern for the welfare of the athletes. When he observed that the whole nation rejoices when athletes like me sweat it out and bring laurels, I was honestly thrilled,” Sania remarked. “The best part is because of the social networking sites, you can connect directly with anyone,” she concluded.

Lloyds Banking Group to cut 9 000 jobs...and
versions
LONDON (AP) — Britain's Lloyds Banking Group said Tuesday it will eliminate 9,000 jobs over the next three years and shut some 200 branches in a bid to improve efficiency.
The group has been partly owned by the British taxpayer since it was rescued during the financial crisis and has been under pressure to cut costs.
Its executives had pledged three years ago to keep its number of branches at a consistent level despite the cuts, but Chief Executive Antonio Horta-Osorio said Tuesday that strategy has now changed.
The closures will impact roughly a tenth of its network of 2,000 branches. The bank said many of the closures would be in town centers where the bank has more than one facility.
Lloyds expects customers to continue shifting to online services and self-service machines instead of having face-to-face contact in branches. It plans to invest 1 billion pounds ($1.61 billion) in digital technology in the next three years.
In a statement, it said the branch cuts would allow it "to operate more efficiently."
Unite union officer Rob MacGregor said executive pay at Lloyds should be cut if customer service suffers and people are forced out their jobs.
"These are deeply unsettling times for Lloyds staff, who after days of speculation and leaks face yet another round of job cuts and a future of uncertainty," he said.
Lloyds finance director George Culmer said the job cuts are "regrettable" and reflect changing customer needs.
The announcements came as the bank reported an improvement in earnings as the broader U.K. economy recovered.
Net interest income, a measure of revenue, increased to 3.03 billion pounds in the third quarter from 2.76 billion pounds a year earlier. It made a net profit of 693 million pounds, up from a loss of 1.3 billion pounds last year, when it was hit by big one-time charges.

Swedish central bank cuts interest rate to 0 pct... 
October 28, 2014 05:19 AM EST | Associated Press
STOCKHOLM (AP) — The Swedish central bank has cut its key interest rate to 0 percent, saying the economy is "relatively strong" but that inflation is too low.
The Riksbank on Tuesday lowered the key interest rate by 0.25 percentage points because it said  the country's monetary policy needs to be "even more expansionary" to achieve the bank's target of 2 percent inflation.
The bank said the interest rate needs to remain at 0 percent until inflation picks up, and did not foresee raising the rate until mid-2016.

Lupin Q2 beats estimates  consolidated profit jumps 55%Lupin Q2 beats estimates  consolidated profit jumps 55%
Tera Software to hold board meetingTera Software to hold board meeting
India Motor Parts stock down; declares dividendIndia Motor Parts stock down; declares dividend
European stocks open higherEuropean stocks open higher
Ola to raise $210m from SoftBank  other investorsOla to raise $210m from SoftBank  other investors
Modi welcomes Vietnamese PMModi welcomes Vietnamese PM
BG feels uncharacteristic earnings fallBG Group reports 29 per cent fall in underlying earnings
Mark Odell and Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e152b3a4-5e7f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samvat 2071 begins on positive noteUpdated: October 24, 2014 00:09 IST
Samvat 2071 begins on positive note
Special Correspondent
Actress Kajal Aggarwal and BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan striking the gong to begin Muhurat trading at BSE in Mumbai, on Thursday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Sensex closes at 26851.05 with a gain of 63.82 points
Welcoming the Hindu calendar year Samvat 2071, stock indices surged ahead on Thursday, as broader indices galloped smartly to gain more than the benchmark indices.
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index closed at 26851.05 with a gain of 63.82 points or 0.24 per cent.
Among broader indices, mid-cap stocks and small-cap stocks gained 0.99 per cent and 1.57 per cent respectively while the BSE 100 was up by 0.30 per cent, BSE 200 gained 0.37 per cent and BSE 500 was up by 0.45 per cent.
All sectoral indices ended in the positive territory with oil & gas gaining the most at 0.67 per cent followed by healthcare (0.59 per cent), FMCG (0.50 per cent) and capital goods (0.46 per cent).
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the 50-share Nifty gained 18.65 points or 0.23 per cent to close at 8014.55.
“Positive global cues and domestic festive mood kept the market buoyant,” said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Destimoney Securities.
“By and large”, he said, “the frontline counters and mid-caps show strength and the Nifty was able to close above the 8000-level. Wipro lost due to unfavourable quarterly results. The positive momentum in the market is expected to continue next week.”
“The market provided more than 25 per cent return between Samvat 2070 and 2071. We expect the market to provide excellent returns in the forthcoming year as well,” Mr. Bandyopadhyay added.

US strikes pound jihadists as Iraq Kurds prepare to join fightPrint
Birds fly as smoke rises over the town of Kobani following airstrikes by the US led coalition seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
By: Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 26, 2014 11:48 am
US-led warplanes have bombarded the Islamic State group with new air strikes as heavily armed Iraqi Kurdish fighters were on Sunday readying to reinforce the besieged Syrian border town of Kobane. Kurdish forces, backed by US air power, have been holding out for weeks against an IS offensive around Kobane, which has become a high-profile symbol of efforts to stop the advance of the jihadists.
The Kurdish regional government in northern Iraq unveiled plans on Friday for up to 200 well-trained peshmerga to join Syrian Kurdish forces defending Kobane in the coming week. Kurdish news agency Rudaw said the first contingent could head to the town as early today, but there was no immediate confirmation of that timetable. Since Turkey conceded to US pressure to allow vetted reinforcements into Kobane to prevent IS winning the prominent battle for the town, the jihadists have made repeated attempts to cut the border before any help can arrive.
People herd a flock of sheep backdropped by the Syrian city of Kobani engulfed in smoke, following airstrikes by the US led coalition on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
Before dawn yesterday, IS fighters hit Kurdish forces defending the Syrian side of the border crossing with mortar and heavy machinegun fire, an AFP correspondent on the Turkish side reported. The heavy mortar fire around the Mursitpinar crossing prompted the Turkish army to order the evacuation of nearby hilltops from where the world’s press has been watching the battle for the town.
The US-led military coalition fighting IS launched 22 air strikes in Iraq and one in Syria on Friday and Saturday, the Pentagon said. Eleven of the bombings in the heavy barrage targeted IS units, buildings, positions and vehicles near Iraq’s strategic Mosul Dam. Kurdish forces backed by US air strikes yesterday retook the town of Zumar northwest of Mosul from IS after weeks of fighting, a senior officer said.
Smoke rises during fighting in Kobani, seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP continued…

UK troops end military operations in Afghanistan s Helmand provinceUK Armed Forces have ended combat operations in Helmand Province, paving the way for the final transfer of security to the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) defense officials said Sunday Oct. 26, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: October 27, 2014 10:26 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:55 pm
Britain has ended combat operations in the Helmand province in Afghanistan, defense officials said Sunday.
They said U.K. troops have witnessed the lowering of the Union flag for the last time at the Camp Bastion complex in Helmand. U.S. and Afghan soldiers also observed the ceremony, which marked the end of operations for the Southwest Regional Command, a U.S. and U.K. coalition operating under NATO’s International Security Assistance Force, British officials said.
Britain’s Prime Minister David Cameron, centre left, meets General Malouk, head of 215 corp in the Helmand province and members of the Afghan army, in Camp Bastion, Afghanistan, Friday, Oct. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
Camp Bastion has been the center of U.K. operations in Afghanistan since 2006. The handover of the base to Afghan control ends an important chapter in the 13-year Afghan campaign, which started after the terrorist attacks on the United States in 2001.
UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said in a statement that the end of combat operations is being announced “with pride” and that Britain has helped give Afghanistan “the best possible chance of a stable future.”
But he told BBC’s Andrew Marr show that there is “no guarantee that Afghanistan is going to be stable and safe.”
Afghanistan’s security forces guard the site of a suicide attack, targeting an Afghanistan’s National Army convoy on the outskirts of Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand province, Afghanistan, Saturday, Oct. 18, 2014. (Source: AP)
He said the mission has succeeded in the sense that Afghanistan is no longer a safe haven for terrorists planning atrocities against Britain and the rest of Europe.
Fallon said Britain’s commitment to support Afghanistan will continue “through institutional development, the Afghan National Army Officer Academy, and development aid.”
Britain plans to withdraw its final combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year and is planning to give Afghan forces control of a base in Kandahar, the country’s second most populous city.
Afghanistan’s National Army soldiers walk beside their vehicles on the outskirts of Lashkar Gah, the capital continued…

Dabur stocks fall 3% after Burman named in black money caseDabur stocks fall over 3 per cent after Pradip Burman named in black money case
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 14:49 IST
Photo: Reuters
The stocks of Dabur India fell sharply by 9 per cent in early trade on Monday after one of its promoters Pradip Burman was named by the government in the affidavit related to black money case filed in the Supreme Court.
In the morning session, Dabur India's shares tumbled 8.98 per cent to Rs 196.40 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
On the NSE too, it slumped 8.94 per cent to Rs 196.55.
However, later the stock recovered some of the lost ground but was still trading 3.50 per cent lower at Rs 208.25 on the BSE at 2:31 pm.
According to the latest shareholding pattern of Dabur, Pradip Burman, who is part of the promoter group, holds 0.02 per cent stake in the company.
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrown FMCG major although he was once a Whole Time Director of Dabur India .
With Pradip Burman being named as an account holder in a foreign bank in the black money issue, Dabur India promoter family, Burmans on Monday said the account complied with all legal requirements.
"We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account," a Dabur spokesperson said in a statement.
"The Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels," the spokesperson added.

Ukraine voters embrace West and peace with rebelsBy: Press Trust of India | Kiev | Posted: October 27, 2014 4:01 pm
Ukraine’s pro-Western and moderately nationalist parties were on course today to score a crushing election win that boosted President Petro Poroshenko’s bid to merge his ex-Soviet country with Europe and end a pro-Russian revolt. A partial vote count and exit polls showed overwhelming support for Poroshenko’s drive to break his nation of 45 million out of Russia’s orbit despite the painful economic measures the Kremlin has levied on its western neighbour in reprisal.
Results with 30 percent of the precincts reporting had Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk’s People’s Front leading with 21.7 percent of the vote. The president’s Petro Poroshenko Bloc was a a hair behind with 21.6 per cent. Many in Kiev and the West blame the six-month uprising that has killed 3,700 on an attempt by Russian President Vladimir Putin to destabilise Ukraine’s new government and create a “frozen conflict” in its vital industrial east.
Parties with links to Moscow or the old Viktor Yanukovych regime that was ousted after his abrupt rejection in February of a landmark EU pact were routed at the ballot boxes yesterday. “I want the war to end and for our country to join the European Union, although I doubt this will happen very soon,” pensioner Bogdan Golobutskiy said as he trudged up to a Kiev polling station yesterday.
Radicals that rejected Poroshenko’s peace deal with the insurgents that gave the separatists limited autonomy also had a poor showing as did corruption-tainted politicians who had steered Ukraine through two decades of stuttering reforms. Analysts said it was almost certain that Poroshenko would now have to share power with Yatsenyuk as premier.
“Voters did not want a monopoly of power in one pair of hands. They voted for a Poroshenko-Yatsenyuk tandem,” said Vadym Karasyov of Kiev’s Institute of Global Strategies. A buoyant Poroshenko told the nation that “more than three quarters of voters who took part in the polls gave strong and irreversible backing to Ukraine’s path to Europe.”
The 49-year-old chocolate baron said a majority also supported his search for “political methods” to end the war in the country’s industrial east. Poroshenko and his slightly more hawkish prime minister are within striking distance of the majority needed to form a stable government that could pursue similar policies to those both back now. Yatsenyuk is widely expected to keep his premiership post and help Ukraine negotiate new loan agreements with the West.

A damp squib  says CongressNEW DELHI, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 11:04 IST
A damp squib, says Congress
National Bureau
The Congress described the government’s disclosure of three names of foreign bank account holders as a “damp squib.” File photo
Questions were raised over why the Centre has disclosed only a few names
The Congress and the Left on Monday criticised the government for promising to name all those who have stashed away black money abroad and eventually coming out with next to nothing.
The Congress described the government’s disclosure of three names of foreign bank account holders as a “damp squib.” Party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi questioned the BJP’s pre-election claims.
“Where are the 55,000 names promised by [Baba] Ramdev? Where are the lakhs and crores of rupees [of black money] that the BJP spoke of for eight months in the run-up to the elections? They haven’t even brought back Rs. 55 so far.”
BJP leaders, including former party president Rajnath Singh, had claimed that the party would bring back black money stashed away in foreign banks within 100 days of forming the government.
The CPI(M) accused the government of being selective with disclosing information. Polit Bureau member Sitaram Yechury said, “The question is after such a big drama and making it an election issue for months, the government is being selective now.”
 

Organisational polls should reinvigorate  rejuvenate the party: RahulGandhiRahul's remarks came as Congress continued to face a trail of defeat and there is a buzz about the possibility of sweeping changes in the party organisation in the near future. (source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:15 pm
On Tuesday Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi said the organisational elections should be utilised to “reinvigorate and rejuvenate” the party following the debacle in the Lok Sabha and Assembly polls.
In his first formal interaction with top party leaders here after the defeat of Congress in Assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana, Gandhi wanted the organisational elections to be “free, fair and transparent” to make the party fighting fit.
He said full powers have been given to the party’s Central Election Authority, headed by Mullapalli Ramchandran, so as to make the exercise truly effective and foolproof.
Rahul’s remarks came as Congress continued to face a trail of defeat and there is a buzz about the possibility of sweeping changes in the party organisation in the near future.
Organisational weakness has been cited one of the major reasons for the debacle of Congress starting from 2010 Assembly elections in Bihar, also in Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh in 2012.
It was one of the factors in the defeat of Congress in this year’s Lok Sabha polls, apart from price rise and perception of corruption, which were attributed as the main factors of party’s poor show.
General secretaries in-charge of states and a number of PCC chiefs besides members of the election authority participated in today’s meeting.
The process for organisational elections in the party has already begun, which would culminate with the election of a new party President next year.
Rahul has been pressing for larger say to grass root workers in the election of party office bearers for long.
Ramchandran, a former Union minister and Chairman of the party’s Central Election Authority, had claimed that Congress will have a “100 per cent transparent” organisational elections this time.
The talk about bringing in “fresh leadership” at all levels has already been doing rounds in the party.
Last week, Congress President Sonia Gandhi had done a stock-taking exercise following the party’s debacle in Assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra even as a clamour for “course correction” grows within its ranks in the wake of the dip in electoral fortunes.

After SCs scathing remark against Centre  Congress and AAP say BJP running away from fresh polls inDelhiPrint
BJP has been officially maintaining that it will take a decision on government formation after getting an invite from the LG. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:54 am
After the apex court on Tuesday rapped the Centre and the Lt Governor over the delay in government formation in Delhi, AAP and Congress have charged that BJP was “running away” from fresh polls in the national capital, claims which were promptly countered by the saffron outfit.
“BJP is not confident of winning Assembly elections, that is why they are delaying it. It is playing dirty politics over the issue. If BJP had the magic numbers, it would have formed the government in the national capital,” AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal told reporters here.
“BJP knows it doesn’t have the numbers… which is why it running away from fresh elections,” he said.
Kejriwal also accused Delhi LG Najeeb Jung of favouring one particular party instead of protecting the Constitution.
“It is very sad that instead of protecting constitution, the Lt Governor is working on the direction of one political party,” he said.
Congress, too, hit out at BJP in the wake of the Supreme Court reprimand earlier on Tuesday and said that it was adopting different “tactics” to delay Assembly elections in Delhi.
“From day one we are saying that BJP is running away from fresh elections. They are just finding excuses one after another. Congress will oppose BJP and can never think of an AAP-BJP government in Delhi… we will fully oppose it,” said DPCC chief Arvinder Singh.
“If BJP had the numbers, they would have formed the government.
“It is clear that they don’t have the numbers, inviting BJP to form the government is not reasonable,” he averred.
Reacting sharply to the allegations, BJP charged that former Delhi chief minister Kejirwal had left the people of the city in a limbo after he quit office here to pursue his prime ministerial ambitions.
“People of Delhi had given Mr Kejriwal the kind of mandate where his AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress.
“Ironically, in a hurry to become the prime minister of the country, Mr Kejriwal left the people of Delhi in a limbo and rushed to Varanasi. But after he was taught a lesson throughout the country, on Tuesday he has come back to Delhi and is expecting that the people of Delhi would support him,” said BJP national spokesperson Sambit Patra.
In the Lok Sabha polls earlier this year, Kejriwal had unsuccessfully contested against Narendra Modi in Varanasi while his party managed to win only four seats.
Stating that in a democracy, President’s Rule cannot go on forever, the Supreme Court on Tuesday questioned as to why the authorities had failed to act expeditiously in the matter of government formation in Delhi.
The Centre, for its part, told SC that President Pranab Mukherjee continued…

Youth to mark Nov 2 as Kiss Day to challenge moral policing inKeralaPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:00 pm
To express the freedom of love in the wake of BJP vandalism against a coffee shop in Kozhikode alleging immoral activities, a group of youngsters have announced “kiss day” in Kochi on November 2.
Last week, Congress-owned Jaihind TV had aired news, alleging immoral activities at a hotel named downtown café. Within hours, the hotel was attacked by a gang of Yuva Morcha, the youth outfit of BJP. The incident had created an outrage in the social media and support has been pouring in for youngsters’ right to express their love.
A group of youths led by short filmmaker Rahul Pasupalan had opened a Facebook page for “kiss of love” three days back. Around 2,600 persons have so far accepted the invitation to join the event to be held at Marine Drive at the shore of Kochi backwaters.
* This is the video that triggered the Yuva Morcha attack
The Facebook page said participants should come with a placard “kiss of love” to the Marine Drive at 5 pm on November 2. Let the lovers among the participants kiss each other. Let us convince the wholesale dealers of morality how human beings express love. The social media campaign has also invited the TV channel for exclusive coverage of the kissing. “The event would be an open challenge to moral policing,” says Pasupalan.
Noted writer N S Madhavan tweeted, “this is Kerala’s pink chaddi moment. Remember how social media campaign against Mangalore pub attacks resulted in moral police chief Pramod Muthalick of Sri Ram Sena getting drowned under a sea of pink underwear. Calicut (Kozhikode) incident was worse. A private channel was a co conspirator. So when the regular media is a perpetrator, where can the answer come except from social media. I have to warn about equally vigilante Kerala police who can misuse section 294 of IPC against public display of affinity. Well-intentioned youth behind the campaign should be cautious.”
However, Kochi city police commissioner K G James said police would not allow the kissing event. “We are not going to allow such an event in a public place,” said James.

Dubai-based Indian-origin eye surgeon honoured inLondonBy: Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:36 pm
A Dubai-based Indian-origin doctor has been conferred the prestigious Mahatma Gandhi Pravasi Samman for his contributions to healthcare. Vinod Gauba, 36, who has worked with the less fortunate and visually impaired, was presented with the award earlier this month by Baroness Verma at the House of Lords in London.
He was awarded for his pioneering role in the field of ophthalmology. The ‘Mahatma Gandhi Pravasi Samman’ is presented to 20 recipients selected from over 30 million Non-Resident Indians or people of Indian origin for exceptional achievements in various fields. “With Dubai fast becoming the Middle Eastern healthcare hub, we are proud to possess a premier level of expertise and technology in the UAE, attracting patients not only from the region but from all across the globe,” Gauba said.
Gauba is based at Dubai Healthcare City, a multispecialty surgery centre for providing specialised eyecare.

Tunisians shun Islamists in vote forstabilityCivil servants discuss at results from the Tunis region parliamentary elections in a Tunis voting center, Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Tunis | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:26 pm
Tunisia’s well-organized Islamists have been defeated in parliamentary elections, paying the price for the turbulent years they ruled after the Arab Spring that saw the rise of terrorist groups in this North African nation.
Voters sought security and stability with familiar faces from Tunisia’s more authoritarian past, but the Islamists’ substantial weight in the new parliament will make them a player in any future government.
Civil servants sit at results from the Tunis region parliamentary elections in a Tunis voting center, Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
Results from the official election commission are just beginning to trickle in, with only three Tunisian districts reported by Tuesday morning. But exit polling and statistical sampling of voting station results by observer groups have produced a remarkably uniform picture.
The party Nida Tunis (Tunisia Calls) led by an 87-year-old veteran politician from the previous regime took around 35 percent of the seats of the parliament, giving it the right to present a prime minister and form a governing coalition. The Islamists trailed with just 25 percent of the seats.
Nida Tunis presented itself as the answer to the moderate Islamists of the Ennahda Party, which had struggled to guide the country through post-revolutionary turmoil after dominating the 2011 elections. Critics charged the Islamists with being soft on terrorists and incompetent managers.
“I promise only one thing and that is to re-establish the state,” Beji Caid Essebsi, the founder of Nida Tunis, said in an interview on national TV late Monday. “All our problems resulted from the lack of a state.”
Essebsi was a foreign minister in the 1980s, under the country’s first post-independent president Habib Bourguiba, and was briefly interim prime minister in 2011, after the revolution. Essebsi evokes the good old days of Tunisia, with a strong economy and a focus on education — while ignoring its authoritarian aspects.
The party effectively tapped into voters’ fear of instability, as food prices put a strain on the middle class and the assassination of left-wing politicians and militant attacks in the mountains struck fear into ordinary Tunisians.
“It’s an expression of the disillusionment of Tunisians and being fed up with the last three years,” said Chawki Gaddes, an analyst at Tunis University. “There was a degraded economic situation, the emergency of jihadi movements, and political assassinations that Tunisia had never known before.”
One fact that may certainly have helped Nida Tunis was a 24-hour standoff between counterterrorism forces and suspect militants in a Tunisian suburb just two days before elections, which left seven people dead, including continued…

Acer Aspire E15 review: A better bet for student than buying atabletPrint
If you are looking for a very affordable, full function laptop then the Acer Aspire E15 is definitely a good option.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:23 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:48 pm
We don’t talk much about laptops these days. All the conversation about computing seems to be centred around smartphones and tablets. But there are still lots of people who are picking up their first laptops, especially in a country like India. College students for instance need a proper computer with a keyboard and an optical disc drive to do much of their work. The tablet falls short of much of their needs. But is it possible to buy a good functional laptop for the price of a tablet? I think I’ve found the answer in the new Acer Aspire E15.
Specs: Windows 8.1 OS | 15.6-inch 1366x768p HD LED True Cinematic display | Intel Celeron N2830  Dual-core 2.16 GHz | 2GB DDR3L SDRAM | 500GB Storage | DVD writer | HDMI | USB 2.0 x 2; USB 3.0 x 1 | Card reader | 2.4 kg
Price: Rs 20,999
Design: The E15 is a large laptop with a 15.6-inch screen, the type that has started becoming rare these days. But this means the laptop is ideal for those who need a lot of real estate to work on — for instance, those working on design needs and research. However, despite the size, the E15 is far from bulky. Yes, it is heavy at 2.4 kg, but it is relatively slim with a maximum height of 27.15 mm.
The review unit I got was all-black with a matte finished body. The wrist rest and he rear of the clamshell had a perforated texture. The trackpad is at the same level as the keys, while the keyboard itself was housed a level below. There is just one power button outside the keyboard, and this makes the design uncomplicated and simple.
The full size finetip keyboard is good to work on with just the right amount of travel on the keys. However, I found the edges of the laptop to be a bit too sharp and my wrists felt strained after I had written a 500-word piece using the E15. You might need to pad up this sharp edge if you want to use the computer for long hours.
The ports are all in the rear, just under the screen. The lower half of the clamshell rises up towards the screen to accommodate all the HDMI, LAN and two USB ports. Even power point is at the rear.
Display: The HD display is good for all types of uses and does not have much glare. No, it is not a touchscreen and there is no FullHD, but then this is a budget laptop.
Performance: The E15, for obvious reasons, is not powered by a Intel Core i3 or i5 processor. What it has is the Bay Trail based Intel Celeron N2830 processor, which has better power efficiency that third gen Core i3 processors, but might be a bit lacking when it comes to processing and overall features. However, for the price point this offers a good value proposition. It is not as sprightly as the latest Core i3 processors and will groan a bit if pushed to the limit as I discovered by browsing the web using the Chrome and over a dozen tabs running. But I was pleased to the see the laptop remain cool even under pressure. This one won’t trouble you much if you are doing regular stuff, but it is not built for anything more tiresome. The E15 starts up really quickly and wakes up from sleep in under 10 seconds.
Verdict: If you are looking for a very affordable, full function laptop then the Acer Aspire E15 is definitely a good option. I would recommend this for high school and college students, but not for those who are looking for a business laptop. But yes this costs just as much, or even lower that a lot of tablets and if you are looking to be productive then the E15 might prove to be the better bet.

Six children drown in pond in Saharsa during Chhath PujapreparationsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:23 pm
Six children, aged between 10 and 12 years, drowned in a village pond in Saharsa during Chhath Puja preparations on Tuesday morning. The four-day Chhath Puja began on Monday. The evening offering to Sun god will be made on Wednesday evening.
Police said the incident took place inside the premises of a petrol pump at Sadar police station area where 12 children had gone to prepare ghats near a pond. Children were not accompanied by their parents or guardians.
Of 12 children who had gone inside the pond, six manged to come out of it. Sadar police station in-charge Suryakant Pandey confirmed the incident and said as the pond was privately owned, local administration did not monitor ghat preparations there.

Tamil Nadu fishermen observe fast in Sri Lankan prisonUpdated: October 28, 2014 15:51 IST
Tamil Nadu fishermen observe fast in Sri Lankan prison
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Fishermen in 631 mechanised boats from Rameswaram returned empty handed after Sri Lankan Navy allegedly threatened to arrest them.
TOPICS
prison
Twenty-four fishermen from Tamil Nadu, arrested by Sri Lankan Navy on charges of violating International Maritime Boundary Line and lodged in a prison in Jaffna, are on a fast since yesterday demanding their release.
The fishermen are demanding their immediate release along with their boats, according to T Sasuraja, president, Rameswaram Fishermen’s Association.
The fishermen, 16 from Pudukottai and eight from here, were arrested by the Navy on Sept 28 when they were fishing near Katchatheevu, an islet ceded to Sri Lanka by India in 1974. A Sri Lankan court ordered to lodge them in a prison in Jaffna.
Meanwhile, fishermen in 631 mechanised boats from here, who went to sea on Monday, returned without fishing on Tuesday after the Sri Lankan Navy threatened to arrest them.

Jobs that could potentially kill you: Apply at your own riskTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Tue 9 Dec, 2014, 3:06 PM IST - India Markets close in 24 mins.
Will your job kill you?
Apply at your own risk.
Even a good job has its drawbacks. That's the case with these 18 -- they're well-paying, society-building occupations for which workers potentially risk their emotional and physical health when clocking in each day. You don't have to just take our word for it, though. Learn more about the professions the US Bureau of Labor Statistics reports have the highest fatal work injury rates and that the job website CareerCast has deemed the most stressful.
Prev Next
General Construction Workers
General construction labour ranges from digging trenches to building scaffolding, so the types of potential on-the-job injury also vary. According to the BLS, general construction workers are susceptible to the "fatal four:" falls, electrocution, being struck by an object or getting caught/trapped in between two surfaces.
General Construction Workers
General construction labour ranges from digging trenches to building scaffolding, so the types of potential on-the-job injury also vary. According to the BLS, general construction workers are susceptible to the "fatal four:" falls, electrocution, being struck by an object or getting caught/trapped in between two surfaces.
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 feature phone at Rs 1649The Nokia 130 comes with a built-in video and music player and claims to offer 46 hours of continuous playback.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 3:34 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 1:17 pm
Microsoft Devices has launched the Nokia 130 at a price of Rs 1649 in India. The feature phone comes with a built-in video and music player. Microsoft claims to offer 46 hours of continuous playback and 36 days of standby battery life on a single charge. Other features include flashlight, FM radio and USB charging.
“The Nokia 130 is ideal for first time mobile phone buyers or people seeking a reliable backup phone to complement their existing smartphone,” said Raghuvesh Sarup, Director – Marketing, Nokia India Sales Pvt. Ltd, a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy.
The phone features a 1.8-inch color display and users can store up to 6,000 songs on a 32GB SD card. It comes with Bluetooth-enabled SLAM application and USB connectivity. The Nokia 130 Dual SIMis available in Red, Black and White colour options.
Specs:
Up to 36 days standby, 13 hours 2G talk time. 46 hours music playback, 16 hours video playback
1.8-inch QQVGA color display

A plea to high finance: can we give kisses a miss© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07c19d72-3a89-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McDonalds: Eating their lunch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be07897a-5b63-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alternate stress test hits French banksAlternative stress tests find French banks are weakest in Europe
Tom Braithwaite
Measure based on market capitalisation says they are most risky
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fad2c772-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alleged black money account holders donated to BJP  CongTimblo, Lodhia made donations to BJP, Congress
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Mon 27 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi/Panaji, Oct 27 (IANS) Radha S. Timblo, managing director of a Goa-based mining company, and bullion trader Chamanbhai Lodhia of Gujarat, two of the three businesspersons accused of stashing black money abroad, have donated money to the BJP and Congress, according to watchdog NGOs.
While Timblo, head of Timblo Pvt Ltd, had donated Rs.1.18 crore to the BJP and Rs.65 lakh to the Congress from 2004-12, Lodhia donated Rs.51,000 to the BJP, according to the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR) and National Election Watch (NEW).
The details of the donations made by the companies, according to a press statement, have been sourced from the list of political donations listed on the Election Commission web site.
"An analysis of the donations made by individuals and corporates to the national parties between 2004-05 and 2011-12 shows that Timblo Pvt Ltd ... donated nine times to the BJP amounting to Rs.1.18 crores and thrice to the Congress, amounting to Rs.65 lakhs in seven years," the statement said.
The central government Monday filed an affidavit with the Supreme Court disclosing the names of Timblo, Lodhia and former Dabur executive Pradip Burman who allegedly stashed black money abroad and thus evaded tax.
Timblo Pvt Ltd is one of the many mining companies accused of carrying out illegal mining by the Justice M.B. Shah commission, which exposed a Rs.35,000 crore illegal mining scam in the state.
Speaking to reporters earlier Monday, Timblo said she needs to study the government's affidavit to the apex court before commenting.
"I will have to study the affidavit first," she said, when asked for her comment, and added that she will give her reaction to the Supreme Court.
In Gujarat, Lodhia claimed innocence even as he complimented Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the drive against black money.
"I am nothing compared to big people who could be (having) black money. I can say that I have no Swiss bank account. I believe that accounts of big politicians should be taken to task," he told the media in Rajkot.
"Though my name has come into this, I want to say that Narendra Modi has taken (the) best step. I will totally cooperate with the government and share all the details. I am innocent," he said.
According to the ADR-NEW statement, there are a total of 13 electoral Trusts, only seven of which have been approved by the Central Bureau of Direct Taxes (CBDT) because they were formed after the CBDT rules governing electoral trusts were notified Jan 31, 2013.
The seven trusts formed after the CBDT rules came into effect are required to submit details of their donations to the Election Commission.
The remaining six formed before the CBDT rules came into existence are not required to do so. These six trusts have donated more than Rs.105 crore to national parties between 2004-05 and 2011-12. Details of these donations are not known.
Recommend

Good news for those who dont like judicial opinionsBy Will Baude October 27
Adam Liptak has a story in The New York Times about the Supreme Court’s unexplained orders. It begins:
People used to complain that Supreme Court decisions were too long and tangled. Those were the days.
In recent weeks, the court has addressed cases on the great issues of the day without favoring the nation with even a whisper of explanation. In terse orders, the court expanded the availability of same-sex marriage, let a dozen abortion clinics in Texas reopen, and made it harder to vote in three states and easier in one.
Judges and lawyers who used to have to try to make sense of endless, opaque opinions now have to divine what the Supreme Court’s silence means.
There is something odd about the court’s docket these days. When the court considers a minor case on, say, teeth whitening, it receives a pile of briefs, hears an hour of arguments and issues a carefully reasoned decision noting every justice’s position.
When the stakes are higher, the court turns oracular.
“The court’s unexplained orders don’t always live up to its otherwise high standards of legal craft,” said William Baude, a law professor at the University of Chicago. …
I’m quoted several other times in the story, and you can read the whole thing to get my thoughts. There have been some other criticisms of the Court’s opacity lately, such as this piece by Rick Hasen (accessible via Google ), and this Economist post .
I don’t agree with all of the calls for transparency, including Hasen’s (for reasons I discussed here and here ). But I do think that some of the orders merit more explanation than they’ve gotten.
My more extended thoughts on the court’s orders docket will be coming out later this year in the NYU Journal of Law and Liberty’s Supreme Court issue.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

US issues guidelines over EbolaUS issues guidelines over Ebola
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5580e382-5e25-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TATA Power to complete Vietnamese power plant in Long Phu in 2019TATA Power to complete Vietnamese power plant in Long Phu in 2019
High-level functionary of political party s youth wing arrested in Rs 20 lakh extortion bidPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:58 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:21 pm
The Mizoram Police have arrested a high-ranking political party worker and his accomplice for threatening an Aizawl resident to pay Rs 20 lakhs. The Zoram Nationalist Party has however denied the party’s involvement.
Jacob Lianhuapa (40), currently chief organizer of the ZNP’s youth wing, and Vanlalliana (20), who has been living with Jacob for sometime, were arrested by investigators of the CID (Special Branch) late on Monday night.
Investigators said Jacob first called up S T Khama, a former ponzi scheme collector and one-time independent MLA candidate, on his cellphone in mid-October and asked him to pay their “outfit” Rs 20 lakhs.
Jacob did not identify himself or mention what the “outfit” was, but gave S T Khama a deadline of October 26 to make the payment and said “we will do what needs to be done” if he did not.
Khama informed the police, and the CID (SB) was roped in to investigate. In the meantime, Khama negotiated with Jacob saying he would pay them Rs 3 lakhs first, and an Aizawl hotel was designated a drop-off point.
“The money was delivered on Sunday to the hotel, but the Jacob not pick it up immediately. On Monday he paid a coolie to collect the money and asked him to leave it with an elderly hawker. His accomplice Vanlalliana then picked it up from the hawker in the evening,” said a CID (SB) official.
Plainclothes policemen from the unit immediately tracked him on foot for several hours and eventually arrested Jacob and Vanlalliana on Monday night on a side alley in Aizawl’s Chanmari neighbourhood.
“We have no information that Jacob is connected to a militant group so it is likely he acted for his own benefit. It is unclear if he was doing this as part of party activity,”the investigator said.
Lalmuanpuia Punte, ZNP youth president, denied knowledge of the incident and said, “The ZNP did not in any way ask these men to carry out these activities.”
The Zoram Nationalist party immediately stripped Jacob Lianhuapa of his position as Chief Organizer of the party’s youth wing on Tuesday afternoon, when news of his arrest spread.

Engineering exports up 20% in SeptEngineering exports up 20% in Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
India’s engineering exports grew by over 20 per cent year-on-year to $6.48 billion in September on account of high demand particularly in South Asia and Middle East nations.
In September last year, these exports were at $5.38 billion, according to the Commerce Ministry data.
According to engineering exporters’ body EEPC India, in the current fiscal, three countries in South Asia are in the top 25 destinations of India’s engineering exports.
India’s engineering exports to Iran, Turkey and Jordan too have witnessed a healthy growth, EEPC India has said.
The sector contributes about 25 per cent in the country’s total outbound shipments.
It helped push India’s exports, which rose by 2.73 per cent to $28.9 billion in September.
The country’s total engineering exports for April-September this fiscal aggregated to about $35 billion.
Engineering exports include transport equipment, capital goods, other machinery/equipment and light engineering products like castings, forgings and fasteners.
The other sectors which recorded a healthy growth in September include rice (17.7 per cent), coffee (13.39 per cent), marine products (13.3 per cent), mica, coal and other ores (7.88 per cent), leather (13.72 per cent), gems and jewellery (11 per cent) and textiles (16 per cent).
To further boost the country’s exports, the government is expected to announce fiscal and non-fiscal incentives in the forthcoming foreign trade policy (FTP). It is expected to be released next month.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Tigerair to expand flights between Chennai and SingaporeTigerair to expand flights between Chennai and Singapore
Our Bureau
To add two additional weekly flights to meet increasing demand
Chennai, October 28:  
Tigerair, the Singapore-based budget carrier, will expand its service between Chennai and Singapore with two additional weekly flights on this route to meet the increasing demand from travellers.
It currently operates seven weekly flights between Chennai and Singapore. Beginning December 4, it will operate two additional weekly flights.
The first additional fight will depart Singapore on Thursday at 2300 hours local time and arrive in Chennai on Friday at 0115 hours local time. The second flight will depart Singapore on Saturday at 0740 hours and arrive in Chennai at 0915 hours. Bookings for both these flights are now available on Tigerair’s website www.tigerair.com, according to a company press release.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

VoxPop Clothing ties up with Mumbai City FCHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
VoxPop Clothing ties up with Mumbai City FC
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 28 :  
VoxPop Clothing has announced its partnership with the Indian Super League’s team, Mumbai City Football Club to launch an exclusive range of t-shirts for their fans. Mumbai City FC is owned by Bollywood actor Ranbir Kapoor and Bimal Parekh, a Mumbai based Chartered Accountant.
The clothing brand has been involved with entertainment licensing in the past and has created t-shirts of superhero characters like Batman, Spiderman, Avengers, Captain America, Game of Thrones, Superman, Ironman.
In a statement, Siddharth Taparia, CEO and Founder, VoxPop Clothing, said, “We have partnered with iconic brands like Disney, Warner Brothers and Game of Thrones and now it is great that we have entered in the sports category with our partnership with Mumbai City Football Club.”
Added Indranil Blah, CEO, Mumbai City Football Club, “We look forward to seeing our fans wearing the fan-wear created by VoxPop through and beyond this season of the ISL”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Supreme Court rejects review plea of death row convict Surinder Koli in NitharicasePrint
Nithari killer, Surinder Koli
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:36 pm
The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the plea by Nithari killer Surinder Koli seeking recall of the judgment upholding his death sentence in Rimpa Haldar murder case.
The apex court bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu, Justice Anil R. Dave and Justice S.A. Bobde, in the first open court hearing of the review petition of death sentence cases, said that “we are fully satisfied that this court has not committed any error that may persuade us to review the order” upholding his death sentence.
Referring to the argument by senior counsel Ram Jethmalani that Surinder Koli was not given a proper legal assistance to defend his case, the court directed that in future the trial court will ensure that the accused in other cases be given proper legal assistance by a lawyer of expertise and who can devote time.
Jethmalani said the entire evidence relied upon by the trial court in convicting and sentencing Koli to death clearly shows that he was tormented by the police to give evidence against himself and autopsy report shows that the murder of 14 children was done by medical expert precision with the objective of trading in organs.
During the hearing, Jethmalani said that an interview for a period of five minutes only with a legal aid lawyer was allowed to Koli before recording of his confession.
“It is mockery of the legal provision,” he said.
The court, however, rejected the contentions and said that it cannot reconsider the verdict in the case.
The plea on behalf of 42-year-old Koli was moved by a team of lawyers led by senior advocate Indira Jaising and was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the stay order was passed at 1:40 AM, hours before his execution.
Koli was to be hanged on the early morning of September 8, in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The lawyers had sought review of the apex court’s July 24, 2014 order dismissing the plea to stay the execution of death sentence awarded to Koli.
While seeking stay of execution of the capital punishment, the plea had referred to the September 2 verdict of the apex court in which it had held that the review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.

Ladakh organises inter school competitions to celebrate spirit of IndianarmyPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:16 pm
Inter school competitions like debating and painting contests, Polo, Tent Pegging and Archery were some of the events held in Ladakh during the last 20 days so as to commemorate the bravery and sacrifice of the Indian Army troops and the local people in defending Ladakh against Pakistani raiders after the 1947 partition.
The celebrations commenced with an inter school competition including football, volleyball, handball matches, besides debate and painting contests which were organized at Ladakh Scouts Regimental Centre, Phyang, from October 8-10, said a Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here. These were followed by T-20 cricket tournament at the newly constructed picturesue Colonel Sonam Wangchuk, MVC, Stadium. Eight teams from all over Ladakh region participated in the tournament, he added.
Polo, Tent Pegging and Archery competitions were also conducted from October 20 – 26. While eight teams from entire Ladakh participated in Polo event, 23 teams participated in Archery and 21 riders in Tent Pegging Competition. The grand finale of the event was conducted on October 26 and it was witnessed by a huge audience, the spokesman added.
Various events conducted during the grand finale included 16 kms and five kms run for both men and women, pipe band display by Pipe Band of Ladakh Scouts, cultural programme by students of TCV (SOS) School, melodious “Op Sadbhavana’’ song by Ladakh’s famous singer Phunchok Ladakhi. The main attraction of the event was finals of Polo match between teams of  Drass (A) and Ladakh Scouts (Red), the spokesman said, adding that the keenly contested match was won by latter by a comfortable margin of 12-01.
Pointing out that all these events were conducted by Army under Op Sadbhavana to give an impetus to traditional sports of Ladakh especially Polo and Archery, the spokesman said that in a departure from  the usual trend, the chief guest of the grand finale event was neither any officer from military or civil administration, nor politician. The chief guest and the guests of honour were those war veterans and war heroes who fought against Pakistani raiders in 1947 as part of “Nubra Guards’’ under the son of the soil Colonel Chhewang Rinchen, MVC. Seven such war heroes were present to grace the occasion including Honorary Lieutenant Sonam Joldan (chief guest), Padam Shree Sonam Wangial, Lance Naik Sonam Stobdan, Lance Naik Mutup Gurmet, besides Havaldar Punchok Stobdan, and Naik Dorjey Phunchok (Both Vir Chakra), and Naik Abdul Rahman, Sena Medal.
At the end of the event, Rigzin Spalpar, Chief Executive Councillor of the Leh Hill Development Council, felicitated the war heroes and conveyed his appreciation to the entire Fire and Fury Corps and Ladakh Scouts Regimental Centre for successfuln conduct of the event. A memorial service was also held at Leh war memorial where floral tributes were paid to brave martyrs by senior army and civil officers, besides veteran soldiers, gallantry award winners and veer naris.
Speaking on the occasion, Lt General B S Nego, General Officer Commanding of the Fire and Fury Corps stated that the Defenders of Ladakh Remembrance continued…

Italy president to testify in MafiatrialConvicted Mafia boss Toto Riina's lawyer Luca Cianferoni arrives at the Quirinale Presidential palace in Rome, Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Rome | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:15 pm
Prosecutors and judges have arrived at Italy’s presidential palace for an unprecedented hearing to take testimony from the head of state in the trial of a former government official accused of negotiating with Mafia bosses to end terror bombings in the 1990s.
Prosecutors want to question President Giorgio Napolitano about communications he had with a now-deceased aide whose dealings with the main suspect, former Interior Minister Nicola Mancino, are being investigated.
Mancino is on trial for allegedly negotiating with the Mafia following the 1993 bombings of churches in Rome, the Uffizi museum in Florence, and a Milan park. Mancino has denied any negotiations.
Napolitano has said he had nothing useful to tell the court. But he agreed to testify.
The hearing occurred behind closed doors with no media present.

Prominent defector says North Korea has taken his fatherhostageWeapons exports are a crucial source of hard currency for North Korea. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Seoul | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:00 pm
A prominent North Korean defector who has advocated U.N. action to stop the country’s human rights abuses said on Tuesday authorities have taken his father hostage in a campaign to discredit his story of survival and escape from a prison camp. North Korea has been on a diplomatic campaign to counter charges by a U.N. commission that highlighted widespread human rights abuses and a move by some member states to refer it to an international tribunal for crimes against humanity.
North Korea says the accusations of human rights abuses are fabrications and “wild rumours” peddled by “hostile forces” determined to undermine its leadership, and points to the United States as the mastermind. Shin Dong-hyuk is one of the most prominent defectors from North Korea whose account of torture and escape from a political prison camp gripped international investigators examining the North’s human rights conditions.
He said the North had put his father in a propaganda video released this week that portrays Shin as a criminal active in fabricating human rights problems. “The dictator is holding my father hostage,” Shin said in a post on his Facebook page on Tuesday, referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The page carried a series of still images of an elderly man taken from the video interview.
The man in the video, which was seen by Reuters, was speaking in a modestly furnished Korean-style living room. He urges Shin to “come to your senses and return to the embrace of the Party,” referring to the North’s ruling Workers’ Party, which Kim Jong Un heads. Speaking to Reuters later by telephone from South Korea, where he lives, Shin said he could not be sure where the video was taken or whether his father had been brought from a prison camp to produce the footage.
“I had thought my father had died. But this is definitely my father,” he said. “I’d never thought I’d be grateful to North Korea … for showing me that he is alive.” “I think it’s probably because of everything that’s going on at the United Nations … maybe the message is if I refuse to be quiet, they will kill him.”
LAZY AND UNRELIABLE
The video was titled “Truth and Lies” and was released by the China-based Website Uriminzokkiri, which carries pro-North Korea propaganda, aimed at Koreans abroad. It also showed people it said knew Shin before his escape and by his former name “Shin In Gun”. Those interviewed in the video said Shin was lazy and unreliable as a worker at a mine, and he left the country to avoid punishment for the rape of a 13-year-old girl and he now spread “preposterous false information” about human rights.
Shin said the accusation of sexual assault was a fabrication which he had heard before. Neither the narrator in the video continued…

Great Barrier Reef protection plan inadequate: scientistsnatural resources
Australia’s multi-million dollar plan to halt the worrying decline of the fragile Great Barrier Reef does nothing to address the threat of climate change and is unlikely to save the iconic reef, according to scientists.
The Academy of Science, Australia’s top science academy, has warned that the draft plan to protect the Great Barrier Reef will not prevent its decline and fails to address key pressures affecting the reef.
The draft plan, released for consultation last month, was supposed to allay concerns of UNESCO which had threatened to put the reef on the World Heritage in Danger list.
In its submission to the Australian and Queensland governments’ Reef 2050 Long-Term Sustainability Plan, the academy warns that the draft plan fails to effectively address any of the key pressures on the reef including climate change, poor water quality, coastal development and fishing. The plan also does not address the fundamental governance issues for the reef, including conflict of interest issues and a lack of oversight.
One of the contributing experts, Professor Terry Hughes said much bolder action is required to restore the reef.
“The science is clear, the reef is degraded and its condition is worsening. This is a plan that won’t restore the reef, it won’t even maintain it in its already diminished state,” Prof. Hughes said.
“It is also more than disappointing to see that the biggest threat to the reef - climate change - is virtually ignored in this plan,” he said.
“The future of this national treasure, which generates over $5 billion per annum for the Australian economy, depends on less pollution from runoff and dredging, less carbon emissions from fossil fuels, and less fishing pressure,” he said.
“The plan also seems overly focused on the short-term task of addressing UNESCO’s concerns about the reef’s World Heritage Listing, rather than the longer-term challenges of restoring the values of the reef,” Prof. Hughes added.
The submission also states that the reef is under ever increasing pressure, arguably made worse by recent policy and legislative changes such as Australia currently having no mechanism in place to reduce carbon emissions.

MSG considers spin-offmsg considers spin-off
Ranbaxy Labs swings back to profitRanbaxy Labs swings back to profit
Switch Funds if you need the Money SoonSwitch Funds if you need the Money Soon
Black money disclosures by Narendra Modi govt selective black mail; disclose all 700 names: Goa CongressBlack money disclosures by Narendra Modi govt selective black mail; disclose all 700 names: Goa Congress
FII stake in SKS soars to record high of 44.72% in Jul-Sep qtrFII stake in SKS soars to record high of 44.72% in Jul-Sep qtr
Sensex above 26000 points  Nifty back at 8000Sensex above 26000 points  Nifty back at 8000
India committed to modernisation of Vietnam s defence  says PM ModiIndia committed to modernisation of Vietnam s defence  says PM Modi
Govt likely to make mandatory linking of mobile SIM with AadhaarGovt likely to make mandatory linking of mobile SIM with Aadhaar
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
Government is likely to make it mandatory to link mobile SIM connections with Aadhaar number to weed out ghost users and curb the misuse of mobile phones for any terrorist act, extortion or other offences.
“Government has planned to make it compulsory seeding of mobile SIM cards with Aadhaar to keep a tab on use of mobile phone connection for anti-social act including terrorism and extortion,” a source said.
In a recent review of the Aadhaar project, government top brass felt it is appropriate to make the seeding of Aadhaar compulsory for new as well as old mobile phone connection, the sources added.
Earlier, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the use of Aadhaar number as a single source of identity verification.
However, recently the ministry has supported Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate “anytime, anywhere, anyhow” authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one’s identity.
Besides, Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
According to the source, the government may go slow on linking SIM cards with Aadhaar numbers as the entire population of the country does not have the unique identification number.
Earlier during the UPA regime, the government’s plan to make Aadhaar linked bank account mandatory for getting cooking gas subsidy hit a road block. The implementation of the project was suspended after the apex court’s interim order.
The Supreme Court had observed that the government cannot deny any benefit to citizen simply because somebody does not have Aadhaar.
As per experts, the Court’s view was appropriate at that time as coverage under the Aadhaar project was low.
At present, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has issued Aadhaar numbers to over 70 crore residents in the country. It has been mandated to generate Aadhaar numbers of 100 crore residents by December.
Government has set the deadline of June next year for covering the entire population under the Aadhaar project.
Experts feel that once the entire population is covered under the project, it would not be difficult for government to use Aadhaar database for rolling out various social welfare scheme and making country’s internal security apparatus more robust.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

AP power utilities to invite interest to procure 2400 MW of thermal powerAP power utilities to invite interest to procure 2400 MW of thermal power
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has initiated the process for the procurement of 2400 MW of thermal power on a long-term basis from thermal power stations to be developed under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode.
The process would be based on the Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Own (DBFOO) model.
According to the terms, the plants need to have coal linkage from CIL and have to be supplemented by imported coal and should have completed Commercial Operation Declaration before December 31, 2016.
While the tenders have been prepared in line with guidelines issued by the Ministry of Power, the Request For Qualification (RFQ) document is uploaded on the AP Transco and other sector related websites.
A pre-application conference meeting with prospective thermal power developers would be held on Wednesday (October 29) at 11 am in Vidyut Soudha, Hyderabad.
K. Vijayanand, Chairman and Managing Director of AP Transco, in a statement said the power developers can seek clarifications and provide feedback and suggestions on the bidding documents and the process during the meeting.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Govt sets up panel to assess compensation for already running coal minesGovt sets up panel to assess compensation for already running coal mines
Our Bureau
Piyush Goyal
New Delhi, October 28:  
The Coal Ministry has set up a committee headed by former Chief Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to assess the compensation to be paid by winning bidders of already running mines.
The committee will also include officials of ministries of Coal, Power, Finance and Law and will submit its recommendations by November 10.
The move is part of the e-auction process of coal blocks which was started after the Government promulgated an ordinance to allow the same.
At a briefing after the Cabinet meeting to announce the clearing of the ordinance, Piyush Goyal, Minister of State (Independent Charge) Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy said that winning bidders will have to pay a compensation to mining lease holders of 37 coal blocks that are already producing and five where significant work has been done.
The Supreme Court had on September 24 cancelled the allocation of 204 coal blocks between 1993 and 2010. Out of these, 37 coal mines are already producing and another five are set to produce soon.
The committee formed will value the assets of each of these 42 blocks. As per an office memorandum seen by Business Line, the terms of reference for the committee is valuation of tangible assets used for coal mining operations, valuation of land demarcated for afforestation and land for rehabilitation and re-settlement of persons affected by coal mining operations.
The committee will also assess the liabilities associated with the operation of the mine.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Rick Bayless: Competitiveness in the kitchen and touchdowns on the menuRick Bayless
Rick Bayless: Competitiveness in the kitchen and touchdowns on the menu
Chicago chef Rick Bayless tells the Chicago Tribune's Colin McMahon that, having never been involved in sports, "it took me probably 15 years into business to acknowledge to myself that I'm super-competitive." He shares what he does to avoid failure.
Chicago chef Rick Bayless tells the Chicago Tribune's Colin McMahon that, having never been involved in sports, "it took me probably 15 years into business to acknowledge to myself that I'm super-competitive." He shares what he does to avoid failure.
Chicago chef Rick Bayless tells the Chicago Tribune's Colin McMahon that, having never been involved in sports, "it took me probably 15 years into business to acknowledge to myself that I'm super-competitive." He shares what he does to avoid failure.
This video is featured in these articles:

ONGC oil output jumps 10%New Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 17:08 IST
ONGC oil output jumps 10%
PTI
oil and gas - upstream activities
In a turnaround, state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has reported a 10 per cent jump in crude oil production from its western offshore fields this fiscal, reversing the downward slide of past few years.
The nation’s largest oil and gas producer wants to take advantage of multi-year low oil prices to aggressively acquire oil and gas fields in the US, Russia, Central Asia and Africa so as to meet its 20 million tons oil equivalent target from overseas assets by 2018.
“Crude oil production has risen from 285,642 barrels per day in April to over 315,000 bpd this month,” ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K. Sarraf told PTI here.
ONGC, which had over the last few years seen output not matching targets, plans to quickly develop discovered fields to boost oil and gas production.
“The more than 10 per cent increase in output in current year is quiet an achievement for a company having old fields,” he said.
Western offshore is the home for India’s largest oil and gas field of Mumbai High and Bassein. It also has several smaller discoveries which ONGC has now tied up with main production system and begun producing.
Mr. Sarraf said the company will continue to focus on bringing newer fields into production as also arrest decline in ageing field through use of technology and interventions.
It plans to develop a series of oil and gas discoveries in Daman offshore. About 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day of gas output is projected from the discoveries.
ONGC is also focused on bringing to production its major oil field in the KG—D5 block in Krishna Godavari basin by 2019.
The oil discovery in KG—DWN—98/2 or KG—D5, which sits next to Reliance Industries’ KG—D6 block, will be the first large oil production from the east coast. The block also has 10 gas discoveries.
First gas from the block is planned for 2018 and first oil in 2019, he said.
While a bulk of ONGC’s near 25 million tonnes crude oil production comes from western offshore and fields in states like Gujarat and Assam, KG—D5 will produce up to 90,000 barrels per day (4.5 million tonnes per annum) — the largest from any field on the east coast.
ONGC will produce 17 million standard cubic meters per day of gas from the block.
On overseas acquisition, Sarraf said ONGC was looking at “the globe” for buying producing oil and gas fields.

Saint-Gobains Rajasthan plant on streammanufacturing and engineering
Saint-Gobain of France on Monday inaugurated its Rs.1,000-crore ($185 million) glass manufacturing facility in Bhiwadi in Rajasthan.
The fully automated plant, having a capacity to manufacture close to 1,000 tonnes of glass a day, is the largest glass manufacturing facility for the firm in the world.
The company said the location of the new plant is strategic, and it will be able to service the entire North optimally from Bhiwadi. Further, being on the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, it gives significant logistics advantages.
“I am happy to note that ‘Make in India’ is the new direction of the Indian government. As Saint-Gobain, we not only agree with this, but strongly support this initiative... about 90 per cent of the group’s sale in India is locally manufactured,” Pierre-Andre de Chalendar, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Saint-Gobain, said.
The plant is spread over 136 acres with a built-up area of 1.14 lakh sq. metre.
With this new plant, the total capacity of the company will go up to 3,000 tonnes a day. Besides this plant, Saint-Gobain has three manufacturing units in India — two in Chennai and one in Gujarat.
The $185 million facility will have a capacity of 1,000 tonnes of glass a day

Unique ID May Follow Some Verizon Customers Onlineunique id may follow some verizon customers online
Asset forfeiture  drug legalization  and the mainstreaming of libertarian ideasBy Ilya Somin October 27
Sunday’s New York Times article on the dangers of asset forfeiture abuse follows a major multi-part series on the same subject in the Washington Post. Last year, the liberal New Yorker also published a major article on the issue .
As both the Times and the Post emphasize, the present asset forfeiture system in many states allows law enforcement agencies to seize property even if the owner has not been convicted or even charged with any property. Often, the police then get to keep the proceeds from the seizures for themselves, creating a perverse incentive to seize as much property as possible, regardless of the guilt or innocence of the owners. In many cases, as the Post notes, owners have little or no opportunity to reclaim their property because the procedures are involved are difficult and time-consuming, and often too expensive for poor and lower-middle class property owners to afford.
As in the case of drug legalization, asset forfeiture reform is a cause long-championed by libertarians, which has recently hit the mainstream. The Institute for Justice, a prominent libertarian public interest law firm, has highlighted the issue for years , ans is currently spearheading both legal and legislative challenges to the system. Similarly, libertarians have for decades advocated abolishing the War on Drugs; at times, they were almost the only ones doing so, with the exception of a few on the far left. But only recently has this idea begun to attract widespread mainstream public and elite support.
Obviously, the two issues are integrally linked. As the Post series notes, the War on Drugs is one of the leading causes of asset forfeiture abuse. The Post article correctly emphasizes that much of the seized property is taken as a result of law enforcement operations undertaken as part of the War on Drugs. The threat that the War on Drugs poses to the property rights of innocent people is yet another reason for conservatives, among others, to rethink their traditional support for it .
While libertarians have successfully helped put these issues on the political agenda, it remains to be seen whether they and their new allies on the left and right will be able to push through effective reforms. In both cases, there is a danger that newfound public interest in the issue will be quiesced by merely cosmetic changes that only marginally improve the situation. And, obviously, the majority of non-libertarians do not – so far – fully endorse the libertarian approach to these issues, which calls for the complete abolition of both civil asset forfeiture and the War on Drugs. Still, the two cases are dramatic examples of previously marginalized libertarian ideas becoming a part of mainstream political discourse.
NOTE: I have written amicus briefs on behalf of the Institute for Justice on various other property rights issues. But I have not been involved in their asset forfeiture cases.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Nandita Bose and Nathan Layne / Reutersnandita bose and nathan layne / reuters
Kohl s crimped on quarterly outlookEMAIL
 
Executives at department store chain Kohl’s are scheduled to share their vision for multi-year growth Wednesday at its annual investor conference. But Wall Street was more interested in what management was saying Monday: a 1.4% drop in same store sales for the third quarter and lower-than-expected 2014 earnings.
Kohl’s KSS   crumbled 7% to $54.60 in after-hours trading after the company said October sales had been soft, with gains in children’s lines offset by declines in men’s, footwear and accessory lines. The company said women’s and home goods sales were also underperforming.
Based on sales to date, Kohl’s said diluted earnings wold be at the low end of prior guidance, which had been $4.05 to $4.45 a share.
This would be fourth-straight quarter of declining sales for Kohl’s, which operates over 1,150 stores in 49 states. Still, several investment firms had been raising price targets for the company.  In September, Citigroup’s Oliver Chen raised his $63 price target to $70, contending Kohl’s product mix and  customer loyalty program would drive sales and profit margins.  Nomura earlier raised its price target to $68, up from $62.

Govt prosecutes black money suspectsSuchitra Mohanty and Aditya Kalra     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 08:47 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
The government said on Monday that several individuals, including Pradeep Burman , former director of FMCG major Dabur India, were being prosecuted on suspicion of hiding undeclared cash outside the country, a court filing showed.
The government disclosed names of Timblo Private company and seven individuals suspected of violating tax laws. Two of those named denied wrongdoing, while one director at Timblo said she would react after reading the court filing. Four other Timblo directors could not be reached.
The central government has said that it wants to bring back illicit funds deposited by Indians in banks outside the country. Such funds, often hidden abroad to avoid local tax, are widely referred as "black money".
The opposition accuses the government of exploiting the issue for electoral gain, and of waging a vendetta against politicians linked to the last Congress government that was ousted by Modi in a general election in May.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in an October 21 television interview that the Congress would be "embarrassed" by the names of suspects when they are revealed in court. Tax treaties bar the disclosure of names until charges are framed.
"The government will disclose names against whom we have prosecutable evidence," Jaitley told reporters on Monday, referring to other cases still under investigation.
Monday's court filing named Pradip Burman, a former Dabur director; Pankaj Lodhiya, a bullion trader; and Goa-based miner Timblo Private Ltd, along with five directors who share the same family name of Timblo - Radha, Chetan, Rohan, Anna and Mallika.
Prosecution of those named has been launched under the income tax law, the government said in a filing to the Supreme Court that was seen by Reuters.
"Several more cases are under process and the names of persons prosecuted will become public in due course," the filing also said.
LEGALLY OPENED
Dabur denied wrongdoing, saying Burman's account was opened legally when he was not a resident of India. The company's shares fell as much as 8.9 per cent before ending with a loss of 3 per cent.
Lodhiya told a news channel he had no bank account outside India. Calls to his office outside working hours went unanswered. Radha Timblo, a company director, told a television channel she would issue a statement after reading the court filing. The four other named directors could not immediately be reached.
Illegal deposits abroad cost billions of dollars in lost revenue and Modi had promised his government would change laws or enact new measures to bring back such funds. On taking office, he appointed a panel to investigate the matter.
While there is no official estimate of the amount of money illegally deposited abroad, Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity has estimate India suffered $344 billion in illicit fund outflows between 2002 and 2011.
The government has worked with countries including Switzerland to obtain information about its citizens who it believes may be hiding unaccounted money in offshore financial centres. Switzerland has shown willingness to help, the government says.
"This development is very significant. Earlier, the Swiss government had not agreed to provide any information in such cases," the government said in the court document.
(Reuters)

Sensex recovers in early trade on selective buyingMarket Update: Sensex rebounds 128 points to over 1-mth high, pharma stocks rise
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Tuesday rebounded about 128 points to end at over one-month high and Nifty reclaimed the 8,000-mark on the back of good corporate earnings and rising hopes of a cut in interest rates.
Pharma, banking and power shares led the rise, amid positive cues from global markets as Europe opened higher.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices, which will help India cut current account deficit and ease fuel price inflation further, also buoyed sentiments, brokers said.
The 30-share Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex index, after opening firm at 26,788.73, improved to touch day's high of 26,907.14. It settled with a net gain of 127.92 points, or 0.48 per cent, at over one-month high of 26,880.82.
On Monday, Sensex shed 98.15 points on profit-booking.
The 50-share NSE Nifty recovered 35.90 points, or 0.45 per cent, to close at 8,027.60 after shuttling between 8,037.80 and 7,995.05. It had shed 22.85 points on Monday.
Recovery was supported by gains in Sun Pharma which climbed 4.64 per cent. Cipla surged 3.31 per cent, SBI rose 2.67 per cent, ICICI Bank jumped 1.76 per cent and Tata Power gained 2.48 per cent among 17 Sensex gainers.
Pharma stocks gained after Ranbaxy, which is in the process of a $4 billion merger with Sun Pharma, reported consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for September quarter, pushing its share price by over 6 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers which helped indices to rebound included GAIL, BHEL, M&M, HDFC, TCS, ITC, L&T, and Coal India .
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting, Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Elsewhere in Asia, markets ended mostly mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve two-day monetary policy meet which starts later in the day.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index gained the most by surging 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent, Auto 0.33 per cent and Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent. On the other hand, BSE Oil & gas fell 0.23 per cent, FMCG by 0.12 per cent and Metal index by 0.03 per cent.
Asian stocks ended mixed after US American data from home sales to manufacturing fell short of estimates and investors awaited a Federal Reserve decision on its stimulus programme.
Key benchmark indices in South Korea, Singapore and Japan fell by 0.33 per cent to 0.38 per cent while indices in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan rose by 1.63 per cent to 2.07 per cent.
European markets were quoting strong in their late morning deals on good earnings by some companies. The CAC was up by 0.52 per cent, the DAX by 1.36 per cent and the FTSE by 0.51 per cent.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "The outcome of Fed meet will show the road ahead to the market. The Federal Reserve is set to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme and is expected to wait for the right time to hike interest rate".
Seventeen scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended higher while 13 others finished lower.
Besides big gainers, others from the Sensex pack include Cipla 2.92 per cent, Tata Power 2.48 per cent, SBI 2.38 per cent, Gail India 1.96 per cent, ICICI Bank 1.83 per cent, M&M 1.41 per cent, NTPC 1.30 per cent and BHEL 1.21 per cent.
Laggards were led by Hero MotoCorp that fell by 1.68 per cent, Bharti Airtel 1.15 per cent, HUL 0.83 per cent, Dr Reddy's Lab 0.82 per cent, RIL 0.81 per cent and ONGC 0.75 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Healthcare rose by 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent and Capital Goods 0.52 per cent.
Total market breadth turned positive as 1,510 stocks ended in green and 1,370 finished in red. The total turnover rose to Rs 2,763.91 crore from Rs 2,613.97 crore on Monday.

Swedish crown slides after Riksbank surprises with cut to zeroYen benefits as investor risk appetite wanes
By Jemima Kelly, Reuters
0
Dennis Lockhart, head of the Atlanta Federal Reserve, said late on Monday that he was in no rush to drop the Fed's pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time", while San Francisco Fed chief John Williams said the phrase was still appropriate.
Against the traditionally safe-haven yen, the greenback slid 0.8 percent to 119.78 yen , pulling further away from a seven-year high of 121.86 yen set on Monday. The Japanese currency also rose versus the euro, which shed 0.5 percent to around 147.93 yen .
"Currency markets are trading in a risk-off sentiment," said Neil Jones, head of FX hedge fund sales at Mizuho bank in London, adding that investors were booking profits on the dollar into the year-end after its strong performance in recent months.
"People are cutting the higher yielding currencies which they've been funding through being short yen and that position is being reversed somewhat, which is manifesting itself in a much lower dollar/yen."
The dollar may retreat further versus the yen in the near term due to the potential for more position squaring in the wake of its recent rally, said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
"The size of volatility in the dollar's moves versus the yen has become quite stark," Murata said, adding that choppy trading conditions could persist toward the year-end.
The euro rose by 0.4 percent to $1.23620 , moving further away from a 28-month low of $1.2247 hit on Monday as the dollar weakened across the board.
Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar fell 0.3 percent <.DXY>, having hit a five-year high on Monday.
(Additional reporting by Masayuki Kitano in Singapore and Ian Chua in Sydney)

BSE to foray into commodities trading with new platformBSE to foray into commodities trading with new platform
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 21:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
Leading bourse Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)is planning to launch a separate platform for trading of various commodities to foray into commodity exchange business - currently dominated by two major players, MCX and NCDEX.
A proposal in this regard has been approved by the board of BSE , which is the world's largest stock exchange in terms of number of listed companies and holds top positions on various other counts.
Sources said the BSE board has cleared the proposal and further modalities would be put in place soon.
Incidentally, BSE had also put in an initial bid, estimated at about Rs 500 crore, recently for purchase of 15 per cent stake in the country's largest commodity exchange Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX).
Kotak Group finally acquired the MCX stake for Rs 459 crore, while BSE and another bidder Reliance Capital did not participate in final bidding due to adverse comments made by the exchange's auditors in the wake of NSEL scam.
The commodity trading business in India records total turnover of over Rs 100 lakh crore annually, although only two players dominate the market. There used to over 20 commodity exchanges in India, including six of national-level, but the total number has now come down to ten.
This includes four national-level bourses. Volumes have also come down in recent quarters, due to imposition of commodities transaction tax, among others. BSE, which was set up in 1875 and is the oldest exchange in Asia, is currently one of the two major bourses in India.
There are more than 5,500 companies listed on BSE, which is highest for any exchange in the world, with a total market capitalisation of over Rs 93 lakh crore.
After beginning with a humble background of functioning under banyan trees over 125 years ago, BSE has now emerged as one of the world's most technologically advanced exchanges and is targeting ten-times faster trades on its platform within three years.
Already, the exchange has made significant changes in its technology and has attained a response time of 200 micro- seconds for trades executed on its platform, BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan recently told PTI in an interview.
The aim is to bring the response time further down to 20 micro-seconds within the next three years, he had said. Presently, BSE handles 500,000 orders in a second at the response time of 200 micro seconds. There are more than 2.6 crore investors registered on BSE. BSE's 30-share index Sensex is known as the benchmark index of the Indian stock market.
During the financial year 2013-14, the exchange recorded a total income of Rs 529.71 crore, while profits rose by 25 per cent to Rs Rs 135.19 crore.

Senas Saamna sings paeans to ModiUpdated: October 28, 2014 16:15 IST
Sena’s ‘Saamna’ sings paeans to Modi
Alok Deshpande
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Shiv Sena party president Uddhav Thackeray. In a move to mend differences with the BJP, the Shiv Sena on Monday announced that it will support any leader from the BJP who will be given the task to lead the state. File photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
On Tuesday, Saamna, the party organ, sought to praise Mr. Modi for asserting the cultural identity of Hindus.
With the newly elected BJP MLAs set to elect their leader paving way for formation of a new government in the state, an over-anxious Shiv Sena, which wants to return to the BJP fold as a partner in the new regime, is tying itself in knots on how to go about it.
Haughtiness of its leader Uddhav Thackeray has made the task even more complicated. Barring a courtesy call to the BJP President Amit Shah on the night election results were out, he has done precious little to reach out to the BJP in concrete terms.
The Sena mouth-piece which initially mocked at the so-called `Modi wave' has been attempting a course-correction but it is being nullified by reckless statements of some of senior party leaders. For instance on Monday a senior leader had gone to the extent of saying that if Mr. Modi can engage to the Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif why can't Sena and BJP talk.
“Modi has decided to change the cultural face of this nation and as a result events like Diwali-milan are taking place in Delhi. This is a positive sign””
On Tuesday, Saamna, the party organ, sought to praise Mr. Modi for asserting the cultural identity of Hindus. "Modi has decided to change the cultural face of this nation and as a result events like Diwali-milan are taking place in Delhi. This is a positive sign”.
It contended that Hindu community is excited that the Prime Minister himself is celebrating festivals like Diwali and Dussehra. “That is the reason why we are praising Mr. Modi,” said an editorial, adding that this year the political Iftar parties were deserted. “This is an important change,” it said.
Ironically, it was the party president Uddhav Thackeray who had launched a bitter attack against the BJP. He had even called the BJP leaders as the forces of mughal worrior Afzal Khan, who had attacked Maharashtra at the time of Chhatrapati Shivaji. In an interview to Saamna, Mr. Thackeray had said that if a tea-seller can become prime minister, why can’t I become chief minister?
Praising Mr. Modi for his actions to improve the condition of poor in this country, the editorial said that such schemes should be prioritized.
“Congress used to celebrate Iftar as if it was a national festival. It was more about vote bank politics than actual love for Muslims. This vote bank politics is over because of Mr. Modi”
“Congress used to celebrate Iftar as if it was a national festival. It was more about vote bank politics than actual love for Muslims. This vote bank politics is over because of Mr. Modi,” the editorial said.
FAQ on the BJP-Sena split
Maharashtra went to the polls on October 15, 2014. For the first time in two decades, it witnessed a five-cornered contest as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year alliance (and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress their 15-year coalition) and with Maharashtra Navanirman Sena also being in the fray. On October 19 the results of the Maharashtra bypolls were announced and the BJP won in a simple majority with 123 seats while the Shiv Sena won 63.
What led to the BJP-Sena split?
The main reason for the split was the failure to reach a consensus over seat-sharing for the Assembly elections. While the BJP demanded at least 130 seats, Shiv Sena refused to give its ally more than 119. Earlier, Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray expressed his desire for the Chief Minister’s post, which the BJP refused to accept.
What’s the status quo?
On October 27th, the Shiv Sena announced that it will support any CM candidate from the BJP. Even as a section of the BJP State unit continues to lobby for a minority government in Maharashtra with the help of Independents, the party announced that it wanted a tie-up with its estranged ally, the Shiv Sena. However, this announcement came with the rider that the Sena should come on board without any conditions.
How did the parties come together in Maharashtra 25 years ago?
The BJP and Shiv Sena came together to forge an alliance in Maharashtra in 1989. Shiv Sena had always had the upper hand among the two parties in the State, with major share of the seats going to the Sena. The Sena came to power in 1995, and stayed in power for a term. Though they were out of the hot seat for the last 15 years, together they were strong as the opposition party. Shiv Sena was part of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). However, the relationship has faced many ups and downs over the years. After Bal Thackeray’s death in 2012, former BJP president Nitin Gadkari was against continuing the alliance with the Sena’s new chief Uddhav Thackeray.

Have no undisclosed bank account abroad: Radha TimbloBlack money: Radha Timblo denies having undisclosed foreign bank account
PTI     Panaji   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:08 IST
Radha Timblo (Photo: PTI)
Radha Timblo, a Goa-based miner whose name figures in the black money list submitted by the Centre in the Supreme Court, on Tuesday denied having any undisclosed bank account in the country or abroad.
On the affidavit filed before the SC on Monday, she said the matter in the affidavit was already settled and adjudicated. My conscience is very clear. We have paid all the taxes.
We have no undisclosed bank accounts in India or abroad, Timblo said. Timblo also said that though the firm has given political donations, they don't have any political affiliations.
We have no political affiliation. Making official donations to political parties is not a crime, she said.
Names of Dabur group promoter Pradip Burman , Rajkot-based bullion dealer Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited and its five Directors - Mrs Radha S Timblo, Chetan Timblo, Rohan Timblo, Mrs Anna Timblo and Mrs Mallika Timblo - figured in the affidavit filed in the apex court on Monday by the government as part of its drive to unearth blackmoney abroad.
Timblo Private Limited, a mining firm, had also figured in the reports of Justice M B Shah Commission and the Centrally-Empowered Committee that probed illegal mining in Goa.

Two held for rape of 76-year old woman inNagalandPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:37 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:38 pm
A 76-year-old woman was allegedly raped by two men in Jotsoma, a village on the outskirts of Kohima, the Nagaland capital. The police arrested the culprits after they were apprehended by villagers.
The woman has been admitted to hospital where she is undergoing treatment after the mandatory examinations were carried out. While the incident had occurred Saturday night, the police arrested the accused a day later. “The two culprits who had allegedly committed the crime are in our custody now. Investigations are on. The medical report is also expected soon,” Kohima SP Joseph Hesso said over the telephone Tuesday.
The incident has caused anguish in the hill state with people organising protest rallies and demanding exemplary punishment to the culprits. Another woman, apparently related to the victim, has been also picked up by the police in connection with the incident.
Hundreds of women took part in a protest march in Kohima Monday demanding speedy justice and adequate compensation to the victim. They also demanded that the two culprits should not be granted bail under any circumstances. They have been identified as Adu Nakro and Vezhohu Resuh from Pholomi, a village in the adjoining Phek district and were tenants in a house in Jotsoma.
Temsula Ao, chairperson of the Nagaland State Commission for Women, had recently said “total lack of discipline in social behaviour” coupled with “incompetence of the authorities to maintain proper surveillance of women’s security in general” had led to an alarming increase in incidents of rapes and other crimes against women in the hill state.

Indians addicted to smartphones  sayssurveyPrint
People based out of Pune have the highest tendency of buying gadgets like smartphones and laptops when they are on leisure travel.
Written by Garima Rakesh Mishra | Pune | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:16 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:22 pm
That smartphones are fast gaining the status of ‘lifelines’ would not be an overstatement. At least that’s what a recent survey seems to have found out. The facts and figures revealed in the survey by online travel company Expedia signal high dependency of new age Indians on smartphones.
As many as 95 per cent Indian respondents feel that their smartphone is very or of critical importance to their daily lives. The survey, which was conducted online from August 25 to September 17 across 25 countries from North America, Europe, South America and Asia Pacific, covered 8,856 employed adults aged 18 years and above.
Commenting on the highlights of the survey, Vikram Malhi, MD, Asia, Expedia, said: “We decided to conduct this survey to understand the booking behaviour of the neo-Indian traveller. The findings clearly suggest an increasing dependency on the mobile platform. Indians lead in app booking and data roaming plans globally. In fact, 75 per cent of Indians — the figure is the highest among all the countries surveyed — are those who have used an app on their smartphone or tablet to book accommodation.” He added that 68 per cent of the Indians admitted that they purchased an international data or roaming plan for their mobile device(s) while travelling away from their home network. The survey also reveals that with the rise of smartphones, the desktop is becoming an obsolete instrument — with only 28 per cent of the Indians using it for travel booking — second lowest globally.
As far as Pune figures are concerned, the survey offers some interesting data. As many as 44 per cent of the Puneites among the Indian surveyed confessed to using smartphones most frequently at home. Interestingly, the figure is the highest as compared to other big Indian cities — Delhi (35 per cent), Mumbai (29 per cent), Bangalore (37 per cent) and Hyderabad (36 per cent).
The survey says Puneites have the highest tendency of buying gadgets like smartphones (90 per cent) and laptops (91 per cent) when they are on leisure travel. They lead the segment across Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. It also reveals that at 48 per cent, Puneites are the highest users of gaming, music, movie and TV show apps while travelling. “It clearly emphasises on the trend of Puneites moving on to a more connected experience while travelling,” said Malhi.
About 39 per cent of the Puneites (the figure is again highest compared to Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad) associate the anxiety of losing mobile with the feeling that “all my apps, music and social networks are on my device”. As many as 59 per cent of the smartphone owners in Pune feel “insecure”, “isolated” and “shipwrecked” when they lose a mobile device. This figure too is highest among the cities surveyed — Delhi (40 per cent), Mumbai (41 per cent), Bangalore (37 per cent) and Hyderabad (43 per cent).
Though considered a wrong etiquette, 55 per cent of the Pune respondents confessed to making phone calls while dining at a restaurant or a cafe. The percentage of other four cities is much lower — Delhi (40), Mumbai (42), Bangalore (39) and Hyderabad (46).
City-based IT professional Pulkit Mathur is someone who can completely relate with the survey data. “I will not be exaggerating when I say my life runs on my mobile phone. Except when I am sleeping, I am constantly on the phone — checking mails, photos, chatting, browsing and so on. I have noticed that there are times when I am actually not doing anything productive on the phone but yet I am aimlessly checking my phone,” he said.
- 86 per cent of Indians own/use a smartphone
- India has the highest number of smartwatch owners globally, with 18 per cent of them owning/using the device
- India has the second highest number of Google Glass owners (6 per cent) after South Korea (8 per cent)
- 85 per cent of Indians currently have and use a laptop (Fourth highest in the world after Denmark (89 per cent), Austria (86per cent) and Norway (86 per cent)
- At 88 per cent, India ranked fifth in number of people saying they always bring their smartphone with them on leisure trips
- Indians rank second highest in carrying laptops with them on leisure trips (47 per cent) after UAE (48 per cent)

Checking in with Choice CEOchecking in with choice ceo
World Bank cuts China growth forecastWorld Bank cuts China growth forecast
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40ff59be-4d01-11e4-a0d7-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Collector car auction driving big businessHear "muscle car" and your mind quickly goes to Super Bees, GTOs, and Mustangs bellowing from light to light, putting pink slips against gas fumes. Today's muscle cars combine the testosterone-induced excitement of their predecessors with technology unimaginable decades ago. The future will... ( Casey Williams, Special to Tribune Newspapers )
Some of the offerings this weekend range from a 2015 Chevrolet Camaro hot rod limited edition to a 1968 Shelby GT500 Fastback to a 1973 Ford Bronco or 1927 Kissel Roadster.
And dreamers pay a price to make fantasy a reality. Though nothing matches the 1963 Harley Earl Corvette that sold for $1.5 million at last year’s auction, a range of 1,000 vehicles priced from a few thousand to hundreds of thousands of dollars give some idea of what dreams are made.
“We have something for everybody,” says the 32-year-old Mecum, who is one of four children working under founder Dana Mecum.
The family business has 12 high-profile auctions a year across the country, including its monster ten-day, 3,000-vehicle show in Kissimmee, Fla., in January. But Mecum considers the Fall Premier in Chicagoland its hometown auction.
From Maregno, Ill., the Mecum family held its first auction in Rockford in 1988. It was supposed to be a one-time event but it ended with a tornado that destroyed tents and unsold cars. Dana Mecum had to have another one the following year to recoup the initial losses. Now Mecum is a leader in the industry with $300 million in sales a year. “Nobody sells more than Mecum,” say the promotional materials.
“The collector car hobby over the last ten years has gained its own market and stopped flowing off the new car market,” says Frank Mecum. “Auctions in general have become in vogue.”
Like the World Series of Poker, its small market appeal has experienced surging popularity due in part to expanded media coverage. NBC Sports is covering the event this weekend for the first time.
“Collector cars have become a new art,” says Mecum CEO Dave Magers. “But it’s art you can drive around the block.”
Nostalgia, profit, passion, imagination, Vegas-like lights and exhaust all combine to fuel the adrenaline that drives the interest. Imagine a horse race deep in the last leg of the homestretch. That level of excitement is recreated with each entry, where auctioneers working in 30-minute shifts rattle off bid prices and ringpeople shout out paddles flipped in the crowd. Bars flank the pit and even at 1 p.m. on a Thursday, whistles are being whetted and auctioneers are chiding idle and restless bidders alike.

Signs sought on extent of China slowdownOctober 12, 2014 3:32 pm
Signs sought on extent of China slowdown
By Gavin Jackson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7548eba0-506b-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mission  Skill  Speed and Scale  needs to move to next orbitMission 'Skill, Speed and Scale' needs to move to next orbit
Sanjiv Kataria        Last Updated: October 15, 2014  | 10:48 IST
Sanjiv Kataria
The skill development role currently performed by nearly 20 central ministries, including the ministries of labour and human resources development, calls for a dramatic change.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's mantra of 'Skill, Speed and Scale' and creation of an independent Ministry of Skill Development on the day of his swearing-in and references to skill development in every public broadcast reflects the commitment to address the issue.
Three key agencies - National Skills Development Corporation, National Skill Development Agency and National Skill Development Trust - earlier part of the Ministry of Finance are now under the administrative control of the Ministry of Skill Development.
National Skills Development Corporation (NSDC) has over the years covered a lot of ground in identifying 31 sector skill development councils and 131 training partners it is clear that the target for skilling 500 million Indians by 2022 by NSDC is by no means daunting.
A look at the 'under construction' website of the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship at the end of 120 days, however, is bound to dampen the spirits of India's aspiring youth looking for meaningful and economically rewarding jobs. Like many others I only hope that the website is not reflective of the speed, seriousness and urgency with which the ministry is taking up its task.
The skill development ministry 's coordinating role, with 20 other ministries charged with skill development envisaged at least for now, is akin to serving 'old wine in a new bottle'. While clubbing departments of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship with Sports and Youth Affairs sound logical, I hope that it is not priority No. 3 for the youthful minister.
The Department of Sports demands full-time attention with a series of crisis surfacing from faction-ridden sports bodies and shabbily treated, ignored and neglected sportspersons. Despite logical reasons for clubbing Sports with Skill development and Entrepreneurship, the Minister needs to watch out that its gets the attention it deserves.
The progress of several skill development councils posted on the NSDC website brings out clearly that the Information Technology (IT) and BPO sector outshines the rest in terms of certification of skills and creation of job opportunities.
The Indian IT and the related BPO sector grew rapidly in the last 25 years by creating a robust manpower pool of 3 million new employees. The sector is a shining example of skill building and offers several take-aways for India's efforts in this area.
No other sector has
>> Provided, by way of lateral mobility, well-trained talent pool to sectors such as financial services, e-governance, manufacturing, education, and R&D.
>> Tapped talent from non-metro cities for their learnability, technical prowess and skills.
>> Opened up 5 million new job opportunities in facilities management, catering, transport, real-estate and housing sector.
And not to forget the massive economic multiplier it offered to home towns of IT and BPO workers - metros, mini metros, small towns and villages.
As the government sets out to convert 100 Indian cities into smart cities, skill millions of young Indians, clean the country and invite tourists there may are lessons to learn, processes to adopt and methods to emulate.
Here is an opportunity to take back IT and BPO workers closer to their homes, not so much for their IT and BPO skills but for problem solving,  putting process in place and training youth and adults to gain employable skills.
The growth of IT and BPO industry will continue to give fillip to Civic, Real Estate and IT infrastructure, offer well-paying jobs for youth closer home with its spread beyond metros generating an accelerated economic multiplier while earning valuable forex.
I single out the BPO industry for skilling its entire work force at zero cost to the government especially as it does not ask for grants or tax incentives for skilling its manpower pool.
The task of skilling to Indians in the deep interiors of the country is not without challenges, that include:
>> Help Indians to overcome the inertia of investing time and money in acquiring new skills, adapting new methods and technologies.
>> Emulate entrepreneurial models that they own and set up entrepreneurial firms that deploy local skills, arts and crafts, materials and expertise.
>> Motivate unemployed youth to skill themselves and build pride in adding to India's productivity.
>> Restore dignity of labour for jobs that are not respected.
>> Skill building and entrepreneurship development has to move beyond big cities and spread to the farthest corners, just as BPO industry is moving to small towns and rural areas.
The skill development ministry will have to find methods to make skilling attractive for youth, especially when 'dole oriented' schemes like MNREGA dampen the initiative to pick up new skills or to re-skill themselves.
Just as the American education system has seen declining interest in enrolling sciences and technology at college level, what if Indian youth choose to shun careers in farming, mining etc. We need to find methods to motivate youth to take up socially less acceptable jobs like plumbing, shoe-making or scavenging. Devising differential wages for hazardous or less glamorous careers may be a method.
We need to deploy mechanisation and technology in all sectors, agriculture, and infrastructure sector included to build the attractiveness of low-skilled low-paying yet strenuous jobs.
The earlier we build on the demographic advantage of rural and small town India the better. India's development rests there.
(Sanjiv Kataria is a Strategic Communications Counsel for the Services Industry. Among his customers, Encyclopaedia Britannica and NIIT are engaged in education and skill building while Teleperformance India offers extensive on-the-job skills to its contact center staff. The author has not been paid by any of them to write these.)

Tips on better retirement planning for womenStory
Shorter work life; longer plan
Two important aspects which make retirement planning for women different, higher life expectancy and shorter working
Sunil Mishra        Edition: October 2014
Photo: Reuters
Saying that retirement planning is important will be merely stating the obvious. A safe and financially secure retirement is the dream of all, but reality for a few. Women, whether married or unmarried, are often caught at the wrong financial end when it comes to retirement planning. This can be because despite the fact that more women through the years have started working, they are not focused on saving for their own needs. However, one needs to concentrate on better retirement planning for secured life in old age, irrespective of whether they are married or single. There are two important aspects which make retirement planning for women different:
HIGHER LIFE EXPECTANCY
It has been proven that women have higher life expectancy than men. This means that while planning for retirement, women will have to plan for a longer period. In case a woman is fully dependent on her husband and is not financially aware, she can get into trouble after the husband passes away. So, whether a woman is planning her retirement alone, or with her husband, the number of years post retirement is an important aspect of retirement planning. Also, the husband must ensure that if his wife outlives him, she should not only have sufficient funds to carry her through her old age but also have complete knowledge about it.
LESS WORKING YEARS
It is common to see women give up their careers or take up lesser-paying jobs to take care of the children, maintain work life balance etc. This percentage of women doing this is high in India when compared to western countries. This means women will have to save more in a short period to fulfill their needs. So, they should start planning for retirement and stick to a plan right from the beginning of their careers. That is the time when there are limited responsibilities and so can save sizeable amounts. Equity is a good option at this stage of life. If one has to quit the jobs due to family reasons, make sure that whatever you have accumulated is invested well. Also, do not spend all your provident fund even if you withdraw it, and invest it wisely.
RETIREMENT TIPS FOR SINGLE WOMEN:
>> Start early and contribute as much to your PF as you can afford.
>> Start investing in equity investment plans. Invest in compounding plans so that you get better returns.
>> Always maintain contingency cash so that you need not to depend on policies or investments at emergencies.
RETIREMENT TIPS FOR MARRIED WOMEN:
>> Discuss with your husband regarding your earnings and how much you have decided to allocate for your retirement plans.
>> Find suitable retirement plans in financial market and with complete expert guide you can have better retirement schemes, which gives you better tax-efficient yield.
>> Do not invest your retirement corpus on speculative assets.
>> Involve your husband in decision-making so that your portfolios are in sync.
Plan early to ensure you have a peaceful and financially secure retired life.
 
(The author, Sunil Mishra, is CEO of Karvy Private Wealth)
 

Tips to set up your very own gamer s roomStory
Setting up your Gamer's Room
If you are passionate about gaming, get yourself some space and set up a dedicated gaming room.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
Setting up your Gamer's Room
If you are passionate about gaming, get yourself some space and set up a dedicated gaming room. This should be a combination of comfort and technological assortments - from the latest consoles to the cool, relaxing couch. But other than these two, there are a lot many things that should be on your mind. Here, have a read.
SIZE
The first and foremost thing to keep in mind while setting up a gaming room is its size. There isn't any rule about the dimensions of such a room but there are a few things you should keep in mind. The room should neither be too big nor too small. It should have enough space for the TV to be placed in a noise-free area. There should be adequate distance between the gaming console and the recliner or the couch you plan to install, where you will sit and engage yourself. There should be some extra space too in the room for your friends and siblings to sit around. If the room is too big, there will be a lot of empty space. On the other hand, if the room is too small, you will have a lot of distractions while gaming.
SPEAKERS
An integral part of gaming is the sound of the game. So if you don't have good speakers to channelise the sound, the whole experience can be spoiled. There are multiple speaker systems available - 2.1 channel, 5.1 channel, 7.1 channel and even 9.1 channel. Newage speakers also offer wireless connectivity, eliminating the mess of running wires across the room.
RECLINER
La-Z-boy or a recliner or a bean bag is a must have in a gaming room where you can sit continuously for hours, without getting tired. Or even take a quick nap without stressing your body much.
SOUNDPROOFING
In gaming rooms, sound levels are often high. But this should not trouble other house members or neighbours. So, soundproofing the gaming room should be your top priority. Soundproofing also helps in improving the sound quality inside the room. You can either go for a contractor who can sound proof the room or do some basic bit yourself that can absorb noise. Some popular methods used are adding framing to ceiling and walls, and using layers of insulating foam or drywalls designed specifically for noise control in buildings. Carpets, thick curtains and free-standing or wallmounted acoustic panels also absorb noise.
TV OR PROJECTOR
Gaming on a small screen isn't as much fun as on a bigger display. Here you can choose between having a projector or a sleek LED TV. With a projector, you can change the distance and projection size later. However, with a TV, you will be stuck with the same display size. However, do make sure that whatever you may choose, a TV or a projector, both have enough connectivity options for pairing it with speakers, consoles, etc.
WIRING
Setting up a gaming room means having a lot of gadgets and wires running across the room that can make it look messed up. It the wires are left loose, they can pose danger as someone might fall. Cover all the wires under carpet, behind the shelves or tie them so that they do not spoil the look of the room. Instead of running wires across the room for the power socket, get a good looking, high-quality extension cord.
CONSOLE AND ACCESSORIES
If you are into gaming, you would have your own, personal favourite console - Microsoft Xbox, Sony PS  or Nintendo Wii. What you also need to think about is whether you only want controllerbased gaming experience or even gesture-based. Accordingly, you will have to invest in extra controllers, camera, etc. as only a single controller is bundled into the pack.
LIGHTING
It may sound boring but lighting of the gaming room is also crucial. The gaming room should not be overly well-lit but the lighting should be such that the room is functional as well as stylish. One should have lighting at different places or specific areas of the room, as per the need. Do keep in mind, if you are going for a projector setting, the room should get completely dark for the best output. For a TV setup, a light should not be placed on the wall opposite to the TV. Prefer remote control lighting for more fun.
WIRELESS ROUTER
Chances are that you would have a wireless router at home for Internet connectivity. But for online gamers, there should be a dedicated wireless network that should not be interfered with speed issues. Get yourself a gaming router to connect your console.

Rise and Drive car show has last event of seasonRise and Drive car show has last event of season
Rise and Drive car meet
Rise and Drive Instagram
Rise and Drive has its final event of the inaugural year on Sunday, October 26, from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. at Soldier Field South parking lot. Free and open to the public.
Rise and Drive has its final event of the inaugural year on Sunday, October 26, from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. at Soldier Field South parking lot. Free and open to the public. (Rise and Drive Instagram)
Rise and Drive, the last outdoor car show of the season, meets at Soldier Field S lot on 10/26 from 8-11 am.
Check out Rise and Drive car meet 10/26 from 8-11am at Soldier Field South lot.
With the last gasp of leaves falling from the trees and the possibly the last playoff gasp of the Chicago Bears away in New England, the Soldier Field South parking lot hosts the final event of the inaugural season of the Rise and Drive car show on Sunday, October 26 from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m.
Take the flipped hoods and rumbling engines of cruise nights and blend it with the high-gloss presentation and massive scope of an auto show, take five generations of living automotive history and supercharge it with the instantaneous exchange of millions of dollars and you get the Mecum... ( Robert Duffer )
Admission is free and open to the public. It is organized by a private collector who wishes to remain anonymous, says Wu, who drives a Hyundai Elantra.
September's big draw was an original 1966 Ford GT 40 Mark 1. Porsche, Ferrari, muscle cars and supercars have been popular in the monthly event that launched in July. In addition to about 70 cars on average, there will be food trucks and free coffee. 
"It's been different every time," says Jennifer Wu, the event coordinator for the free event. "We've had a good mix of exotic, modern, and historic cars."

Situation tense  but under control after clashes in Trilokpuripicture  others
Situation tense, but ‘under control’ after clashes in Trilokpuri
Situation in East Delhi’s Trilokpuri locality on Sunday remained tense but “under control” as there were no reports of fresh violence from the area which has been on the boil in the last three days following a clash between two groups on Diwali night.
A couple wait outside their house in the curfew bound Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Prohibitory orders remained imposed in the area and large contingent of police along with Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) were keeping a tight vigil in the area.
RAF personnel guard an area as a local man takes a nap in the curfew bound area of Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Police has detained some people for making hoax calls or spreading rumours, and senior officers were contemplating filing a case against them.
A woman looks out of her window in the  curfew bound Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Eerie calm prevailed in the area as locals preferred to stay at home. Those ventured out to buy essential household items like milk and other eatables claimed that outsiders had stoked violence in the area.
Policemen collect evidence from a road filled with brick bats in Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
Five persons had suffered gunshot injuries in the clashes. Till Saturday evening, 35 people, including 13 policemen had reportedly sustained injuries in the three days of violent clashes.
A car burnt in Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday, two days after a clash between two groups. (Source: PTI Photo)
More than 70 miscreants have been arrested so far in connection with the incident and combing operations were on. Police has advised the public to refrain from visiting the area.
A policeman walks past a burnt shop in Trilokpuri, New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
A police cameraman takes footage of brick bats at a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Source: PTI Photo)
Related

The Ganga in Varanasi; One river  multiple facetspicture  others
The Ganga in Varanasi; One river, multiple facets
The river Ganga in the holy city Varanasi calls artists, sages, musicians and painters who are in quenches their thirst for knowledge. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
River Ganga not just has spiritual and religious significance. It also nourishes a population of over 450 million. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
A vast Dhobi ghat operational near Harishchandra ghat, despite the fact that use of soap and detergent is banned in the river. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Hindus consider this as one of the holiest places; they offer prayers to the river and the sun. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
People from far-off places come here to find peace and nirvana. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The Assi nullah, once a tributary of river Ganga, carries township sewage of thousands of homes having unplanned sewage line, enters in river Ganga near Ravidas Ghat. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The water from Assi nullah enters the river continuously without undergoing a treatment process. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
This is how river looks like in its southern stretch. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
This is the same place where the annual grand function of 'Ganga Mahotsav' is celebrated in the month of November and several artists, politicians and social workers arrive in and pledge to clean the holy river. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The southern stretch is mostly uncrowded unlike the northern stretch where temples and religious activities keep the area abuzz with tourists and pilgrims. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
More interesting is the fact that, the river flows from South to North in Varanasi. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The point where Assi nullah enters river Ganga. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Apart from Assi nullah, around 5-6 big streams and hundreds of small stream unplanned sewage lines dispose waste. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
All these lines empty the township waste from residential colonies and untreated waste from nearby industrial areas. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The location Mir Ghat. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Limestone and other chemicals deposited on the side of the river at prominent Mir Ghat. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Not very far from the grand cremation ghat Manikarnika, this picture at Lalita ghat shows the waste and garbage coming from the creamtion ghat. There is no proper mechanism to clean the river in that area which bears the burden of burning hundreds of dead bodies every day. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The NGOs have helped nothing as of now. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Several NGOs and independent people seem to be working for the cleanliness of the river, (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The same place at Rajendra Prasad Ghat in Varanasi from where former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi launched the Ganga Action Plan in 1986. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
According to Allahabad High Court order, no plastic bags are allowed in 200 metre radius of the river. However, this is not implemented. Plastic bags and bottles are found deposited in the river bed. The local administration or the civic body take no step to control the use of poly bags. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The 28 years of the project, no attention was paid on checking direct disposal of sewage and other pollutants in Ganga from the trans-Ganga townships. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
The view of the Assi Ghat in the twilight. (Source: Express photo by Swati Chandra)
Related

Ten store brands of baby wipes recalled for possible bacteriaStore-brand baby wipes recalled due to bacteria
Nutek recall includes baby wipes made for Walgreens, Sam's Club
B. cepacia bacteria found in some Nutek baby wipes
A Pennsylvania company is recalling all 10 brands of baby wipes it makes, including those made for Walgreens and Diapers.com, as some packs may contain a bacteria known to pose a risk to people with certain health problems.
Caption Bean bag chairs
Consumer Product Safety Commission
About 2.2 million bean bag chairs have been recalled for a possible choking hazard after the death of two children. The chairs were made by Ace Bayou Corp., based in New Orleans, and sold at Bon-Ton, Meijer, Pamida, School Specialty, Wayfair and Walmart stores and online on Amazon.com. The...
About 2.2 million bean bag chairs have been recalled for a possible choking hazard after the death of two children. The chairs were made by Ace Bayou Corp., based in New Orleans, and sold at Bon-Ton, Meijer, Pamida, School Specialty, Wayfair and Walmart stores and online on Amazon.com. The... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption Franklin & Ben Mason recalls convertible cribs
Consumer Product Safety Commission
About 1,000 Franklin & Ben Mason 4-in-1 Convertible Cribs are being recalled in the U.S. because the front can detach from the side panels and create a gap that's big enough to trap a child or allow the child to fall out. The crib front can separate from the side panels and create a hazardous...
About 1,000 Franklin & Ben Mason 4-in-1 Convertible Cribs are being recalled in the U.S. because the front can detach from the side panels and create a gap that's big enough to trap a child or allow the child to fall out. The crib front can separate from the side panels and create a hazardous... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption Brita recalls children's water bottles over laceration hazard
Consumer Product Safety Commission
Brita is recalling almost 243,000 hard-sided water filter bottle for kids because the lid can break into pieces and poses a laceration hazard. Characters and bottle colors include Dora the Explorer, Hello Kitty, SpongeBob Square Pants and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, green. The bottles have...
Brita is recalling almost 243,000 hard-sided water filter bottle for kids because the lid can break into pieces and poses a laceration hazard. Characters and bottle colors include Dora the Explorer, Hello Kitty, SpongeBob Square Pants and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, green. The bottles have... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption Tin candles sold at Hobby Lobby
Consumer Product Safety Commission
About 126,000 DD branded candles sold in a round metal tin are being recalled because the container's coating can catch fire. They were sold between June and July for about $6. The manufacturer has received two reports of the candle container catching fire and one report of minor property...
About 126,000 DD branded candles sold in a round metal tin are being recalled because the container's coating can catch fire. They were sold between June and July for about $6. The manufacturer has received two reports of the candle container catching fire and one report of minor property... (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
Caption L.L. Bean children's sweaters
Consumer Product Safety Commission
L.L. Bean is recalling some of its Fisherman's and Open Stitch sweaters because the spare button can detach and cause a choking hazard. No injuries have been reported.
L.L. Bean is recalling some of its Fisherman's and Open Stitch sweaters because the spare button can detach and cause a choking hazard. No injuries have been reported. (Consumer Product Safety Commission)
See more galleries
Latest recalls: TVs, children's sweaters, water bottles, cribs, grinders
Here are products recently recalled by the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the Food and Drug Administration, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Food Safety and Inspection Center.
Latest recalls: TVs, children's sweaters, water bottles, cribs, grinders
Here are products recently recalled by the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the Food and Drug Administration, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Food Safety and Inspection Center.
Nutek Disposables is recalling baby wipes it made that were sold under 10 brands: Cuties, Diapers.com, Femtex, Fred's, Kidgets, Member's Mark, Simply Right, Sunny Smiles, Tender Touch, and Well Beginnings. The products were distributed before Oct. 21 to Diapers.com, Family Dollar, Fred's, Sam's Club and Walgreens, according to an Oct. 25 statement from the company that was posted on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's website.
Nutek tested its products after getting a few complaints about odor and discoloration, and found the presence of a bacteria called Burkholderia cepacia, or B. cepacia, in some products.

Wall St. ends flat  but energy shares lowerS&P 500 posts worst day since October; energy shares sink
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
The S&P energy index <.SPNY> tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil  fell 2.3 percent to $91.70 while shares of Chevron  dropped 3.7 percent to $106.80.
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014. [O/R] The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple  was down 2.3 percent at $112.40, while GoPro  shares fell 6.3 percent at $67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the U.S. equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's  shares shed 3.8 percent to $92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Drug case dropped when Darren Wilson  the Ferguson officer who shot Michael Brown  fails to appear at hearingBy Sarah Larimer October 27 Follow @slarimer
In this Feb. 11, 2014, image from video released by the City of Ferguson, Mo., officer Darren Wilson attends a city council meeting. (City of Ferguson via AP)
A drug case investigated by the Ferguson, Mo., police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager in August was dismissed Monday when the officer, Darren Wilson, failed to appear in court, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch .
Wilson was due in court for a hearing in the felony drug case against Christopher A. Brooks, for which the officer had previously earned praise . He has not been spotted in public since his name was linked to the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown in August .
“I expected it to be dismissed,” Brooks’s attorney, Nick Zotos, said in a phone interview with The Post. “I didn’t expect the officer to show at all. Because he’s probably listening to his lawyers. He’s represented by good lawyers in his own defense. I would presume they told him ‘don’t show.’ He’s an inactive police officer, there’s nothing in it for him to appear.”
Wilson’s attorney did not immediately respond to an e-mail.
“We’d always rather win it on the facts of the law, but we’ll take winning on procedure,” Zotos said.
Brown was killed in an Aug. 9 shooting in Ferguson, a suburb of St. Louis. Details surrounding the shooting remain unclear, though a grand jury is investigating the case .
The felony drug case involving Brooks began in February 2013, when Wilson received a call about a suspicious vehicle, according to the Post-Dispatch. Two men exited the car when Wilson arrived, the newspaper reported, and the officer spoke with Brooks and 28-year-old Erik C. Johnson. Wilson handcuffed the pair and asked for Brooks’s keys.
Via the Post-Dispatch, here’s what allegedly happened next:
Brooks refused, Wilson tried to grab the keys, and Brooks slapped his hand away, the report says. Wilson eventually got the keys, and pushed or pulled Brooks to the ground when Brooks refused to get down. Wilson wrote that he later found bags of marijuana and a bag containing 10 pills. An addendum to the report says Brooks admitted selling marijuana to support his family, and planned to sell the pills.
According to the Los Angeles Times, Wilson received an award for the arrest at a Ferguson City Council meeting  this year.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Tesla shares tank on report of Toyota selloutTesla tanks on report of Toyota sellout
By: Chris Woodyard October 27, 2014 5:27 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Toyota Motors President Akio Toyoda (left) as he holds the key of a Tesla Roadstar handed to him by Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk during the presentation of the car at Tesla Japan’s headquarter showroom in Tokyo on November 12, 2010.
Shares of Tesla Motors plunged 5.8% Monday after reports surfaced that Toyota has joined Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler in cutting its stake in the upstart electric-car maker.
Tesla closed at $221.67, down $13.57, continuing a slide that started at the beginning of the month when its price topped $260 a share. Its 52-week high is $291.42.
Japanese news agency Nikkei reported Friday , based on unnamed sources, that Toyota sold some of its Tesla shares, reaping a huge profit. It took a $50 million stake in 2010 good for 2.4% ownership of Tesla. It also collaborated with Tesla to create the electric RAV4, which is being discontinued.
Daimler recently announced that it, too , is reducing its stake in Tesla but will continue to work with the Palo Alto-based automaker on various electric-car project. Those two worked to create the B-Class electric vehicle, which is plying the streets of America.

Is it game over for textingOctober 28, 2014 12:03 am
Is it ‘game over’ for texting?
Geoff Nairn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86996b76-583d-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Better check on health of Europes banksBetter way to check the health of Europe’s banks
The harsh light of the ECB’s asset quality review should be sustained
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce142132-5dd6-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

European banks  life after the AQR© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/da60f928-5deb-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toronto mayoral election ends Ford eraOctober 28, 2014 4:18 am
Toronto mayoral election ends Ford era
The Associated Press
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/948631ca-5e54-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toronto mayor seeks help for drink problemMay 1, 2014 8:30 am
Toronto mayor Rob Ford seeks help for drink problem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbdf6b10-d0fa-11e3-bdbb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canada round-up on Toronto mayorNovember 19, 2013 9:35 am
Canadian papers ink shame of Rob Ford
By Lina Saigol
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c97bc330-50f0-11e3-b499-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shell seeks US Arctic drilling extensionShell seeks US Arctic lease extension after drilling delays
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af2771dc-5e5f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF urges Gulf states to restrain spendingIMF urges Gulf states to restrain spending as oil price falls
Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65712a64-5de8-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shell seeks fresh Arctic drilling permitsRoyal Dutch Shell seeks fresh Arctic drilling permits
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0f5186a-2efa-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gross incompetence at the State Department (UPDATED)By David Bernstein October 27
Someone left State Department spokesman Jen Psaki grossly unprepared for a press briefing today (or at least I hope this reflects lack of preparation), and she wound up disagreeing with the notion that a teenage Palestinian Hamas supporter with American citizenship throwing molotov cocktails at cars on an Israeli highway was “essentially a terrorist” whom the State Department was a bit too quick too mourn. Of course there were ways she could have finessed this, for example by pointing out that a fourteen-year old’s death is tragic under any circumstances, and the government was simply acknowledging that fact, not in any way condoning the underlying violence that led to his death. If you watch the video, you will see that Psaki didn’t come anywhere near “finesse.” [I accidentally hit "publish" for a draft version of this post that wasn't ready for prime time.  This is the version I intended to publish.]
UPDATE: A bit of additional context: Relations between the Israeli government and the Obama Administration, and the State Department in particular, never great given Obama and Netanyahu’s rather obvious mutual disdain, are currently in what many call a “crisis” .  State is mad at the Israeli government for a variety of reasons, some more legitimate than others, and the Israeli press has been filled with reports of signs of this pique.  Defense Minister Yaalon was in the U.S. last week, and State officials  leaked that he was unwelcome to meet with anyone they could influence not to meet with him , because he has not publicly apologized for harshly criticizing Secretary of State John Kerry earlier this year.  More seriously than the treatment of an individual minister, reports have surfaced that the Obma administration ordered a sudden and unannounced freeze on supplying Israel with weapons during the Gaza war,  and also stopped U.S. law enforcement in its tracks as it was trying to help Israel locate the origins of a Facebook post that could have revealed where Hamas had taken an Israeli soldier during the war (the U.S. denies the latter is true). Israelis had also previously perceived that the U.S. government seemed reluctant to aid in recovering the three kidnapped teenagers whose deaths helped precipitate the Gaza war, one of whom was an American citizen.
To show how worried Israel and its supporters have become about signals emanating from the Obama Administration, pro-Israel media was most recently filled with criticism of the U.S. consulate in East Jerusalem for sending out a memo referring to the terrorist murder for a three month old baby in Jerusalem, an American citizen,  as a “traffic incident,”  which was much more likely internal bureaucratise than an intentional slap at Israel.  In short, this is a very sensitive time in U.S.-Israeli relations, where every statement from the U.S. government is being scrutinized to see if it will cause, or reflects, a further deterioration in those relations. Which means, in turn, that one would expect the State Department spokesman to be well-prepared for exactly the sort of question Psaki received, so that the government could clarify that it both was concerned about escalating violence in Jerusalem and the death of an American-citizen teenager, but also stood with Israel against Hamas and terrorism. You really need to watch the video see how poorly she handled the question, and how ill-prepared she seemed.
 
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

President has given consent to Delhi LG s move to invite BJP to form govt: CentrePresident has given consent to Delhi LG s move to invite BJP to form govt: Centre
The great cold rush may bring prosperity  but at what priceThe great ‘cold rush’ may bring prosperity – but at what price?
Philip Stephens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02ef37e6-4966-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India 114th out of 142 nations on WEF s Gender Gap ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Japan creates cabinet post for Tokyo OlympicsUpdated: October 28, 2014 15:54 IST
Japan creates cabinet post for Tokyo Olympics
AP
Tweet
AP
Japan is planning to create a new Cabinet post to oversee the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. The file picture shows the celebration at the Tokyo Municipal Government office square upon IOC's selection of Tokyo as the venue of 2020 Olympics.
TOPICS
Olympics
Japan is planning to create a new Cabinet post to oversee the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The government agreed on Tuesday to introduce a legislation that would add a new minister in charge of coordinating the various ministries and agencies involved in the 2020 Summer Games. Areas of responsibility would include transportation, security and venues.
The Olympics currently fall under the responsibility of the minister of education, culture, sports, science and technology.
If the Japanese parliament approves the bill, the Cabinet would increase in size to 19 members.
The legislation also outlines a basic policy for management and preparations for the Games, and envisions a government Olympics task force that would operate through 2020.

Cyclone Nilofar to hit Gujarat coast on November 1Updated: October 28, 2014 23:39 IST
‘Weak’ Nilofar to hit Gujarat on Saturday
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Courtesy: IMD
This image provided by Kalpana 1 satellite shows cyclone Nilofar moving slowly northwestwards in past 06 hours and lay centering at 1130 hours IST of October 28, 2014 near latitude 15.90 N and longitude 61.60 E, about 1110 km southwest of Naliya (Gujarat), 1150 km south-southwest of Karachi (Pakistan) and 810 km east-southeast of Salalah (Oman).
TOPICS
cyclones
Cyclone Nilofar is set to make landfall at Naliya village in Kutch district, along the Gujarat coast, on Saturday, a day later than expected, says a revised weather forecast on Tuesday. The landfall was earlier forecast on Friday morning.
“At the moment, it is a very severe cyclonic storm, but by the time it makes landfall at Naliya, it is set to weaken into a cyclonic storm with wind speed of 80-90 kmph. The maximum speed can go up to 100 kmph,” Manorama Mohanty, Director, Ahmedabad Meteorological Centre, told The Hindu.
The cyclone is now 1,110 kilometres from Naliya. Heavy rain will begin in Gujarat on Friday night and the sea is expected to be rough, the India Meteorological Department bulletin said. The State government is conducting daily review meetings on preparedness. On Tuesday, the authorities conducted a videoconference with the Collectors of the coastal districts and charted out emergency plans.

Yahoo s Mayer trying to poach top Amazon sales execMarissa Mayer Trying to Poach Top Amazon Sales Exec to Help Turn Around the Turnaround at Yahoo
October 27, 2014, 9:07 PM PDT
By Kara Swisher
Click to email this to a friend
Last week, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer bought herself some time with increasingly disgruntled investors by turning in a better than expected performance for the third quarter, with a small uptick in revenue rather than an expected decline. While still full of signs that Yahoo’s core business was still struggling, the results were good enough that Wall Street bid up the stock anyway.
But she has also been aggressively looking for some high-level help to turn around the turnaround that has not yet yielded the kinds of results that Mayer has promised. And among those she has been trying to entice, according to sources close to the situation, is Amazon’s head of global advertising sales Lisa Utzschneider . The well-regarded exec has been at the e-commerce giant for six years and, previous to that, she worked for a decade at Microsoft.
It’s not clear what job Utzschneider is being considered for, the one currently occupied by Americas head Ned Brody, or an even more significant one, such as COO. Of course, the person last in that position — former Google exec Henrique De Castro — was fired by Mayer and given a big payoff that was controversial given his inability to turn around Yahoo’s ever-declining ad business.
Brody’s status has been in question in the marketing industry for some time, with sources inside Yahoo describing his relationship with Mayer as tense. While Brody has denied this to some, the number of people inside the company who have told me about the increasing deterioration of his and Mayer’s rapport has been growing.
The Utzschneider hiring is an interesting move for Mayer, who has talked to a number of top ad sales execs recently, said numerous sources, to get them to come to Yahoo. Sources said she seems to have focused most intently on Utzschneider — who has a strong reputation in the ad market, but who is not one of the more high-profile execs in the space, such as Facebook’s Carolyn Everson or Twitter’s Adam Bain.
Still, her hire would be a coup for Mayer, who needs more help in figuring out how to goose and morph Yahoo’s display ad business. To do so, she has shifted the company’s focus to mobile and video ads, where Utzschneider has some experience. Reports have put Amazon’s ad business at $1 billion, with credit to Utzschneider.
More to come, obvi. I pinged both Yahoo and Utzschneider for comment and expect no reply.
[Update: More sources confirm that Utzschneider is likely to take the Yahoo job, which could be announced as early as this week.]
But here is an interview that Utzschneider did with AdAge during Advertising Week in New York earlier this month:

Mahindra reveals Thar CRDe AdventureEditionThe Mahindra Thar CRDe Adventure Edition will be available in a single paint shade of 'Java Brown'.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:50 pm
Mahindra has given a fresh breeze of newness to it’s capable SUV Thar, by launching a limited edition variant of the Thar CRDE. The special edition variant, which is named as Thar CRDE Adventure Edition, has been revealed on the official facebook page of Mahindra Thar. This new variant will be produced in a limited run of only 30 units to commemorate the ongoing festive season. Adding to the factor of exclusivity is the fact that the SUV will be available in select dealerships only.
The Mahindra Thar CRDe Adventure Edition will be available in a single paint shade of ‘Java Brown’. The other accessories with which this variant is adorned with are body graphics, headlamp and tail lamp protectors, chaff screen in front of the grille, front bull bar and wheel-arch extensions housing the turn indicators. The interiors of the SUV are also spruced up as it gets new black seat covers with contrast orange stitching, redesigned center console with harness points and moulded floor mats, which intend to make the vehicle adapt to the conditions of camping and off-roading with ease.
Mechanically though, the Thar CRDe Adventure Edition is powered by the same 2.5 liter diesel engine which is available in the regular Thar CRDe. The oil burner is good enough to churn out 105PS of power and 247Nm of torque, and is coupled up with a 5-speed manual transmission. The sheer off-road ability of the SUV is proved by the presence of Borg Warner four-wheel drive transfer system and 200mm ground clearance, assisted by sharp approach and departure angles. On the price front, though Mahindra hasn’t revealed the actual price of this limited edition variant, it is speculated to carry a premium of Rs.30,000 to 40,000 more than the Thar CRDe, which currently retails for Rs. 7.37 lakh.

Black money probe: Who is PradipBurmanPrint
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:48 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:51 pm
Pradip Burman, who belongs to the family that owns Dabur India Ltd (valued at over Rs 36,700 crore as on Monday), has two entries in the HSBC Geneva list — of $ 40,000 and $ 3,28,000 — roughly adding to Rs 14 crore, for the financial years 2005-06 and 2006-07.
Investigations into Burman’s accounts started in July 2011. After initially not acknowledging he had an account, Burman in 2012 offered to pay tax to “buy peace” in view of his old age, and of the goodwill that Dabur and his family had. He paid Rs 7.17 crore, including penalties.
Burman opened this account in 1999, when he was in Dubai. Income-Tax documents accessed by The Indian Express show the authorities have set two parameters for initiating prosecution: non-furnishing of account details, and wilful attempt to evade tax. Considering Burman is in his 70s, the I-T department sought the opinion of its lawyers, who, however, opined that since Burman was not a senior citizen at the time of the alleged offence, his case was fit for prosecution.
A mechanical engineer from MIT, Burman joined the family business in 1967 and, in 1981, became managing director of Vidogum and Chemicals. In 1995, he became a director at Dabur India and served as executive director from 2007 to 2012. He is currently founder-chairman of Sundesh, a non-profit organisation that works on educating rural women.
A Dabur spokesperson said on Monday, “We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account… We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income-Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable.”

Dissing Uncle Sam: Many Expats Would Dump Citizenshipdissing uncle sam: many expats would dump citizenship
Who benefits from cheap oilwho benefits from cheap oil
Sweden s crown slides as Riksbank cut rates to zeroYen benefits as investor risk appetite wanes
By Jemima Kelly, Reuters
0
Dennis Lockhart, head of the Atlanta Federal Reserve, said late on Monday that he was in no rush to drop the Fed's pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time", while San Francisco Fed chief John Williams said the phrase was still appropriate.
Against the traditionally safe-haven yen, the greenback slid 0.8 percent to 119.78 yen , pulling further away from a seven-year high of 121.86 yen set on Monday. The Japanese currency also rose versus the euro, which shed 0.5 percent to around 147.93 yen .
"Currency markets are trading in a risk-off sentiment," said Neil Jones, head of FX hedge fund sales at Mizuho bank in London, adding that investors were booking profits on the dollar into the year-end after its strong performance in recent months.
"People are cutting the higher yielding currencies which they've been funding through being short yen and that position is being reversed somewhat, which is manifesting itself in a much lower dollar/yen."
The dollar may retreat further versus the yen in the near term due to the potential for more position squaring in the wake of its recent rally, said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
"The size of volatility in the dollar's moves versus the yen has become quite stark," Murata said, adding that choppy trading conditions could persist toward the year-end.
The euro rose by 0.4 percent to $1.23620 , moving further away from a 28-month low of $1.2247 hit on Monday as the dollar weakened across the board.
Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar fell 0.3 percent <.DXY>, having hit a five-year high on Monday.
(Additional reporting by Masayuki Kitano in Singapore and Ian Chua in Sydney)

Ranbaxy shares up over 6% on smart earningsRanbaxy shares up over 6% on smart earnings
Where Do You Stand In Race Of Black MoneyWhere Do You Stand In Race Of Black Money
Trade Union to increase membership to 10 lakhs in five yrsTrade Union to increase membership to 10 lakhs in five yrs
Softbank will be significant shareholder of Snapdeal: BahlSoftbank will be significant shareholder of Snapdeal: Bahl
Reuters Summit - Hong Kong-China stock link-up undermined by tax issueReuters Summit - Hong Kong-China stock link-up undermined by tax issue
Ola! Japan s SoftBank stikes some  snap deals  in India (Roundup)Ola! Japan s SoftBank stikes some  snap deals  in India (Roundup)
Global crude oil price of Indian Basket was US$ 84.49 per bbl on 27.10.2014Global crude oil price of Indian Basket was US$ 84.49 per bbl on 27.10.2014
